i was on skype on my tablet as i went to the toilet iming a friend. i don't multitask very well, so i forgot one of the most important things to do before pooping. i think the best part was when i realised and told my mate who just freaked out because i was talking to him on the john!
i grew up in germany where i went to a german secondary school that went from 5th to 13th grade. my school was named after anne frank and we had a club that i was very active in from 9th grade on. i was teaching incoming 5th graders about anne franks life, discrimination, anti-semitism, hitler, the third reich. this actually happened a couple of years ago.
i tend to leave half-drank beers in my garage. usually no more than a day old, often i'll end up finishing them off the next day. last night there was a millipede outbreak. little buggers were everywhere, including my beer. burned my mouth, firehosing it all over myself, the walls, and the ground.
After her mom died from cancer last year, i started looking for my estranged father. He told me that he had been a horrible alcoholic and that he didn't pursue custody of me because he felt himself to be selfish and unstable. He was exactly everything i needed in a father my entire life: supportive, sweet, funny, loving.
One year ago, a 25-year-old man was at his peak on many levels. He decided to live conservatively because he didn't want to lock himself into a position where he couldn't do something he really wanted to do. In the beginning of summer, when free time is abundant, an opportunity presents itself. This opportunity is exactly what you u2019ve been waiting for and you can u2019t miss it.
i tried this before and the results were great but i had decided to do it again because of how well it worked. It did great at taking the hair off it, but decided to take the first layer of skin too. My nuts now glow cherry red and walking is a painful expense that can't be justified.
i was in line at kfc and he was counting pennies in his hand in front of me. he turned around and said if i could spare some money for his lunch since he recently became homeless. the situation seemed genuine so i gave him $10. right after he said bless you and walked out of the restaurant.
i'm currently sunburnt, across the entirety of my shoulders and upper arms and back. i can handle sun - even have a tan - in places that are usually exposed (e.g., my forearms), but not in others. i did it once before, and paid dearly.
The other day me and my brother were playing black ops 2 and he had the mic and a girl came into the lobby we were in. they became friends on xbox and facebook. a few days later i told her who i was and sent her a friend request on facebook and xbox. she hasn't responded and i was going through the ingame friends list today and looked at her profile, only to accidentally push the invite to game button. now i seem really creepy/annoying. kat, if you're reading this, i just wanna play some xbox with you cus you seem cool as shit.
i've been on a diy-pinterest-tumblr-let's-make-my-own-shit-and-be-fancy spree. the other day i took a 'detox bath' (fyi did nothing for me guys). so, my brain totally went 'hey, trajectorys, put some peppermint in! it's good for your skin!' okay brain! so i literally shook the thing full force all over the top of the bath water. i'm talking like... probably 50-100 drops. so i finish running the water, turn it off, and hop in the bath. first five minutes went really well.. and then the cold started. okay
i kept missing out on the opportunity to  "drop off " the empty cartridges before they are gone. i thought that, for whatever reason, there would be no costco run this weekend, so i took them back. then they left behind my back without saying anything, which means i'm low on ink for yet another week through the fault of no one else but mine.
i was at a park that had a festival going on to support cyclists, i was by myself looking for a place to smoke from my dugout. i get caught up in the blackberry bushes thorny branches. i swiped twice at the branch as i sat, it was cutting but not enough so the branch was just getting stuck to me. then I swiped at it again with force, so much force that i cut through the branch and stabbed myself in the top of my knee.
i haven't had a bath in practically years so, after finally moving into a house with a bath, i decide to have one. having recently purchased a shiny new bag of weed, i thought combining the two would be a good idea.picture this; a very cramped bathroom, no windows, a shitty extractor fan, closed door, steaming hot bath and a spliff. as i lay there gently swishing to and fro, giggling like a little school girl, i neglected to notice how hot the room was becoming. after a while i looked up and realised i could barely even see the taps in front of me. naturally, i begin to panic and started scrambling around trying to
 i hit cancel when adding over an entire new album worth of pics and figured it wouldn't download any of them.. dead wrong. it downloaded so many pictures. they have been up for like two days now. some were nsfw party pics that i wouldn't even let myself be tagged in, and pics of this guy i used to talk to that were shirtless. oh god and a range of selfies from me trying (keyword: trying to be sexy) my grandma saw them!!
While going down on her, i got a tickle in the back of my throat (possibly a hair, i don't fucking  know), and i coughed, in a big way. right into her pussy. she was bewildered. i  was trying to apologize, but was in the midst of a coughing fit.
i thought it would be funny to leave a fake note from the cable company saying things like  "screw you ",  "don't tell me what to do ", and some more vulgar things. i tried to make it so over the top that no one would think it was real. my roommate who is our primary tenant calls the cable and flips out on them. i'm so scared now. i don't want the police to get involved over a stupid joke.
i was going through a rough time since chewing on a spider in my soup at work just less than 48 hours ago. i remembered all of 3 years ago, listening to ke$ha's first ever radio interview (bbc radio 1, scott mills show) which was when i fell in love with her. **including the one where she recounted pissing in a sink in a london pub with either lily allen or pixie lott present. aha, i thought to myself. i can finally act like my idol of my teenagehood. the sink cracked while i was mid-urination. don't know what do.
 "i was horny and i'm sure she was too so we start making out and start touching each other all over the place. then we start having sex in the woods. we were having sex peacefully until we heard workers. they sounded far but every second they seemed to get closer "  "i was so embarrassed. bastards ruined it too ;) we just hung out for a bit after and went our separate ways "
i work at a day camp for my summer job. its a good job and doesn't pay that bad. i had been having problems with some coworkers for awhile, and felt like i kinda had no friends there. i just really did not want to be around these people any longer. unfortunately, my boss said basically it would be a big shame and we could really use every counselor we can get because numbers are big this time of year.
i tried microwaving french fries with napkins and a plate. Half way through the five minute cooking cycle i pull the plate out. steam billowing out the crack between the two plates. i put aloe vera on the end of my finger and it feels like little tiny snow angels grinding up against my finger, so gud.
A friend's pvc pipe got lodged in the front tire of his truck. He was stuck between the truck and a barbed wire fence on the passenger side. A friend called her cousin, who brought a jeep and a chain to help him get out. He escaped with just as many scratches as the truck.
My boyfriend is in my school's marching band. sports are huge at my university and tickets sell out very, very quickly. boyfriend was really wanting me to get a student sports package which guarantees you seats so i can watch him in the band this year. turns out the last day you could buy one was ten days ago. i'm really kicking myself.
My dad was recently cheated on by his wife and so i greeted him this morning with a nice cup of coffee and a question of how did his dick taste? i asked him if his dick tasted like his wife. he said yes. i then asked him how his wife felt about him.
i was at the local county fair in the lovely county of adams in wisconsin. i was there to enjoy the fair, help out and have a wonderful day. later in the afternoon, i found myself in the rabbit, chicken, duck, goose and dairy barn.  i was behind a row of rabbit cages with my cousin, which bordered up to the wooden fence divider between the rabbits and dairy cows.  this beautiful heifer decided she wanted to poke her head through to the rabbit side for what i thought, was to get a good scratch behind the ears, and on her bump. she however, had other thoughts. she was just interested in getting the bucket of water
My wife found out that my 14-year-old son was watching porn on her computer. He was grounded for the night, but we had sex that night. He left behind a porn trace because he doesn't use incognito windowns. He will still go to ice cream with me tomorrow.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. This is a story about a time when my mom walked in on me jerking off. My mom just staggered out of the room and went out somewhere. we haven't spoken all night. i fucked up. hard.edit: my mom just gave me the acceptance speech.
 "i'm looking to be in the best shape of my life come wedding day! "  "oh! but you play sport, don't you? so you'll be getting in shape for that too? "  "i'm on track to being the most muscly i've ever been, i should peak around honeymoon time! "
i was sitting in the cafeteria at my college when i felt a particularly big cough coming on. instantly i realized i had shat my pants. while some may have been embarrassed, i was actually quite excited. after spending so much time reading about people who shat them selves, you start to wonder what it feels like.  well, now i know.
The video was filmed at a house party in London. The video was shot in the middle of the night by a group of friends and family members. It is the first time in the video that i have been able to capture the moment when i was attacked by 3 cats. i am so happy to be able to share this video.
i am currently working at a temp agency until my full-time job landscaping can start (it's because of the bad weather up here in ontario). i went to the temp job yesterday from 3pm-11pm. i told them i'd be fine to work from 7am-3pm the next day. i decided i'd stay up since i had slept until 1:30pm yesterday. well, for some reason... i showed up to work at 6:30am, sat in my car for 30 minutes, and then decided i'm going home. now i have to register with another temp agency, and what's worse, i must find a new place to live since
i went to go study with a friend outdoors. there are these nice chairs and small tables on a raised terrace. i sat down, and realized that the chair was a bit small for my hips. i shifted my weight around, but felt a tear. i check my belt loop, and it had ripped at the bottom seam and created a hole in my pants.
i tried to do a little preventative maintenance of my own. i didn't think to put the flap back on before i did it. coke spilled into the cells and i immediately knew that that probably was not supposed to happen. there wasn't even that much coke in there, but apparently it was enough to kill my battery.
i really doubt most people knew it was a joke, so i just try to play along and make sure to laugh a lot. can tifu offer some advice as to what to do tomorrow? i really don't want to be known as the midget porn guy for the next year and half.
i live with my boyfriend. our toilet is broken and we have to manually fill it up. i had to take a dump soooo bad, so i waited til he was sleeping. i do the deed and flush. suddenly, every tap in the house starts vibrating. so i started frantically running around turning all the taps on. it didn't flush. so what do i do?? i wrap my hands in toilet paper, after checking my bf was still sleeping, and i grab the giant shit. it literally felt like a subway six inch that had been filled with too much meat. it was heavy. and long. and hard.
A friend of mine gave blood at her school's blood drive. After she finished, she was dizzy and passed out. Her friend had to be carried to the nurse's office. The girl ended up in detention for going into the girls bathroom. The blood drive ended up being a bad idea.
i was still a virgin and kind of frustrated about it. when i thought i came i actually peed in her fucking mouth, no shit. never spoke to her since and sometimes when i see her mother, she gives me this weird look. i don't know if she knows...
i was in my parents dining room on my laptop screwing around on facebook. i noticed my ex had posted a couple of pictures and decided to have a quick look. as i was about to finish i realized i hadn't gotten any toilet paper and wasn't wearing any socks so i had no other choice than to let loose on the carpet. 10 minutes later, my dad walks in. he stepped right on my man juices and immediately asked  "what the fuck is this "? i said it was water.. water?? really? how fucking retarded of a person can i be to come up with water. he has never mentioned this after that night and to this day, i am still unsure if he
My boss had a stroke. he was hospitalized today. while a coworker was explaining his status i had my ear buds in and was laughing hysterically like a hyena. at adviceanimals.com. i was laughing like ahyena. i had no idea what was going on. i thought it was a joke.
i orgasmed so hard i chipped a tooth. what the hell is wrong with me. i was masturbating, and had a giant orgasm that made me clench m teeth really hard.my tooth felt weird, and apparently, i chipping it. now it hurts and my tooth is crooked.
i ripped the shirt around the chest area about good 3~4 inches. ugh it was my only light purple color shirt. in a process of it this morning, i ripped the Shirt around thechest area aboutgood 3~3 inches. i was trying to get a picture of the shirt to post on my blog.
i feel like there has been an influx of  "this happened x amount of time ago but anyway.... " type post. while these stories can be interesting it's not something that you did today or hell even in the past couple weeks. when the story happened 3 years ago there's then no room for discussions like  "well what are you gonna do now? " or  "you can fix it by _____ " because it happened sooooo long ago we already know the result.
 "i now will forever hate that song "  "i am 22 years old and in college "  "My car is at the shop "  "I'm glad you came " is a song my sister started singing to me.  "thats what your mom said last night " she smacked me.
Every day i drive to a park and ride, which is about 2 miles away from my place. well this morning as i was leaving, i left my keys on the counter and locked the door on the way out. it was both my car keys and my condo keys and i had no way back in. my wife had left for work 5 minutes earlier; i tried calling her and she didn't answer.  u00a0so i decided to walk...not three steps down the stairs i felt a fart coming on...i let it out slowly because i haven't been feeling great lately, andi felt a wet juicy fart slip out of my cheeks, only it wasn't just a fart it was
i got up all groggy n shit, was all like  "shit, i gotta pee. cool, i dont have a boner " i sit down, with my good posture and a halfy goin on, i peed right through the gap and into my pajama pants. that hasnt happened since i was in grade school. i would've gotten mad if i wasnt so tired.
 "i was working on a project with a girl in my class and we've developed a great connection "  "The project finished the day before and i was starting to make more physical contact between us "  "I get wasted, she comes over, i get wasted....wake up the next morning with a different girl inMy bed and her ignoring my calls "
Aged 14, a friend of mine dislocated his knee cap while sitting in a pile of chairs. He was taken to hospital in an ambulance with a dislocated knee cap. After a month on crutches, a knee brace and physiotherapy, his knee was released from its self-induced prison.
 "i read tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam. today i fucked up by reading tifi while i was studying for my exam "  "i'm not a good reader. i don't like to read. i like to listen to music "
i was at my girl's house today and her parents left to go watch a game. so i decide to move in and start putting my hand down in her pants, i finger her and she starts moaning. as she was moaning i looked around and i see her brother pass by me, i stare at him for a quick second and he walks back into his room, she looks at me and we stop. i have him for classes and it's going to be really awkward for him knowing i fingered his sister at his house.
 "I have to be out by the end of the month... dirty sex toys were found, and i have to have them removed, " he says.  "I have no idea what's in them, but they're not good, " he adds.  "They look like they could be used as a sex toy, " the man adds.
The story was told by a boy who was in grade 6 or 7. He was at a remembrance day assembly when he let out a huge-ass fart. He says he was trying to hold it in, but the song ended and there was no way to call it back. The boy also says he started laughing.
i got a windows 7 ultimate disc and decided i should upgrade and start fresh. i decide that i will keep all my files (about 400 gigs) so i brought my laptop to school to hook up to one of the extra hard drives. so get to school and whats the first thing my dumbass self does? put the installation disc in and format the whole hard drive without backing up. so now i have lost all my videos, half finished projects, notes and school work.
 "i didn't wash my hands after. some friends of mine convinced me to play catch with them, but we didn't have a ball, so one of the kids found a sharpie "  "now that i think about it, the pen did smelllike ass, but i thought all black sharpies smell like ass "  "my god, this is just like the time we found all those balloons "
Me and my girlfriend were laying in my bed at my parents house relaxing (long distance relationship so things heat up fast) and naturally we start fooling around. Right as she has my steve johnson in her hand and getting close, in barges my step-mom with papers to sign for school. There we were... pants undone and my little-big man 2 inches from my girlfriends face,  we all made eye contact.
i woke up extremely tired, looking for a way to wake my self up (i don't go back to sleep easily, so i decided to wake up instead). i chose food (what else!?)so i went to the kitchen, poured some cereal into a bowl and got a cup, got out the milk and juice (i have the same god damn thing every day), and poured the milk into the cup and the juice on the cereal. i didn't notice until i put the first mouthful in my mouth, and actually liked it. won't do it again though, as it was a ridiculous amount of juice.
A girl at my school dropped a tissue. She said,  "no, you don't have to do that " before realizing what it was. She had a cold or whatever and had been blowing her schnozz all morning. i managed to prevent any further embarrassment by not actually touching her snot.
 "i seriously advise everyone who does smoke, to do everything to avoid this.. and if you try to drink it all on a bet, you will regret it and you will puke "  "i was still  "shocked " about what had just happened and wondering why i still felt the cold, grimy, nasty-ass taste had started to feel like a lump in my throat "
 "i'm just done with men for a while. i don't feel anything and my only reaction to this whole thing was to clean my room and wash my sheets in a fervor "  "i'm not sure if i really fucked up today but u2026 it would have been nice to at least have *tried* to make things work instead of leaving things off on such a sour note. c'est la vie "
A family has contacted me to paint a portrait of their grandmother who is dying. The last line of my email to them was  "do i have a deadline? " i've never wanted an email to come back more. i just wish i had used a different word. i feel like an insensitive jerk.
Some of you may remember this post from 4 months ago, (tripping in gym class and kising a girl by accident). well, she (emily) and i (mark) are still going strong, we've been on about 15 dates, kissed numerous times, and, (can't belive i'm saying this) she put out once. this was all thanks to one redditor, (i cant remember his name) he was the one that gave me the courage to ask her out.
i showed my mom my tumblr blog today. after seeing my blog she wanted to make her own. oh my goodness, my mom will be able to see my blog and all the pictures of half naked men in that i have posted over the past few months. i closed my computer and immediately proceeded to try and convince her against it.
i literally held my phone in my hands as the voltage fried my motherboard and the screen turned black, never to turn on again. i found a couple of speakers in an old bin, and one with the audio output still intact with an auxiliary headphone cable. we decided to play around with them a bit and see if we could mount them on our boat.
i took a wee wee and got some piss dribbles on me hands and when i went to wash my hands i forgot bout those urine droplets and i cusped my hands together to get a drink, allowing for my leak and my wawa to mix and run down my throat. hey bitches. today i had a fucks ups cause i took a pee wee andgot some piss driplets on me Hands. weeeeeeeeeeeee.eeeeeeeeee
My sisters boyfriend sexually assaulted me in my sleep. i knew no one would react well, but i told them anyway. now my little sister hates me because she thinks i tried to seduce her boyfriend because he told her i did and he rejected me. my other family think i had a ptsd reaction or did what he said i did. my boyfriends a porn addcit who is probably going to dump me soon.
i've liked this girl for a while, and she wants to text me over break. she puts the number in my sketchbook on wednesday. today is thursday, last day. i have my other sketchbook, but not the one she wrote on. i've done a similar thing with a ticket to a school play! i don't learn!
i seldom go to starbucks but today i decided i should go, well inner me decides,  "hey! lets get a frappucino! "  i'm lactose intolerant and coffee usually upsets my stomach, but hey i really wanted to go to try the new hazelnut frappe and this totally escaped my mind. just because hey i'm thirsty! so i order it and drink it, shockingly for the first time in a while it didnt upset my stomach. so i go on about my day and go to the library for a couple of hours, leave campus and went to my local grocery store to buy lunch. i finally feel a rumble and start feeling cramps
The two of them have been texting for a few weeks. The text messages were sent to my brother's computer. My brother saw the text and opened it to see what it was about. It was a message about how horny the two of us were for each other. The two have been dating for about a year.
i dropped my phone, cracking the inner screen (which means it won't work anymore), and in addition, there was a break in the motherboard of the phone. a few days prior to this, i've been working on my computer, because it wouldn't boot into bios properly, and i threw my phone in a fit of rage. it flew towards the computer whose case was open from yesterday, and my phone slammed into the 660ti graphics card. i'm currently typing this from my xbox 360, phoneless, computerless, and alone. :(
My cat likes to sit on my toilet as i'm showering. probably because he likes how warm the bathroom gets. and my house had (or has in this instance) a mouse. fortunately it was a small nick, bled a little and stung like a bitch. can't imagine how terrible it would be if it were any bigger. i'm not letting my cat sit on the toilet when i shower anymore.
We're not talking about women. We're talking about men. Men. Men are. bitches, man. Men can't be trusted. Women can be bitches. Men, however, can be women. Women are women. Men cannot be men. They are men.
i was watching my little cousin fiddling around on my moms ipad, just playing games and the usual until he stumbled across bachelor party photos. my cousin is only 3 years old, so he understands none of that, i quickly snatch up the ipad and replace it with mine. i go to the living room and i hear a loud bang. my ipad was on the floor and it wasn't broken but the screen was veeery dark.
i got pretty drunk, went to a club and had a great st paddys day. i left the club at about 2am and ended up fucking about outside for a while with my friends. i had to get a bus at 2.30am so i had 30 minutes to kill. the bus was on the other side of a waist high, stone wall. i could have walked round it but no, i wanted to jump over it. jumped. foot slipped, and my leg went straight down onto a pointy rock. i didnt want to go to hospital so i just flicked blood at everyone on the bus for the craic. i love st patricks day!
After a few drinks and a blunt (we are both ents), my boyfriend and i decided to  "do the dirty " since its been a few days. we were getting really into it when he decides he wants to do anal again. i'm not a big fan but we have done it before and he knows to be gentle so i said why not. all of a sudden i felt a fart rumbling through.....then it happened, it was more than a fart. we both stopped and i asked sheepishly if there was a mess, he said no then promptly ran to the bathroom. when he came out of the shower i ran in the bathroom almost in tears and showered as well
i swallowed a prozac capsule with some water and things seemed fine. about 10 minutes later, i burped and what looked like *smoke* puffed out of my mouth. i was alarmed, but then remembered the pill i had taken. i'm guessing it became lodged in my throat somewhere and dissolved.
i bought a tablet because i was moving, and planning to keep my gaming computer in a public area. the intent was for the tablet to be, primarily, a medium for streaming porn to private parts of the house where i could enjoy it and not be creepy with porn in the living room.anyway, she and i play together in a band. i play bass, she plays flute. at practice last night i handed her my tablet so she could look up sheet music for a piece we're working on. i notice this look of amusement on her face as she opens the browser but it doesn't hit me until she hands it back...it opened to my last session.
 "i help out and dump it out for her before she finished, making it lighter "  "michael (the manger) told me i owe you a hug and a kiss for helping me "  "i'm an anxious, never-been-kissed and never had a real girlfriend virgin "
My step-fathers half mexican daughter is coming to ohio tomorrow to see her father for the first time in her life. Since i was going to be the first person she sees at 10 am tomorrow morning i thought i would shave my head and all of my facial hair except for a hitler mustache and completely act like it was normal and this is how i look all the time. however i definitely would say that i screwed up hardcore and this isn't going to a good convo at all...fml.
i applied mosquito repellent on my skin to not to be distracted by stings. after roughly 15 minutes the burning started. i thought, it must be an allergy. oh well, gonna get some anti-allergen pills and everything will be fine. nope, after half a hour the burning still continued to incapacitate me. time to head to shower - there i would get my relief. nooooope.
i went to the shops are bought myself some chocolate milk. as i was drinking some, my little sister comes up to me and says  "give me some milk " i said  "no, get your own milk. "  "please? "  "no ". she the got really pissed off, walked into the kitchen and grabbed a bowl and smashed it on the floor. i went up to the shards and called for my mum, just as my little sis grabs one of the shards are stabs me in the arm.
It's my birthday today and i'm skimming the edge of life right now. i've got two bald tires on my car and one has a slow leak. at least i have a car that runs. my wages were just garnished by the state to the tune of 25% of each paycheck for the next 4 months in order to pay taxes i couldn't pay a couple of years ago (my own damn fault) i'm surviving by the skin of my teeth and it's a rough go but not as rough as the brothers and sisters i see living on the street.
i decided to get a late night snack in the dark, so i grabbed a hotdog bun from the package. in hindsight, it did feel a little stale, but i'll get to that later. i stop and examine it in my phone's light, and lo and behold, it wasn't stale, there was some mold on it!
i forgot to get my mother a gift on mothers day and i though it would be fine. although what i did forget to also do is even say happy mothers day to her. i'm mad at myself that i even stopped this low. it's not that i don't like her i just forget things really easily.
i woke up around 10, and as i walk out my room, i stretch and whack my left elbow against the door frame. i notice my pet dog (freya) is laying down just over a meter away from the bottom of the staircase and it currently sleeping. i decide to say hello to her by landing next to her (i was half asleep) instantly i regret this as my left arm gives out completely, and i go flying down the stairs and land on top of freya.
i got shitface drunk last might. on my way home i decided to stop in an alley and take a piss. i figured it would be a good idea to take a picture and post it to facebook seeing it was going to be spring. i stood there for about 20 minutes snaping pics of my urine. i eventually gave up and decided to head hom when i realise there's a man standing there watching me.
i didn't even realize until i noticed there were no urinals. when i walked out, i saw a girl i know about to walk in. i just muttered  "wrong bathroom " and quickly walked to the men's. embarrassing as fuck. (this actually happened yesterday, but whatever)
i was driving to meet my father and uncle at bojangles on a cold wednesday morning. Instead of looking for a tissue or receipt or something related, my dumbass rolls down the window and spits. i spin out and somehow narrowly miss the cars heading toward me. i ended up going back home to shower and changing clothes.
This happened a few years back so i know its not today, but its my cake day and i do what i want. i was working with a few good friends and this girl lets call her cathy. now cathy has burns on about 90% of her body which is very unfortunate, but cathy is also a huge bitch. so in my blatant ignorance i said  "i hope you burn yourself "
The card did not want to come out and so i had to get a member of staff to help me out. The machine was out of order for a while as the paper had been chewed up inside the machine. i went to a different atm and got my money out. It ended up only being a minor inconvenience, but your heart sinks when your card doesn't come out haha.
This morning i walked into my school all happy and shit and saw my ex,sitting by the wall. like the nice person i am i walked over to say hi and ask her how her morning was going. that was my first mistake. apparently our 4 month seperation and she still holds it against me, so she decides to kick me in the fuckin' dick. i instantly call her a bitch, and there, of couse, was a teacher right behind me....the teacher gave me a warning and walked away. i then decides i wasn't done cussing her out and continued to tell her how stupid and ho like she was. yet again the same teacher was behind
After much pleading with my girlfriend i was able to convince her to have special sexy times. i get into position and angle everything towards her neck so it can easily be cleaned up afterwards. and then it happened. i ejaculated but, it took this mysterious unexplainable angle. instead of going straight out and to her neck, it went up and it had this stunning arching angle that ended up landing right straight in the middle of her eye. that's right, i came right in her eye with an angle that would not allow me to do that!
Electrician at failing electrical company. Due to lack of work my boss decided to let me have a easy/boring week of stripping the insulation of a bunch of cable. After 2-3 days of this the blade of my stanley knife was becoming rather blunt and was having to use more force than necessary. so, i replace the blade and start stripping again using the same force as the old blade. suddenly something didn't feel quite right, there is no pain, just the sense something is 'missing'
i bartend and around 2:30am last saturday night, i reached down for a whiskey bottle (f u fireball!) and didn't realize it was broken as i grabbed it. Ended up with ten stitches in my ring finger on my right (dominant!!) hand... i couldn't do anything for all of last week.
After practice, the coach went home and said he didn't feel good. The coach's son committed suicide last season, and it was a big hit to the whole team. The team was picking their numbers, and i was running out of time before practice so i just chose one of the few open ones. After practice, i realized that i had messed up.
i bought new glasses a year ago and new lenses into my old frame at considerable cost, subsidized by insurance. i figured i wouldn't need vision care for at least another year, so i did not renew coverage january 1.now i have spots and other freaky things in my vision.
i'm from the midwest and i've never paid a toll that was higher than maybe $4. i've made the drive up i95 as far north as baltimore all the way down to ga and i knew there weren't any tolls until i went under the harbor and that one was only a few bucks. i have taken cross country road trips alone with 4 kids since they were babies and have never once felt as stupid and incapable as i did then.
Once upon a time i stuck a sewing needle into a syringe to use as a prop for a drawing i was doing. kept it in case i wanted to do something else with it.months later i'm cleaning/reorganizing the upstairs of the house (i have free reign of the 3 rooms + bathroom) so things are haphazardly thrown in piles. my mother comes upstairs to do laundry and i guess the prop syringe was on top of a pile... right next to the hamper.
i was hanging out with a friend at a school dance, and a ping-pong ball rolled our way from a nearby table. i picked it up and gave it to my friend because she wanted to hold it for some reason. she looked at me before throwing the ball and yelling,  "fetch! " playing along, i ran after the ball. i wanted to look cool so flopped to the floor and slid towards the ping- pong ball on my stomach. All was fine and dandy until my body slid over my hand and bent my fingers backwards.
An older man called technical support for a cable company. He was confused about how to use the new windows 8 operating system. I remotely accessed his computer and showed him how to navigate it. Half of the tabs he had open were porn, including a  "daddy daughter massage play "
i was trimming around my ears with my beard trimmer that has an adjustable length attachment, it adjusted from #4 to #1 and now i look like just bieber. i was triming around his ears with his beard trimmers that has a adjustable length attachments. It adjusted from  u00a0#4 to  u00a0 u2018#1 u2019 and now I look like  u00a0just biebers.
This week, the money my parents gave me for college went away faster than usual, because i had to buy some groceries on my apartment that i didn u00b4t account for. Now, i dont have a debit card so i can't get money from my savings that easily. so naturally i don't tell anything to my parents about me running out of money. i try to solve the situation myself by asking my friend to lend me some money, which i end up missmanaging, and by friday morning i had only enough money to return to my apartment and thats it. as i was pretty much bankrupt and had to attend to some classes s Saturday morning, i give up and end up
 "i have weird fetishes. i'm the first to admit that. i came, many, many times. i fell asleep after cumming during a really intense, really detailed sex scene. i woke up to my mother perched at the side of my bed. holding my laptop. which, last i knew, had said kinky detailed intense sex scene on it involving me, a woman with six lactating breasts, with the body and face of an anthropomorphic dog, and a dick that could more appropriately be called a third leg "
i was playing halo 4 at my friends house. we played like 5 matches, and i had been doing horribly. last 20 seconds and im tied with my friend who is sitting there split screening with me. i win by a kill. i get so excited and all of us are cheering that i kick the xbox over. it makes a weird humming noise and we wait like 10 seconds before unplugging it.
i thought it would be funny to rip a huge one before we leave to see if the smell would still stay in the truck until after the movie, i really didnt need to so i tried to force one out! and boom... a big ass shart!!! i had the most embarrassing face on, my friend and brother asked me what was wrong and i told them what happened. we were late for the movie because i had to take a pitstop at starbucks bathroom. it took me a good 25 minutes to wipe up, throw away my boxers, and do anything else to clean myself up. i couldnt do anything about the smell tho. and when i was done, i opened
i was so confused and disoriented the seat didn't feel right. the wheel didn't have the familiar hand groves worn into the faux leather cover. it just felt wrong. i almost cried because i honestly thought i was having a stroke or something. but i knew i had to get home as i had the car, so no one could come to my rescue.
 moderators apologize for not updating the fuck up of the week. We will do our best to stay on top of one of the key components of our community. congratulations and condolences to our newest fuck up, [disgruntled_fridge], who is no longer a member of tifu.
i'm so lost right now. freaking out that this person has all my bank info, tax info,. i fuck up big time. please help. i tried contacting gmail and yahoo about retrieving the email. that fail. i'm solost right now, freaking out.
Because my nails are super thick and i have scissors instead of clippers, i tend to forget clipping them every now and then. because my only pair of sneakers squeezes the hell out of my toes, i'm going to have to wear flip flops in fourty degree weather. probably should've mentioned that.
 "i was texting an obese, not so attractive male associate of mine. i instantly told the attractive female what the situation was, she laughed, of course, at what had happened "  "i still have yet to reply to the male associates of mine in fear of the awkwardness that has ensued "
 childhood hero might be a huge overstatement, but man do i feel rotten. i'd been talking to merle allin for the past 3 months (the late gg allin's brother / guitarist for the murder junkies) and i completely offended him with a lame joke about him looking like dale gribble when he was younger. we were going to hang out in may because he's staying in my hometown at a house blocks away from me.
i'm not big on taco bell, but i had a great lunch at arby's. i'm still getting cramps, so i'm using paper towels to write this. i have no idea how long it will take me to finish this post. i hope it's not too long.
i'm bi, and she doesn't know that. i'm more sexually attracted to men, but i have more of an emotional attraction to her. i decided i want to show her a new song that i found that i figure she would like. on iphone, if you double tab the home button, the multitask pane pops up. usually, when i double tap it, it goes to the music player. not paying attention, i pressed where the play button usually is. instead of hitting play, i bring up my tumblr (where i have my porn). suddenly, my screen is filled with bear (big hairy men, not the animal) cock. i panicked and closed
The girl threw my burrito at me because she didn't like how i dated her friend. She's manager at the burrito place, so she doesn't get in trouble. The girl and I aren't friends, and she hates me. She threw the food at me over the counter.
i was tailgating a man who was driving like a retard on a two lane road. When he cut me off, i knocked a mirror off the car in front of him. The driver was cool and only wanted $50 for the broken mirror. i got him to sign a non-formal contract saying that i paid for the mirror.
i used to go to the gym lots in high school. i was on the football team, and it was a basic requirement. fast forward five years, and while i'm not fat, i'm definitely not in shape. so, i found a gym by my house, got a three month pass and went for my first workout today. i figured i'd warm up on the treadmill for about ten minutes, so i jump on and boost the speed up to 5.0. then, it hits me like a ton of bricks. i feel like i'm gliding through the gym as i make my way to the water fountain. i can't control it; i throw up in the water
The harddrive on my laptop failed. I lost 3 physics programs, a personal finance spreadsheet, and 1000+ backpacking photos. All my hours from my tutoring jobs are gone. i have no motivation to rebuild anything. i'm sitting at my laptop with a new harddrive and i don't even have the motivation to change my wall papers.back up your motherfucking data. i learned the hard way so you don't.
i work as sales in a manufacturing/distributing company that sells paper and plastic products. long story short, a distributor contacts me and is interested in spoons, requests prices, i give, and then orders. he gives me a card over email, which i should've suspected, but i didn't since it was a large amount of $$ and i'm based on commission. i try the card, and it works! we do two other transactions throughout the month, each card is under a different name and address... it all clears.today i am told the company that i've been working with is a fraud company, all the credit cards I've been using were stolen, and all
i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. i tried to pay for it myself because i knew i'd have no support from my parents - but my card was declined each time i tried. instead now i have to wait another year to apply while i'm a freshman in uni.
i've recently been fighting a case of the flu, but have luckily started to feel better over the past few days. seeing that i've been eating some pretty mild food, i had a hankering for something spicy. i ordered it all: some biriani, tikka, garlic naan, lentils; the works. i even washed it down with a king fischer.
Drinked two pills that were on my bedside table next to a bottle of water. Took them twice over the past week for some obvious bowel problems, and i have no idea what possessed me to take them while drunk. They started working around the time i was to board my flight... *sigh*
This past sunday i said one the dumbest things. i had asked if her sister was single and whatnot, i pretty much just asked that in general because i thought my sister and hers where not friends anymore. i tried to say my bad and apologize but it was busy. as i left she said in a joking way from what i could tell that she was going to tell her. i know it's not that bad sounding to most but i don't let stupid thoughts like that get out, i normally dismiss them and now i feel like the creepy guy.
i was lazy, irresponsible, and loose with my money. i let my bills pile up, forgetting to pay them until they got too big to pay off on my own. i checked to see if i could get a loan to pay my bills off, just to get started. each place i went to told me  "your credit is shit, come back when you fix it ". and i can't fix it without a loan. it's a great vicious circle that i was afraid of slipping into, yet i went ahead and did it. i'm sorry, mother & father. this is all 100% my responsibility.
The truck is ok, had to drain the gas tank and change all the gas filters. it ended up costing $350 that's a lot less then a completely blown engine that i was expecting. update: after about 2 hours of awkward silence he started making fun of me then bought me a sandwich. then we both chuckled over lunch at how dumb i am.
I'm very disappointed. [very disappointed.] I don't know what to do with myself. I've been through so much. I can't think of anything to do. I just want to go to bed. I'm so tired. I feel like I'm going to throw up.
i have a tendency to get really, really bored at work - because we have long periods of downtime. on my way in yesterday morning, i knew i had to drop a deuce, so i figured i'd hold it til after work to get me through the day. about 10am, i'm staring at the clock waiting for my next task to be ready. a minute later my boss nudges my arm and tells me to go home and get some sleep - i had fallen asleep watching the clock.
 headsooth is a chapstick like device which you apply to your forehead when you have a headache. It gives a deep cold/burning sensation which isn't pleasant and the best of times. The pain was unbearable, i thought i was going to pass out. i felt like i needed to piss, shit and just die all at once.
i drive a 97 ford with a little 4 cylinder engine. i manage to get that thing to almost 50 mph in about a block and a half. then, to top it off, i didn't have current insurance cards. did i mention that it was a 25 mph zone? good news is, only got 195 for 20 over. took my word on the insurance problem.
A friend asked to see the girl was i was talking to. i copied the link to a bikini pic and sent it.... to her. i said it was  "weird " and  "i could probably explain it if i looked at the code " which is an awful cover but i'm a cs major and she's technologically challenged so she usually just trusts me on tech-related stuff.
i got sick, i started a new job, life was generally being shitty and in the way. i agreed that i really did need to get back on it and go back to working out. i had lost my old lock but i had the one from my locker at my last job so i just brought that with me. i show up, get changed, and work out. when i get done with my workout, i go back in the locker room, grab my soap, a towel, and underwear, lock my locker and go shower.
i'm thrown from the train because it isn't going anywhere anymore. twaddle out right into a random pond. i suddenly, somehow, am at home. my **home** is where my parents live roughly 500 miles from campus. the next lecture starts in 4 hours.
i was chatting on google hangout with my long distance boyfriend and a mutual friend. we were just chatting when the friend had to go run an errand. while he was gone i took the opportunity to show my boyfriend a really cute dress i bought recently. when i was done i started to change. i heard my boyfriend's voice say  "uh... mrsbbk? " and i turned to look at the screen. they were both sitting there and in the window of my own webcam i could see that i was fully visible. i swore and dived out of view, and carefully, carefully finished dressing.
i did some nude photography/modeling a few years back, and while i love the pieces i did and do not regret them in the slightest, i don't particularly want seeing my friends, especially male friends, seeing me nude. i was browsing reddit, and noticed a familiar photo. it was an old photo of me that someone had posted to gonewildplus.
The video was created by a group of students at the University of California, San Diego. It was created to celebrate the university's 50th anniversary. The video was uploaded to YouTube on November 6, 2013. It has been viewed more than 100,000 times since then.
i was fixing my fantasy football line up. my league has a longstanding tradition of poking fun at each other in some seriously vulgar ways. i noticed the team avatar of my friend was a picture of his opponent (another close mutual friend) making out with the largest ham planet i have ever seen. i absolutely lost it.
i intend to study a masters degree this year for which i need to get a bank loan to fund it. i applied for the loan which is specifically designed for those wishing toStudy a masters. i have now been told i was rejected from getting the loan because my credit rating is too low. this means i cannot fund, and therefore cannot study, the masters which starts this week. this loan was also supposed to pay for my rent and bills which i am behind on.
My boss was in a meeting all day so i let the horny-ness get the best of me. i pulled up pictures of my boyfriend's dong and i knew i just had to slip my pants down to mid-thigh level. just the seam of the pants touching there made me come. my 68-year-old boss turned on by my masturbation/orgasm. he then went into the bathroom for a few minutes, and we haven't exchanged words since the incident.
i'm not fond of spiders, not in the slightest, and my family immediately cast the responsibility of killing this behemoth to me. i put the broomstick up to the wall, start crushing it slowly, and yell  "die ni**a " basically as loud as i could. i just sat down and put my head in my hands. i live in an apartment and am sure as fuck that my neighbors heard me and now think i'm a grand wizard.
i tried to date him towards the end of our thing (~6 mos ago) and he skipped around it a lot, so i dropped him and started sleeping with someone else. right after that happened, he decided he wanted to date me. throughout the whole 4 months i slept with the other guy, t was texting me telling me he missed me. he recently just got over texting me... but when he came this weekend, i realized i missed him and wanted to hang out with him a little more. i ended up taking him home and we did the deed. probably a bad idea in the long run... seeing as he will probably want to be with me and i don't want anything right
i found a lighter in the bottom of the machine as i was switching the load over. dropped it on top of the dryer, and continued to switch the laundry. as i tried to replace the lint trap i knocked the previously found lighter into the hole and cursed loudly as it dropped to the bottom.my poor boyfriend had to pull thedryer out from the wall and take half the thing apart to find the damned thing.
This will ^hopefully be the most disgusting, embarrassing thing that i will ever post. My mother in-law just got new, expensive chairs before the family visits for the holidays. i am sitting in one of the new chairs when i feel a little sture of nature encroaching upon my stink wrinkles. Instead of the dainty lady like poot i was expecting, i got a eruption that came forth from the debts of hell.
My little brother asked me to replace in the batteries in one of his toys that he said wasn't working. i got 2 of the big d-cell batteries that my brother's toys use. being the dumbass that i am, i decided to wrap them in aluminum foil and put them in the fridge. the copious amounts of aluminum foil i had put around the battery shorted it out, and it kind of, well, exploded.
 "i had never been sick from alcohol until the first night. i went to a place then that i never want to go to again. if i had a gun, i would have shot myself immediately "  "i wanted to die if it stopped my being this goddamn drunk. i wanted to cry "
i had recently passed a macroeconomics course i had failed the last semester so i thought everything was golden. i got to my 1:30pm final and begin talking to the guy who sits next to me...who just happens to be in my class with the paper final i thought was due tomorrow. so, i effectively have failed a class with my favorite professor. i'm just waiting for the damage but i've already accepted the worst. i also almost got hit by a car twice today.
The setup starts on sunday when i need to piss. i had bought and finished a bottle of grapefruit juice and decided to use the bottle and toss it in the trash later. i keep all the drinks i buy near my chair for easy access when im gaming or using my pc. so i forgot to throw it out and it sat there near my water bottle and my actual half full grapefruitjuice i had. So on monday, its 6 am and im in near pitch black darkness, i lazily roll over to reach for the juice because i'm thirsty and take a swig. i felt nauseous the rest of today.
i had a friend over this weekend. and we saw some wine. now keep in mind, i'm 16. we decided to start taking shots of scotch after drinking like 5 glasses of wine each. i came to school today hungover as fuck. fml.
finished a three-hour final in 50 minutes. send toilet paper and pepto bismol. had myself a nice 16 oz. bottle of starbucks iced coffee to wash down the bland breakfast. enjoyed it to the last drop. i'm not a coffee drinker.
i've been studying my butt off for the last week, as has everyone else on campus. as this week has loomed closer, my anxiety has reached new heights. last night, i finally turned in at 1:30, as i was crashing and not being productive. set the alarm for 7, fade to black. this morning, i woke up disoriented at 8:20, obviously having missed my alarm.  i bolt out of bed in a split second, screw the coat and hat, gotta get my ass to class.
 "One small fuck-up can change your whole life. it was a small receipt but damn, it contained my tuition fee which my parents could only rely on. and now my parents cannot pay my tuition fees, i also cannot have the exam tomorrow. hell maybe i could not even graduate from this shitty high school "
My grandmother is not an avid user of the internet, but i am. i implored her to change to a shaped plan. she refused, because technology is scary. if she had just taken my advice, i wouldn't be writing this post. this actually happened a while ago, but so did everything else on this sub.
A friend bought a 16-inch black dildo to beat people up with. The dildo fell out of use and ended up in the trunk of his car. His father hasn't said anything about the dildo and he won't say anything about it when he dies.
i was taking my computer science final at 7:30 in the morning on a saturday. before leaving home i brew some tea, stick it in my thermos, and out the door i go. being the clutz i am i knock over the thermos and tea begins to pour all over my test. luckily i reacted quickly. to save my test from further damage i kicked away the therMos in a panic. it wasn't a little kick though, nope i punted that motherfucker away from my test and onto some poor girl's lap, soaking her test in the process.  After retrieving my damn cup i turned my test into the tas who thought the situation
i took a girl i was dating to a party my coworker's boyfriend was throwing. she was sitting on my lap and complained about how sore she was. for some reason, i kissed her on the mouth. all of a sudden, shit spirals. my girl was pissed and couldn't speak to me.
A few weeks ago i got a call from a particularly drunken and high z who wanted to do themselves in so i spent that night making sure they were okay. After that night, everything was perfectly fine until 3 weeks later when this sentence was said  "i will always appreciate you. you are one of the best people i know... i fucking hate you! you are a prick. i hope you die! " and they ran off. now z, along with family and friends is wanting to finish me off for chatting shit.
i am so embarrassed. luckily the owner of the other dog was a chill dude.  but i will most likely see him again because we live in the same apartment complex. i can understand why she is antisocial (towards dogs)  never thought she would take it this far though.
A nofap went on a 2nd date with a girl from okcupid. She invited him over to her roommate's house to play board games. While he was sleeping, he had a dream that he had jizzed all over her guest room bed. He decided to run out to his car, leave and never return.
The girl i love & who loved me was in the midst of the toughest 2 years anyone has gone through. Despite doing everything i could think of to keep our relationship strong, she lost many of those feelings for me. she needed to rip off some band aids to take back control of her own life, and i was one of those band aids. think it's painful when you rip off a band aid? well, imagine what it feels like to be the band aid.
i was parked at a spot on the side of the road. as i signaled and went forward maybe about 2 or 3 feet (i did not steer out of my lane because i could go straight forward) i noticed a bus come up on my left getting really close so i immediately stopped. however, the bus kept getting closer and closer and i soon realized it was trying to turn right into the intersection in front of me. to my horror, it just kept going and crushed the left front side of my car plus tore off my mirror completely. i didn't even have time to honk. this isn't actually all that exciting but since it was my first accident and i was hoping to have
My mate is a really good friend of mine. Accidentally got her pregnant as well. don't have the guts to tell my mate. she was pretty drunk and at our party. didn't realize who she was at first since it was dark, but hooked up with her in the laundry room.
 "Vaxu3un.com " is a website that allows users to send in photos of themselves. The site is called Vaxu.com.
He ran up to me and said,  "hi my name is dave wig... wigg.. wuh wuh uh wuh... wiggers! " I laughed for about 5 minutes and then said  "no, seriously... what's your name? " He then began crying.
i recently had to cut back on how much i was feeding my dog because he had put on a lot of weight over the winter. in the spring and summer he usually spends a great deal of time running in the yard and playing frisbee so it's not a big deal. but, in my neck of the woods the weather has been awful and we haven't been able to play outside since november. i was shocked, and angry that my dog had manage to eat my lunch, dinner, and breakfast in less than three minutes.
i woke up this morning, somewhat hungover after a(nother) night of heavy drinking. It was about 1pm and time for lunch, so i went to the kitchen. My stepmom was making lunch. She said  "spillomanen, if i make us some wraps, then you make us something to drink " and who could possibly say no to such an offer? i grab a water bottle for our sodastream machine, and poured the elderflower and apple syrup into the water, no biggie.
i was in a helping relationship psychology class where we were given a task to practice one on one relationships with people who had small and manageable problems. we were assigned to record our sessions so our professor could check on our responses and tell us how to better work on our methods. the file was a little large so i put the recording on a usb stick i got freshman year. i wiped it clear on my pc and checked to make sure that nothing was on it. i turned it in and thought little of it. The next week i got called into her office the next week. She told me to take a seat and goes:  "well, first of all, your file didn't work (
i just feel like i threw away a chunk of my future because i watched some people tag up walls. the sad part is i was not part of the group doing it. well i was, they are my friends from school, but i did not do any of the graffiti. i picked up a can to look at it at one point, so even if i try to fight it i will just get the prints on the cans thrown at me.
i was totally late to the bus stop yesterday. the driver's are not allowed to let the children get off the bus unless their parent is there. i wasn't. however, the driver confused another mom for me & left my 5-year-old with a total stranger (who thankfully  "turned him into the office "). if he had realized I wasn't there they would have taken him to theBus barn (at that point he would have been on a hot bus for over 2 hrs) & guess what?! i don't have a car!
i go to piss, leave the bathroom door open. i see him approaching out the corner of my eye and it quickly aproaches my leg. then the unthinkable happens this cat jumps into the stream of my own piss. realizing the full level of its own stupidity, the cat freaks out and spasm causing it to  fall in to the toilet with the toilet seat down. i lift the lid, grab this soaked cat and just launch it out of the bathroom.
A few months ago i was at my girlfriends house and we went into the garage to get something to drink while we watched netflix. while we were in there she was being frisky then started giving me a blowjob. we heard her mom out in the kitchen so we quickly grabbed some sodas and walked out. i still had my boner so i stayed a bit behind to adjust it and make it less noticeable. i was in the hallway looking at a mirror and flipped it up in my shorts and unbeknownst to me, her mom was in a part of the kitchen next to her and could see me. apparently she saw my penis and muttered,  "oh my.. "
i wanted to wake up early today. i have to be at work at 4pm, and since the weather is finally starting to get nice up here, i wanted to get out of bed before noon so i could enjoy the day. At about 11:40, i got roused out of half sleep by something.  i could feel it.  it was coming.  Immediately, i bolted upright in bed, frantically checking the sheets.  nothing was there.  then i swung one of my legs over the edge of the bed, i felt what i had been searching for.  A big bloody period glob had escaped my nightly protection and landed on my leg.
i was at a week long conference in birmingham, al beginning last saturday. i booked my ticket one day in advance in anticipation of travel problems. i was on a shuttle for the airport when i realized i misplaced my passport card. i remembered specifically where i left it, on the table so other than housekeeping discarding it or stealing it, the hotel had coherent explanation.
i'm a children's librarian in a small town where everyone seems to know each other. a very nice girl (about 14) started volunteering a couple of weeks ago. One day during a lull we start talking about our families. She starts talking about her brothers and how they don't get along. She responds with  "3 years ago my dad gave up on life "
i work for a really big company. i spend a lot of my day on one conference call or another. this one was with four or five people from another division of our company. our project manager tries really hard to be personable but it always blows up in his face. i'm pretty sure he's got aspbergers or some similar disorder, and gets frustrated with his level of expression.
 "i have learned from my mistakes :). thanks guys where going out now and i have learnedfrom my mistakes "  "I'm going to start going out more with my friends "  "i'm not going to go out with friends as much as i used to "  " i'm going out with my friend's more than I used to. "  "I don't think i'm a bad person "
i was too drunk to stop someone else from driving home drunk. in my drunken wisdom i didn't have the thought to call the police as soon as they left. the only course of action that can save you from getting lit up is calling the police. if you are not in the military you probably would not get in trouble but i imagine someone could quite possibly sue you.
My friends and i were in a car at a local park tonight. suddenly, 7 cars sped out of the parking lot in formation. my friend got instantly excited and followed. we thought we were going to see some fucked up shit. they eventually parked in a sketchy area. when we parked, we saw them all get out and they were only a large latino family. biggest disappointment ever.
i was delivering a pc to be setup at a local office, it was a rush job as the order only came through the company yesterday and had to be there today. i get to the office, 30mins later i find out the customer can't take the computer today, and had no idea that i would be showing up. i felt like dante from clerks  "i wasn't supposed to be here today... "
Last night i was in a park with my girlfriend. we made out and talked for about two hours, then we had to get up to catch our train. as soon as i stood up, both my balls began to hurt rather badly. i didn't tell her because we haven't been together for long and it would have been awkward. when i got home, the pain still hadn't gotten any better and it was too bad to just go to sleep. i read up on testicular torsion and decided i had to go to the hospital. When i arrived there, it took me literally half a fucking hour to find a doctor who then finally agreed to ultrasound my scotum.
i was snapchatting a good friend, who is a female, who was with another female. they sent a very attractive snapchat of them both, and just recently learning how to screenshot on my s3, i decided to screenshot it. they then called me and called me out on it. i showed them that i didn't save it (because i kind of felt like a pervert doing it anyway) and they haven't responded back. i don't think they believe me though. i also have to be around both of them tomorrow, so that'll be great. i'm just really paranoid.
Since i was about 10, i've had really bad acne and ultra sensitive skin. i've tried all kinds of medication in the past and they didn't work, but my parents saw a commercial on the tv and got themselves all excited. i went to the dermatologist and she prescribed epiduo, which turns out to be an insanely overpriced version of neutrogena. i left the doctor's and went to walgreen's to get my new fancy $200 goop. i headed home, took a shower, put on the new medication, and headed out to my golf lesson. it's a sunny, hot day, probably around 90, with no real shade because i'm on a
My boyfriend,  "j ", lives in an a one bedroom apartment with a currently unemployed roommate who made a makeshift bedroom where the dining room should be. His roommate,  "w ", gets money from his parents to pay rent/bills so he hardly ever leaves. Earlier today, j and i were laying around watching netflix. w tells j that he'll be at his parents for a few hours to hang out and get his rent money. he leaves, so J and i decide  "fuck it! we're alone, time for some hot shower sex! ". about 15 minutes into our romp, i thought i heard a noise but just figured it was either the upstairs neighbor or someone doing something
i had dinner. afterwards i grabbed my trusty water bottle and went to a local park. on the first lap, i heard my stomach grumble and thought nothing of it. halfway through the second however, it started. it began to push, and i pushed back, but i lost the tug of war. a minute later, it was climbing down to my knee...
So there is this girl i met at a concert. she was there with her mom, and i ended up talking to them both for most of the show. i could tell she liked me so i got her number.  we have been trying to hang out for a month now, but we always have conflicting plans. so last night, i invited her out for drinks and she says she would love to when she gets off work at midnight.  so i had a couple drinks with a buddy, he had to work in the morning so he went home.  instead of drinking alone, i decided to go back to my apt and eat a snack. so i get home and eating a sandwich
i work in a manufacturing plant and today my job was to run parts out of our automatic press. well i loaded a coil of stock onto the  feeder. i didn't pay attention to which way the burr was facing on the coil. now i can't just scrap it cause it's a 2000ft coil that costs about $1200. so i have to rewind the coil... by hand.
 "i got bored and rearranged the alphabet letters on her refrigerator into various immature phrases and vulgarities "  "love gay anal, suck the quick stick, etc " - but the potential for the perverse is limited with having only a few dozen letters. After a night of passionate nosex, the gf make a joke about the 'bullet' on my sister's dresser.  "haha, it does favor that, doesn't it? "
i decided to snap a pic of myself to send to the gf and also as a general progress pic. as i opened the picture, i pressed this one button which i assumed was the  "share " button. once clicked, nothing happened. i admit at this point i had no clue what just happened so i shrugged it off. As i'm getting changed and heading down to grab some food, i start hearing my mum yelling at me.
i'm dating a man 8 years my senior who doesn't share my faith background (conservative christian) as a result, my parents hate his guts. they've met with him twice in the almost year and a half we've been together. he's out of town for business this week and i'm on summer vacation. He tells me i'm free to use his apartment while he's gone. i ask special permission to have a girl-friend over and he says that's fine. yesssss a girl's night! now to convince my parents. oh, did i mention i have a curfew? that's pretty important. i stayed out too late the first week so curfew was
i live in idaho and it's been 100 degrees every day for like a month and a half. some friends and i decide to go down to the river and hang out, play with the dogs. before we left i kinda had to poo but i couldn't do it, it was more of a  "i'm gonna have to go eventually " kind of thing. i am so lucky that there happens to be a whole dug already, so all i have to do is squat down and sit on the log.
i got my underage cousin so drunk that he got caught by the cops at the fair and he went to the hospital for alcohol intoxication very severe, now i have to comfront the whole family about the situation, including his angry parents. p.s, it seems i might have to pay his hospital bills and might get a ticket for providing alcohol to a minor.
i'm out with a couple of friends and we go to see pacific rim. after the movie, we head to the yogo place down the block. not even 30 seconds after sitting down my phone goes off. it was my mom, calling me to pick up some tampons. that got a pretty good laugh out of everyone, and it was probably the most embarrassing time i had with this group.
i was at work, and asked the shift manager to cover my section while i went to the bathroom. When i took my tampon out i accidentally dropped in the toilet (relevant) i could see part of the the arm of the sunglasses sticking out of the toilet, in the u-bend. i tried flushing it again, and again, but it wouldn't flush. i went back in to the store and approached the (male) shift manager.
 "i noticed that the toilet was dirty and i was not going to sit on that. so i took a clorox wipe and wiped it off real good then proceeded with my business "  "My legs then hadclorox stuff on them so i wiped itoff with toilet paper. then wiped my butt with that same toilet paper "  "That's when i fucked up i hadClorox in my butt hole and it burned for several hours and caused it swell shut "
i was watching [this music video] with my mother when i shouted  "oh it's him! " feeling overwhelmed with joy in my natural ability to recognize celebrities. my mother replied  "**oh i know him too!** " nobody speaks, the video plays.  "sandwichmixto, what's he from? i've seen him before! " oh god mom please stop.
i'm pretty much a closeted trans*, and i won a raffle for a binder. buuuuuuuuut, i wasn't sure how my parents are going to react to that. so i secretly sent the sender my address and stuff. so the package is big enough for them to have to send to the post office. here is where the problem is. my hotmail name is jesus hose, and i had no.. no idea that the sender would right that down as that name. it was registered male, and my dad has no idea. he can't go pick it from thePost office since no one here is named jesUS hose. i am
i brought in a portable music speaker that i can set up wherever i'm working. i was moved into a hall to clean floors while a cleaning crew worked on the walls. i plug in my ipod so we can all listen to music while working. this was in the morning, and everything went fine, until after lunch.the hall i was working in doesn't have a restroom, and the nearest one is right around the hall corner. i leave my music plugged in to the speaker and go off to relieve myself. all is fine in the restroom, but stepping into the hall i quickly realized my mistake; [killing in the name of] was playing and blaring loud  "fuck you
My best friend and i have known each other for sixteen years and tell each other everything. About a month ago, z starts txting me. pics are exchanged and we agree to hang out. well, we hung out last night and ended up sleeping together. it was amazing and yet i feel awful.
i lost a tiny diamond on my wedding band and have no way to replace it. i am too nervous to wear either my band or my engagement ring but we can't afford to fix them. i should have brought them in to get looked at sooner. now i am screwed and i feel like i let my husband down.
 "When you're good to mama " is very sudctive if sang/danced right. My uncle gets a glance of my sexy-nakedness through the wide open door and my towel only covering one boob. i grab my towel, turn off the music and shamefully dry myself off like a normal person, got dressed, and came out to the computer where i write my story of shame "
When i was about eight i was at a party in my neighborhood when my stomach started to act up. i decided to walk home to go to the bathroom because i thought i needed to poop. i made it to my bathroom but nothing was conning out. after straining to push something out for a good 5 minuets, my face suddenly explodes with vomit. i end up soaking a rug in my bathroom and covering the floor with my puke.
i was sick with the flu or something, i had been home sick for a good week. i go to the bathroom to puke. what happened next, was pretty much one of the dumbest things i have done. i ended up shitting into my pajama pants right there on the floor. i then got into the shower and cleaned up, twice.
As i am 6'4 " the ironing board is at cock level. as i ironed my shirt the edge of the iron  "seared " my cock which was dangling over the work area. it now has a blistered line across the shaft and it is somewhat painful.
i'm out and want a drink. i'm out of the house. i's out and wants a drink and I'm out. i've got a drink in me. i'll be back in a few minutes. I'm going out for a drink with my friends.
i was at my grandparents' farm today just walking around when i stumbled across a blue egg just sitting on the ground. it actually looked whole, but when i picked it up, i noticed it had a few holes in it where the unborn bird must have leaked out. i looked down at the egg and then realized that a very dark brown liquid had leaked out onto my hand. keep in mind that it is in the 90 degree range here in iowa with a bright sun too. this thing was rotten. i washed it off but i don't think i'll ever forget that smell...
i work at a chain restaurant and lately we have had a lot of  "coupon fraud " basically, this means servers steal stacks of coupons or print them from their computer under false emails. since they are their  "own bank " and don't pay the restaurant until the end of the night, those coupons that were never really used end up being an extra five, ten, whatever dollars in their pocket.
A week ago on canada day, and i guess its more of a really awkward situation than anything else. take the bus downtown with some friends, have a great time. we split, i go to a teammates house for a bit then bus home alone, around 11:30. the bus was packed and i barely squeezed on. the next stop a couple of chubby and unattractive women who are over twice my age get on the bus (i'm 18) they also squeeze in, pushing me against a wall. i'm sorta standing there with one of the women up against me. my phone is in sorta in a weird position,(sometimes i put my phone in my
Last night i had a couple of people over and i got pretty drunk. after my friends depart from my place im feeling exhausted and want to go straight to bed, but first i had to piss. so i drain the pipes and head upstairs to my room. still drunk, i decided to browse the internet for a little bit. i realized i was way too exhausted so after about 10-15 minutes of browsing i close my laptop, turn on my ac, turn off the lights and hop in bed. as soon as i snuggle in my sheets i have the urge to piss yet again. so, there i went, draining the pipes yet again but in a gatorade bottle. when
My girlfriend and I are playing ping-pong in her basement. Her family is upstairs. I push her against a wall and kiss her and feel around a bit. She says,  "want to go get food now? " i tell her  "just a sec, i'm not finished with you " and pull her shirt off and i'm under her bra. Her mother walks down, sees us and is pissed.
i just recently got a tattoo on my thigh, and i wanted to show it to my friends. i pull my pants down, show them my tattoo, and seconds after, three guys come in and record the whole thing. i can't post the video, but i will post a transcript of the video.
i always celebrate buena noche (christmas eve) with my best friend and his family. this year the aunt invited a few single mothers from her daughter's class to attend. interestingly, the two families were also jewish. one mother, who was hanging out with us  "big kids " had a nice daughter that didn't say a word the entire evening. the other family however...
maybe it was the jetlag. maybe i was in a hurry and not thinking or maybe i'm just an idiot. i tripped soon, hit my knee hard on the iron stairs, and am now unable to bend my knee without agony. i was holding a book i had read on my way back and decided to read on the train. while i paid for my ticket i put down the book and grabbed my ticket and dashed off.
i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon nude. i made bacon. I cooked bacon. naked. I made bacon naked, and i cooked it naked. It was delicious. I'm not ashamed to say it. I've never been more proud of my bacon before.
i volunteer with guide dogs for the blind. i would never ever in a million years hit or otherwise strike a dog. corrections are completely non-violent and do not hurt the puppy in any way. i myself have graduated two dogs who have gone on to be successful guide dogs.
i am stupid. but to elaborate more on this i accidentally slipped up and  they gave me the stink eye. i don't expect them to call me back. throwaway for obvious reasons. i am stupid and  i accidentally slip up and u00a0 they give me the u00a0stink eye.
i totaled my car, my parents found out about my marijuana use, and i broke up with my girlfriend in 1 hour. i also became the biggest joke in school over my minecraft playing. i'll elaborate in comments when i get my head straight, like i'm literally still shocked to the core.
An exchange student from portugal named mari desperately needed tutoring in chemistry and i am good at science. so i became her tutor, got her number, and 15 bucks an hour pays well. until a week ago mason was the only  "ma " in my phone. only when i saw  "message sent to mari " had i realized what i had done. i held down my car horn in rage, and then the police came because i was causing a noise disturbance. so on to of the rapey text i got fined $50 and couldn't go to the concert.
On Tuesday, i parked my car at a train station closer to my work. At 4 and thirty minutes into my trip, i wake up smashing into a  "no parking sign " My dad just got home from working domestically and he was expecting to come home and relax...but comes home to news of how i messed up. My band had a festival gig this weekend...3 days of awesome music and 3 sets to play at the festival...down the drain cause...i fucked up. On top of that, the girl i was going on a date on today (wednesday) had to cancel that.
One of the requirements to enter the mechanical engineering program at my school is that you have to get an a or b in calculus ii. If you do not get a or a b after your two attempts you can never enter the engineering program here. Last semester i got a 78%. this semester i figured i would nail it, since i just took it last semester and had all of my old materials to study from, plus i knew most of it.
i was doodling in my friends science notebook and thought it was a good idea to draw a hitler in the form of kirby. later in the day, when i was in orchestra class practicing our pieces for festival. the vice principal steps in and calls me and my friend out of class. she then gives a speech about how ashamed i should be as i drew hitler. for the rest of the year, i was labeled as a nazi and outcast.
i'm 14 and discovered masturbation a few months ago - this is to be expected of people to start watching porn and stuff. i had a soundcloud account linked to my facebook, and started listening to some porn to get me off. i start masturbating, and then i get a call from my mom. she says it's okay for boys my age to explore sexual content.
i bought a cheap alarm clock to keep me on schedule. it woke me up at 11:45 according to the clock. when i got to the classroom there was no one there. almost immediately the professor handed out the test, and then turned the room over to a proctor. i was so freaked out and confused by the whole situation that i couldn't concentrate at all on the test. pretty sure i failed it hard...  it wasn't until i turned in the test and went to sign the roll that i knew for sure.
Work in a very small office. when one uses the bathroom there is no question about whether it is 1 or 2. i thought since nobody was upstairs that i had clearance to let one rip. i immediately regretted that decision. a faster than usual dash to the bathroom probably alerted everyone downstairs that there was something amiss. by some miracle the last square indicated a clean surface.
Last night before i went to bed i put icy hot on my neck, as to not get it on my bedding i placed a hand towel on my pillow. fast-forward 9 hours, i'm redditing and decide to take a fap break. after  "unloading " i reach to my regular towel and accidentally grab the towel covered in icy hot to clean my manhood. needless to say my balls feel like the surface of the sun, and my penis is swollen and wondering why i'm so damn stupid!
i was planning to buy a bunch of games on steam but now, i have to spend that money on buying a new phone. not exactly a grand tifu by any stretch of the imagination, but it's the little things that get to you. this happens to a lot of people, but its especially crappy for me because i just earned $200 from doing a ton of volunteer work.
i, 22f, am studying abroad in argentina this semester. The country is currently in a state of economic distress and, as the unemployment rate is extremely high, many of the inhabitants have resorted to petty crime, such as pickpocketing, in an attempt to make ends meet. A few days ago i was leaving a guy's apartment after he had already left to go to work. i get myself all ready to go and see half of the joint we had smoke from the night before sitting in the ashtray on the table. i decide to take a few puffs. feeling nice and buzzed, i put my iphone headphones in my hears, turned on my
 "I had a three way with my flatmate and his male friend last night ( i am female "). and yeah, it was fun, but now my ass is paying the price, i am bleeding like hell down there! " she says.  "I am bleeding down there! i am bloody like hell! " she adds.
Last night i was fapping to my favorite weird fetish, my little pony porn. after doing the deed, i just turned off my monitor and went to bed without thinking anything of it. fast forward to this morning, my mom comes into my room and asks if she can use my computer to check her e-mail. as soon as she turned on the monitor, she was greeted with a screen full of rainbow dash's ass in very graphic detail. i went into full panic mode and jumped out of my bed while she sorta just gasped and held her hands over her mouth in shock. i could have done anything else to better resolve the situation than what i was about to do. i
i was reading tifu thread of a guy shitting is pants on his neighbours lawn (new to posting on reddit don't know how to link). anyway, my computer freezes and as i'm playing around with my mouse to fix it my boss crosses the line of hidden computer screen to full view computer screen. luckily reddit was closed and excel was open, but he looks at the task manager and boom! right there beside the chrome icon is tifU by shitting my pants....  yep, not very professional. i work in a high level government office. needless to say a very disapproving face was shown before he shuffled into the meeting.  i don't want him
i got really nervous for a chem test today. so nervous, in fact, that i accidentally obliterated the side mirror on my car. my dad is furious because we don't have the money to fix it, at the moment.i ended up failing the test, too. (the second this week)
i've been trying to reproduce the results of a paper as part of my final year undergraduate project. The system i had been working on was a 2-dimensional graphene layer, with a iron atom sitting on the top at a distance '*h*' my job was to try and reproduce part of the results using a computing intensive *ab  initio* code called siesta. each simulation potentially takes a lot of time, sometimes over a day to get the results. a month ago, i thought that the distances were arranged like [this] in the paper, and proceeded to perform all my calculations with an *h* distance of 2.02 angstrom. the results were extremely off
If a printer asks you to change the  "w " or  "wa " toner, don't shake it. You can't fool this thing into working for an extra day or two by doing so. This is the waste toner... you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft. of you.
 "i don't drink hard liquor, i don't like it and it doesn't like me "  "My wife slugs me in the forehead until i let go, then a few more times in the side of the head and the shoulder/rib area for good measure "  "i have never felt worse (mentally or physically) and it don't help when she makes spousal abuse jokes "
i'd been planning to switch banks for some time now. i have been stewing and stewing over the fact that my bank has started a $6 monthly service fee. if i was wealthy and could maintain a high balance, the account would be free. that just seems horribly wrong to me.
i work in a lab that tries to make crystals to see if a unique chemical structure is formed. one time i was using ethanol (alcohol) as a solvent for my reaction, and i knew that the product formed from the reaction would not crystallize with ethanol. so i had to vaporize the ethanol out of the solution by heating the solution beaker on a hot plate. once the ethanol was vaporized, i was left with the product in the hot/warm beaker. i thought since they don't use a hood when using dichloromethane, then maybe i don't need to, for the sake of  "efficiency " (stupid mistake, very stupid) i
 "i was instructed earlier in the day that when i dropped off the sample, i would not have to get a number or wait in line "  "i tried to tell myself that it didn't matter, lots of people are here for the same thing, but man, i ran out of there as soon as she gave me the okay "  "they want you to make a  "soup " out of this "
i was taking a tour at a distillery with a group of coworkers.  after the tour was the tasting.  the tour guide mentioned glycerin and the lady beside me said  "isn't that in soap? " - i replied  "i don't know about soap, but i know it's in lube "
i thought it would be funny to ask someone if they were wearing pants, since it was kind of an inside joke with my friends in class. unfortunately i had used a british english to russian dictionary to translate pants and was actually asking her if she was wearing underwear. my teacher corrected my mistake but now my friend thinks i'm a perv and possibly my teacher does too.
i was at the mall at night sitting on a bench waiting for someone. all of a sudden, some girl comes up to me and asks me where the starbucks is. so i offer to take her hand and walk her to the star Starbucks 10 meters away. she says  "thank you " and for some reason i reply with  "thanks ". i become flustered after realizing how stupid that sounds and then i say  "sorry "
i'm usually a really healthy eater so the introduction of this food into my system hasn't been treating me well today. i was back in the bathroom to shit for the fourth time today and when i entered the bathroom i was talking on the phone and i forgot to lock the door. The next thing i know i hear someone turn the handle, but to my surprise the next thing I know someone is walking in!  i scramble and shut the stall door and lock it as fast as i can and i hear them say something when they noticed someone was inside, but they promptly left.
i've been home sick all say.  coughing, sore throat, general lethargy, and a bit of bowel distress. i tried to eat some supper, just soup and a sandwich.  shortly after, i was informed that i would be vomiting.  i prostrated myself in homage to the porcelain god and upon the first heave also proceeded to soil myself.   yes, reset the counter...
 "i know it's only forty bucks so its kinda whatever, but just listen. so i went to the dump for my mom, which is about three minutes down the road. i pay the guy and get these ticket things you throw down the chute with the garbage. i reach in my pocket and grab the stickers and throw em down with the bags. i drive home, let my dogs out, and then empty my pockets so i could take off my jacket "
i decided to take the fiance for a nice meal at a nearby japanese restaurant. after stepping off of the bus and touching the back of my leg i noticed it was wet. upon a gentlemanly sniff of the offending liquid.....i realized it was pee. not long afterwards my leg started getting a little chilly, no worries i thought, there's just a breeze.
It's my birthday, so my mum says she is going out to get something for my birthday surprise and will be back in about an hour. So i decide to shower and get ready for the surprise. Since i was home alone i walk to the dining room where there is a laundry basket full of clothes and towels, because that's where my mum usually does the ironing. so yeah i skip down stairs naked, singing to taylor swift - i knew you were trouble. all of a sudden..  "surprise! ". almost my whole class from school was there, and some family members.
i work in a students union in an office upstairs. my friend works on the reception, right in the middle of the main entrance foyer downstairs. we both are big fans of the walking dead and are both pretty much up to the same point in the series. i was so excited that when i came to the foyer, with my friend behind her desk facing me on the opposite side of the entrance hall, i couldn't help but start lumbering towards her. as i lurched ever nearer, i was confused as to why my friend was not smiling at my funny joke, but instead looking horrified and almost frozen with panic.
When i am very tired or stressed, i'll sit with my knees clutched up to my chest and enjoy the water on my back. Usually, i get up very slowly so as to properly let blood flow to my head. usually, that is. when i decide to stand up. on hope and slightly wobbly knees, i stand. the familiar ache and blackening of my vision follow, except this time, it kept getting black and kept hurting. i still don't know how long i lied there on that floor.
i was so caught up in it and all that i thought nothing could go wrong. we were having the best day of our lives. i'll admit that a part of me likes her because she's very attractive, but we're not in love and we's not boyfriend/girlfriend nor are we dating.
i use a private ebook torrent website to get ebooks. on it, people can request certain books, and you get rewarded for uploading them to the site. my little sister lives with my parents in a city with a library system that allows access to thousands of ebooks, so i asked her if i could use her card information to borrow books. i didn't get what she meant, until i realized that the most recently borrowed books had been  "the sex game bible " and  "101 advanced sex positions for maximizing intimacy "
i am going to be as vague as possible to attempt to remain anonymous. i went to a party and i didn't know anyone there. Before i leave (intentionally vague) i steal a large sum of money from the party. The person whose money it was wants to call the police but hasn't yet.
i ran into a pole with my car while trying to leave work today. my airbag deployed and the front of my car is all fucked up. i bit my tongue hard and slammed my chest into the steering wheel. to top it off, some guy saw the whole thing. he asked over and over if i was ok and i said i was fine just so he wouldn't come over. i think i should buy a bicycle.
i was messing around, not thinking, and was swirling a half dollar in between my teeth. i swallowed the damned thing without a problem. i still wonder how i did not choke on it. well i tell my parents that it was just a qauter to lessen tension on them and go along the week until friday hoping it would pass. my hopes were nothing but crushed as 5 days go by without passage. so on friday we go and get an xray and waddya know, its still stuck in my stomach.
i forgot to check/scan one of the bags. the worst one that could come down my belt. it was full of paychecks to the louisville hub. a hub of 5,000+ workers. and i loaded into a northern ohio trailer. well, in the hurry i was in (being peak season and all) i accidentally forgot tocheck/scan a bag. aaaand it just happened to be bad.
Last night i went to my friends birthday party and after the party ended, my drunk self thought it would be a good idea to walk home. midway through my little adventure home, i realized that i didn't have my phone. i'm really worried that it somehow fell out of my pocket when i was walking home. i tried using the android device manager to track my phone but i'm quite sure my phone was out of batteries by the time i tried tracking it down.
i really like hentai. especially stuff that involves ballbusting and cuntbusting genital injury. last night, one cousin asked me to pull up his facebook page so i could show everyone a picture he posted. i opened my laptop, to unveil u2026 a leather-clad anime girl stomping another girl in the cooch. that was embarrassing. i sort of stayed in my room for the rest of the night. this was a very awkward christmas morning. i'm pretty sure my parents' view of me has changed forever.
She tried to blow it out, leaned over it and caught her hair afire. She was not badly burned, and just a little sore from her older brother pounding it out. scariest christmas eve, ever. i'm so thankful right now. have a safe and happy (insert whatever your celebrating).
i could totally imagine myself spending the rest of my life with her. we told yo-mama jokes and we joked around about stds. she was done with med school and was working in a hospital, so she obviously had the smarts too. i forgot to get her number!!
i was 18 years old and had just moved out of my apartment about a month prior. An acquaintance of mine moved into the same apartment 'block' as me. She held a party one summer evening at her apartment and i attended with some friends. At the time i was known as a guy that likes to drink. tonight was no exception.
i put on a porno, on my laptop, plugging in my headphones so i don't disturb my housemate who's sleeping next door. she sees what i'm doing, and clasps her hand to her mouth in shock, and turns back to her room, giggling. i just burst out laughing. next time, i'll get under my covers and close the door!!
i went to live in thailand for 2 months starting earlier this year. i was with a group of about 20 people. as we were preparing to leave, it dawned on me that i had forgotten something. as i approached the stairs to my room, i slipped on the wet concrete. i had a large gash on my left cheek, and 3 teeth had been broken (almost nothing was left of them)
my calendar starts every week showing the sunday, not the monday, meaning that where tuesday is on most regular calendars, on mine it shows monday. the exam date/time/room etc is all written in the mMonday box and has been there for about six weeks. but i have been reading the calendar as starting on the m Monday, putting my exam on the t Tuesday. having never cocked up quite as spectacularly as this before, i have spent this evening crying down the phone to my mum and stressing out around the house.
went on long bike ride, get sick to stomach, go into air conditioned library and throw up all over the floor. this actually happened several years ago when i was around 13 years old. it has been roughly ten years since this incident and i have never gone back to that library.
i'm a girl and so is the girl i like. i am bisexual and i haven't come out of the closet yet and i'm not quite ready to. i've liked her for about three years and we are going to different colleges. we have first period together and i would say we're friendly acquaintances but not quite friends. this weekend i printed out the letter and i decided to seal it up nicely and put it in her locker. luckily she doesn't read them until after we're done at school, but i'm freaking out about the consequences.
i'm sooo screwed i don't even know what to do. so i'm taking a math class that is only at tuesday and thursday at 8 pm to 10 pm. in this class the grades are based off of 3 tests. the tests are worth 30% except for the final which is worth 40%. so i took the first test a few weeks ago and i got a 27%..... this means that i need atleast an 80% on both tests to pass the class. i did not think this was possible, so i opted to withdraw from theclass.
i recently got a pretty gorgeous girlfriend who is also into harry potter and is generally pretty fantastic. i decided that i needed to try ass play. i looked around for something to use, but weirdly didn't have much to work with. i found an empty [blackberry izze bottle] that looked okay. i jerked my ass up, slamming the bottle into the nightstand and **shattering the bottle inside my asshole. the pain was the greatest i have felt in my life.
My gf's brother walked home early, saw us through the front door. He waited until we went into her room to sneak downstairs to his room. She went down to talk to him and she asked him what he saw he said  "you on the couch ". i wouldnt be surprised if he stood there watching.
i just moved into my place back in november.. around december, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis baking in the oven. it was a scorching hot day, so i was just casually walking around the house shirtless wearing some shorts (i'm male, don't get excited gents) i grab the oven mits, grab the tray with them. my kitchen bench is behind me when i'm facing the oven, and the kitchen isn't super spacious. so as i turn my body to place the tray on the bench, the side of the tray touches my stomach just below my navel. burnt me good.
My sister was over to babysit my two kids... and happened to find the semen sample i have to bring to the lab. having had a recent vasectomy, they wanted to test me to make sure i'm sterile and stay that way. needless to say, she left it alone... but was a little grossed out.
My girlfriend is upset and won't talk to me. While i was in the shower she took the car and went for a drive. She has no phone on her and has trouble seeing road signs in the dark. She made it home safe and so did the car. We are all good now.
i haven't seen or spoken to him since i broke up with him. so it just happens to be that i bring my girlfriend to his work on the night he is working. for most people this wouldn't have been a problem, but i'm a woman who has been in relationships with men up until now. he was a perfectly happy kid never been heartbroken, and i ruined him.
It was bacon. but it was tasty bacon. It was also a lot of bacon. But it was good bacon. And it was delicious bacon. That's the kind of bacon you like. It's not the kind you like when it's raw, but it's good bacon, too.
i work in an auto center at a large shopping mall, and after work today three other coworkers, one of their girlfriends, and i wanted to smoke a bowl and hang out after work. so we all drive up to the very top of the parking garage where there's no people, and start boxing my friend's car. we finish smoking, and are just chilling in the completely boxed car when two police interceptors and a mall cop roll up behind us, and come talk to us. we didn't get arrested, but i got nailed by a trespassing charge from mall security. i guess i can get charged with criminal trespassing (first degree) if i come back anytime within the next
i have not made the best grades over the last couple of semesters and am trying to fix my gpa by doing extremely well in some easy classes. i ask my girlfriend to check and see if she thinks my written speech is good. she says that she will only check my homework if i agree to marry her. so i write at the bottom of my speech:  "if you read this i will eventually marry you "
i don't know what i've done... i was talking to my mom about how nothing phases me, except spiders and r/spacedicks, thanks to reddit. she then asked me what r/Spacedicks was. seeing as she's a lurker, and semi familiar with reddit, she wanted to see it. i tried to convince her otherwise. but nevertheless, she made me pull up r/ Spacedicks. i don'tknow what i's done...
The person was really understanding and forgiving, and deleted the email. Then i sent the person an email gift card, saying thank you for the understanding. That will now be a permanent reminder of the situation, along with anything that is bought using it. The person was understanding and forgave me, but then i sent them a gift card and they deleted it.
i went over to her house to play gamecube. After an hour or so of playing we started getting promiscuous. Her mom stealth modes it upstairs, and even with my perfect hearing i failed to hear her. she opens the door while i'm 2 knuckles deep in her daughter while she has a firm grasp on my dick. she says,  "door stays open from now on " and i leave after 15 minutes of  "maybe she didn't see anything "
This is the story of a man who punched a man in the face after he tried to rip him off. The man, who we'll call rick since that's his name and he's an asshole, was trying to get $10 for a coin that's worth $300.
Girlfriend posed as my favorite baseball player to help me get off. She didn't talk to me much for the rest of the weekend. She's not responding to my calls. i really hope she'll come around but i think i ruined the best relationship i ever had.
i'm getting ready to wax my bikini area and think to myself,  "gee, what if he thinks i have a fuzzy ass? " i have plenty of strips, and think if i run out it's no big deal, i'll just use my razor and trimmer. then, i go to rip them off and... pain!!! but gosh, something else doesn't feel right. i touch my cheek... sticky. i freak out and climb up onto my sink to look at my rear in the mirror, and i can feel it... my ass cheeks are glued together by this wax!
A friend of mine bought a new 3ds a week or so ago with mario kart 7. He gave it to him and i started up the race. After the first jump, i shook the 3ds violently, hoping that mario would do a trick in the air. The screen went floppy like a flaccid penis.
 "sometimes i pretend i'm john lennon and fondle mojo jojo's tits "  "sometimes i rip my balls off with a chainsaw and then staple them back together "  "i was immediately sent to the principal, my parents were called, and every joke was read to them "
i'm 17 for starters, i have my life planned, college already paid for amazing gpa and act scores. with my mentallity i want all my partying to be set aside in high school because the career path i'm taking won't allow any of it. i got drunk off a shit amount of whiskey and eventually found some hydrocodone. i ended up taking 13 of them. during the night i was fine, that's why i took so many i couldn't feel the effects but come the morning everything changed. i overdosed, hard. i've passed through many of the symptoms but i'm still suffering. at one point i thought i was going to die, i
Aescobar32's roomate drove an hour away and ran out of gas. He is drunk and no gas in my car means i need to go to a gas station, grab gas, go get my car, punch my roomate in the face, leave him there and head back. what a motherfucker.... im about to get a ride there... brb.
An overactive bladder causes a man to pee his pants in a gas station parking lot. The wind rips the door of the porta-potty open, allowing the man to urinate all over the wall. The man then has to run back to his car to clean up his mess.
i'm getting ready to go on my break while waiting for another co worker to come in at 5, he's usually late so i decided to just go before he gets there. so i head up stairs to get my headphones so i can drown out whoever's outside, i walk out of the department and quickly glance behind me to if he's there. bam. i hear a crack, my first reaction was i knocked something over and it smashed on the ground. nope, i turn around to see this little girl her head laying on the floor and beginning to cry her fucking eyes out. her mom runs over and picks her up with my apologizing relentlessly, even after i come back down
My mother took me out to get ice-cream with her. After about 2/3 of my ice cream demolished by my sweet tooth... i felt a shit coming on. 4 times in the past 2 hours have i shit the milky ooze. my toilet is clogged and i still have to shit. at this point my anus has the grand canyon tearing through my buttcheeks.
After washing my clothes, i put on some slippers and went out to the balcony to hang them up to dry (i'm in egypt right now, we don't have dryers here) when i stepped on a dead... thing, and it stuck to the bottom of my slipper. it was either a mouse or a bird, i couldn't tell 'cause it was half rotten.
This is the story of a man who smoked a cancer stick in the middle of a hot summer. He puked for 10 minutes without stopping, then shambled into his room like a zombie on lsd. He passed out seconds later. His dad knows now.
The train was supposed to go to my hometown but, for some (undoubtedly shitty) reason, turned the fuck around and is now heading back in the opposite direction. changing trains will cost a lot of time. stores close in 15 minutes, so i will be going hungry tonight and tomorrow morning.
A girl tries on a dress at a mall and falls through a velvet curtain. The dress flies up, exposing her underwear and the back of her bra. The saleslady rolls a clothes rack on wheels to shield her from the rest of the store, but i know a few people saw me.
i texted my dealer asking him for two bags, thirty minutes later he's one street away so i set off to meet him. as i approach his bmw i see my guy and a heavily fake tanned, tramp-stamped, made-up girl exiting a dvd rental sho- think it was a bluray in his hand though. i realise my mistake as the white bar slowly crept toward its nub of an ending. i'm ten meters from my door, i sprint the remaining distance and i'm in locked. bolted.
Around 3am i wake up, feel the urge, and meander on out the door. at night, i don't make it in the other door. why? nobody is awake. well, also as male, i had a little chub going on down there. i figured  "what the hell, i am going to fap one out right here " proceed to a few minutes of outdoor, cool breeze fapping. it was glorious. truly unlike any fap sesh in at least a year. i hear someone! peek...look normal (dick in hand), nobody.
i was home alone. figured i could have some  "me time " and did it. no problem. my tv is in the living room, and i did  "it " there. there's a fan there. now when i finished, i was almost 100% sure everything was fine. no remnants on the floor, the tv, nothing. or so i thought. until today, when i walk past the fan and see three spots on it. i immediately knew what it is. the  "stuff " had dried, turned yellow, and is now some sort of mold like substance that is sitting on the fan, and in some ways, blowing all over my living room. i'm both disgusted
i work at a mcdiabeetus. and we sell sweet tea, any size for a dollar. the tank in the lobby ran out of sweet tea so i was tasked with putting sweet tea in said tank. this is where it went to hell. the bucket slipped out of my hand and sweet tea and ice went everywhere. i'm cleaning and laughing/crying over my idiocy, while everyone just laughs.
i was supposed to be house sitting the friend's house. i left my weed, pipe and beer right on the coffee table. i tried finding an open window or finding a way to get in but a neighbor came over and was asking who i was. i ended up being able to get into the house using a credit card.  all is well.
i was pan frying chicken breast in olive oil and butter, and boiling pasta (in a different pot) so i'm doing that thing where you scoop the frying butter over the chicken while it's, well, frying.. but then i wanted to stir my pasta, but i didnt want to stir it with a dirty spoon so i full on stuck the spoon in my mouth and just sucked it like it had soup in it. now the inside of my lip and a bit of my cheeks are grey/white, like fried pork colour.
i am a medical cannabis patient. because i cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me, i find time to smoke a half a mile from my house. so here i am driving along smoking a blunt, enjoying myself after a long day at work, when i decide i am finished. so i start rolling the cherry out my window. little did i know it was hella windy and being in a moving car didn't help. so instead of my cherry blowing out the window, it blew right back in my face. still moving, i start swatting my face, and than i realized the cherry flew into my passenger side foot well and hit some paper that i had down
 "i accidentally erased and added my physics answers to the math test answers. so, i only finished 2/3 of the physics test and i botched several of my math ii answers "  "i guess there's always next month "  " i accidentally erased my physics questions and added them to my math questions "
 "i had to shit so, so badly. i couldn't even sit properly, instead having to sit with my ass about an inch off the seat "  "i felt like i was getting stared down by the filthy toilet brush in the corner, but it was a toilet. i released fury from my bowels and felt sweet, sweet relief "
 "7 fractured ribs' so they tell me. i weigh 180 + bike 17. no damage to bike. no it'a week off, vicodin & flexeril until i am relatively pain free "  "My gratitude to my wife deb for all you did to put up with my pain "
i've been on adderall for a while, right? well the loveliest of side effects is that it makes your shit set up camp and just chill in your intestines. so basically i hadn't pooped in almost a week. so around 2pm i decided to take a single extra-strength laxative to kick down the doors and do some spring cleaning. it usually results in a leisurely 30 minute session of poop just easily coming out of me like frozen yogurt. later, when i got hungry for dinner, i reached for something quick, disregarding my decision earlier. what i grabbed was my industrial size box of fiber one bars, you know the kind you can get
Teacher took my phone then proceeded to read from it in front of the class. the post was racist jokes and now the students  think i'm a douche. life is great curriculum... I'm so glad i'm not in school anymore. I'm glad I'm not a student anymore.
My friend gave me a 70mg vyvance and told me to take it if i ever needed to cram for a test. so naturally i take it at around 6 pm the night before the sat's. i cannot sleep, i have been tossing and turning in bed since 10:30 pm. it is currently 4:11 am and i haven't slept a wink. i can only hope to god that it doesn't wear off during the exam.
i was changing lady products like normal. then somehow i managed to not only drop the used tampon i was holding, but *fling* it on the floor. it rolled into the adjacent stall (that someone was using) before i could pick it up. at that point i was terrified that i'd be identified so i finished up and ran out of the bathroom.
i had cause to use the restroom at work today. i did my business, wiped, then turned to flush, and as i'm sure most people do, looked in the bowl.  no toilet paper.  wtf?  where is it?  under the seat?  in the trashcan? no. in my pantleg? nope. i hope none of my coworkers do.
About a year ago i was a part of the stage construction/ stage crew for my schools fall play. during the play the people in stage crew could stay there or go home. i was gonna go home, but then the director said i would need to fill in for some missing actors. right here is where it fucks up. i have a female friend i have always kinda had a crush on. well she comes over and lays her head on my thigh, which i kinda got aroused from her doing that, and then her cue came up for her to get on stage. so she left, she came back about 5 minutes later and laid her head in my thigh again. she unz
 "i had forgotten that i put the kettle on to boil. when i hear the kettle whistling right in the middle of me taking care of business, i immediately jump up to go take it off "  "i'm not exactly sure how my junk go that close to the stove, but the next thing i hear is a nice sizzling sound "
i flipped my shit, caused a scene, and more than likely lost a good friend because of it. so far, she's blocked me on skype and facebook and unfriended me on lol. she unblocked me, we're talking now. apparently the other guy in this story freaked her out, and now i'm somehow the good guy.
 "well, i live near a cemetery and old people are pretty common there "  "well, my 80-something year old grandparents acting like nothing happened, my mom staring at me, disgusted, and me just staring stupidly at the way my napkin matches the tablecloth "  "you've never seen so many old people in one place "
So i was fapping and had the smart idea to use my own spit. Later i found sores on my dick and one in my mouth......ugh ideas to help please. Please help me out with these sores. I'm so sorry. I don't know what to do.
i'm not technically impaired, i could usually do this fine, but the looming sensation of;  "sooner i get this done, the sooner i can have sex " kind of rushed me. basically, i destroyed her phone. ruined the conductor for the aerial, now she doesn't get a signal and i blunted all but 2 two screws, so it will most likely cost a lot more to get it fixed.
We met online and talked for two days. decides to meet up at a bar on the third. turned into sexy time. i'd never done that before and left feeling good but pretty sore. woke up this morning and realized i left my wallet on his living room floor where the fun times began.
i accidentally spilled a large tray filled with 14-15 glasses of ice-water onto a customer (hot 30-something year old)... oh man it was not cool. never again will i lose my balance with those damned trays.bonus: she was wearing a white shirt.
i ran track in high school and run with friends as a recreational activity. my running group consists of the short term runners, who are really far behind every run. i'm about in the middle, so during this run i end up by myself for a bit. i decide to run off the path and cut through the cemetery to save time and effort. i drop around 5 feet; i had just fallen in what i believe to be an open grave. it was pretty big and my ankles were decimated by the landing.
 "i was flung out of the car head first and sent rolling across 4 heavy lanes of traffic "  "i have some nasty road rash on my back and feet, so bleeding all over the place, my clothes are completely torn up, and i'm covered in vomit, gravel, and shame "  "the cops were also absolutely convinced that my fiance had pushed my out ofthe car because he found out i was pregnant, and that that must be the real reason for me throwing up "
i thought the letter was old, like it was for another boy she was asking out last year. i dismissed it as an invitation to me, and started laughing and patted the dog on the head and said,  "yes, scampers (the dog's name), i will go to the dance with you! " now, i didn't see emily's face, as i was too concentrated on making as big of a deal out of this as possible with her dog. all the while, my friend is laughing like nuts, i'm still not sure if it's because she knew i messed up or if genuinely believed that it wasn't for me, like i did.edit: my
The last thing i remember my teacher say was  "...and it's due before you leave. " fuck! as soon as i got to class started my computer and got on reddit. i remember being on reddit for a few minutes before i went to class. i was on reddit because i was bored.
During my lunch hour saw my ex's parents on the street. last time i saw them was about 3 years ago and this time they, and especially mom looked big in abdominal area. turns out mom and dad quit smoking and gained some weight. i should've known, they are in their late 40's. thankfully they are great folks with sense of humor and we just laughed it off.
 "i went into the women's restroom instead of the men's. i would have just walked out except a woman in there called me a pervert "  "i learned a few lessons: don't come to school drunk, always look at bathroom gender signs, and don't wait around for the cops to show up. "  "i was late to class, everyone looked at me handcuffed and sitting on the floor! "
i decided i was going to bike to work. it's only about 5 miles, and hey, who doesn't love biking? nevermind the fact it's been many years since i've ridden a bike. for a second, it was the most evil knievel thing of my life. then i landed. i break my glasses, sprain my wrist, dislocate my shoulder, and lose the light on my bike and my bike's computer thing.
i live in a building with shared bathrooms. this morning as i got up to poop in the toilet (it's my preferred method), i noticed some liquid on the seat before i sat down. i gently reached out, dabbed the liquid and gingerly touched it to my lips.  i immediately thought about what the fuck i was doing whilst beginning to cough and spit violently all the while doing some sort of spastic urine taste induced dance around the small cubicle. i washed my mouth out with listerine, brushed my teeth and proceeded to do a walk of shame two floors up where i could poop in a different bathroom that knew not of my shame.
i met her in the navy; we were on the same ship, in the same division. she is gorgeous, fun, smart, level-headed, a real rare breed, which explains why she always had a boyfriend. we were friends, and she was flirty with me, but i just told myself that was her personality. i never knew until too late that she had broken up with her previous boyfriend. this went on for roughly 5 1/2 years.
i earned it. i earned it by being a good person, i say. i earn it by working hard, i add. i deserve it. I earned it, I say. I earn it, i says. I deserve it,  earned it,. i earnedit, i earned It.
i have been suffering with severe ingrown toenails on my left and right big toes (due to being a compulsive picker) the left one was recently removed medically, but the one on the right  "wasnt causing any immediate harm " so earlier today, i received an email from work telling me i had not received the promotion i had applied for. naturally, i decided the best thing to do would be to take out my anger on my infected toe.
The cold clamped the skin on my face tighter than my butthole when i was raped...i could not feel shit. if i open the window that negative weather will kick my ass till i shit again. unfortunately i would rather not have it man up in the middle of my bedroom.
i'm just going to hold onto ice cubes until i can't feel the burn anymore. i think i'll wash my hands more often when touching jalapenos next time. i was taking out the seeds in the pepper and everything went fine, the fajitas tasted delicious.except, now my fingers and burning! it's been like this for 20 minutes and it's really uncomfortable haha.
i felt the cap twist and it felt so good, until i tasted the ever so delicious glue running around my mouth and making a glue lining around my tongue. so my hands were wet and the rigged cap of the super glue bottle would not cooperate me. i decided that biting down on the cap and twisting it would do it justice. of course was wrong.
 "i'll never know if the feelings were mutual "  "i dropped her and quickly shuffle out of the ball room, leaving a trail of wet shit behind me "  " i hear her retch loudly over the music playing. i just drove home. "  "i heard from my friends that they had to stop the dance and clean up "
James Fallows' apartment's cold water had to be turned off due to mysterious reasons. After leaving the sauna he was in, he realized that his body felt like a match being lit. He then realized that the  "burning " smell came from the bathroom's wall; turned out i almost burned the pipes that stored water due to the excessive heat.
i actually did this 2 days ago. i put a potato in the microwave, and used the potato shortcut button.  i hit the button once, for quantity 1, and hit start. i didn't think about the fact that i was cooking a small, red potato, and not the standard russet that the microwave was probably programmed for. i walked away.
i was feeling a little frisky, so i immediately opened up my text message icon and inserted the photo and sent the photo. i closed the screen and suddenly realized that the last person i texted was my very religious mother instead of my husband. i started turning bright red and pacing back and forth in the living room trying to figure out how to undo the text.
i'm a huge sports fan (especially hockey) so my eyes are naturally drawn to t-shirts with sports logos on them. i love seeing hockey shirts, regardless of the team, and seeing a flames shirt in washington, d.c. is like seeing an asian nfl player. to make it worse, she customized it so that what was a normal flames shirt became midriff city.
A goose was murdered here! feathers, feathers, all over the room. the sick anticipation of waiting until my wife sees. I think i have figured out the photo thing. All cleaned up as well. I'm going to go to bed now. I've been up since 4am.
i updated my r u00e9sum u00e9 a few month earlier and showed it to my friends to check spelling, grammar & everything else. when my contract actually ended, i just changed the dates of my last work experience : it was  "september 2011 - now " and i changed  "now " to january. i was very confident that my friends checked every mistake, and the fact that i could screw up the fucking years on it never crossed my mind.
My now ex ( we can call her g ) and i have been together on and off for 6 years. we have 2 little girls. after 2 weeks in the new house i told her that i couldnt marry her bc of our bad past ( she has cheated on me several times many years ago) she was heart broken and i did not realize what i had done. i love her so much and literally every time i go to sleep i dream about her. idk what to do anymore. if i would have known i was going to feel this way then i would not have done this.
The thread below from /r/askreddit made me think of this story. It's over 3,000 comments deep, but i still wanted to share the wisdom we gained that day without it getting buried. i'll break it into two parts, my fuck up and the one the other guys did that made everyone forget about my drunken episode.
i'm under the blankets with no shorts on while two dogs are running around and my brother rambling on. i guess one of the dogs got really hyper or something, because it then jumps on the bed and steps its huge and powerful boxer paw right on my ball sack. the next thing he does is calls my grandma and tells her i want to talk to her. so now i'm talking to my grandmother with my pants down with a stepped on ballsack. that is my tifu.
 "i had a boner from thinking of the blowie i was going to receive later, so my pee-hole was wide open. as the febreze dripped down my shaft shoot, it felt like a thousand needles "  "i ended up cancelling the date because  "i really had to work on homework "
i haven't drank alcohol for about a month for various reasons and i was very behind on sleep, but i still wanted to join them. i must have misjudged my tolerance and blacked out halfway through the night. apparently i had filled up my cup two more times after blacking out, and ended up puking the night away. i now owe a handle of admiral.
 "i went to dollar tree, and bought a bunch of average sized happy-face balloons for a friend. i put the three balloons in my trunk, and left the trunk half open to put the rest of my bags in there as well. i turn and pick up a bag from my cart, and when i turn around, the balloons were gone. i look to the sky and can't see them anywhere. that's when i realize they are tangled in the back wheel of a camry and the spare tire of a jeep that were driving through the parking lot "
i had everything going nicely and wasnt paying attention and opened the wrong flap on the curry container. what was supposed to be a sprinkle was a landslide. i stopped it pretty quickly but a huge amount of curry had already gone in and i had minutes before liberally dosed the pan with sriracha. it smells and tastes too good to waste and the people i am cooking for are pretty hungry so we decided to sack up and eat it.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. this is my first time submitting a post to reddit, so bear with me as i no doubt make an arse of the formatting. i like to use baby wipes to give the old cock a good wipe after taking a piss. you know, for that extra minty freshness. it was 23:30. nature called, and i answered. i pulled my skin far back for a good clean, and thought nothing of it. my cock is battle hardened  u2014 it can take some punishment.
i was left with the challenge of keeping the pizza warm while i waited for him to return. The pizza box covered the entire shelf from end to end, the sides of the box that were touching the inside of the oven proceeded to burn, smolder, and catch fire. i began frantically snuffing the fire out with various oven mitts and kitchen cloths whilst praying that the flame didn't ignite any residual grease that might be present on my stove top.
i was rather horny and decided to visit /r/gonewild for my 2nd time. i took 5 pictures of myself and a short video of myself undressing and then playing with myself. When i upload them to my computer with the usb cable, i flip through the photos again and then play the video. The video was the last thing that plays, and is the only thing that shows my face.
This actually happened yesterday, but since it was less than 24 hours ago i figured it still counts. i was locked out of my car for 90 minutes, and the whole time the engine was running. my kid ended up having to get a ride home with her friend and i was late to pick up my gf.
i spilled a beer on the keyboard and broke the w,1,2,tab key, and also the brightness up key. great start to the day. a few days ago i spilled aBeer on the Keyboard and broke. the w,.1,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12,13,14,15,16,17,18,19,20,21,22,23,24,25,26,27,28,29,30,31,32,33,34,35,36,37,38,39,40,41,42,43,44,45,46,
i was playing with a lighter on my bed that i suspect is highly flammable. and the thing i'm setting on fire is *plastic*. at first, i was pretty quick to blow out the fire on the pen, but soon i grew careless. and really fucking hot plastic dripped onto my finger. molten plastic bonding with your skin is not at all pleasant, not in the slightest. i didn't get to have sex that night, either.
i've been taking some laxatives because i've been constipated lately. they've been making me fart a whole lot. today i decided it would be a good idea to hold them in, so after a few hours i would let a massive one out. when i was in bed, and about to sleep i feel it coming out. i grunt and next thing you know i feel to what i thought was piss all over my legs / my ass. then it hit me.. it wasn't piss. it was diarrhea.
i invented a new drinking game where you take your bottle of beer, hold it in your mouth and have to swim underwater to the other side and then finish it off when you submerge. it was awesome, went without a hitch! no pool water got in and i was a hero. fast forward to the night and i had stomach cramps to the point where i nearly shit the bed. i'm fine now but it was an awful night.
 "i'm in the kitchen, making bacon and spaghetti when all of the sudden, i feel the need to urinate. my bathroom was farther than my kitchen sink, and being the logical person i am, i decide that the only possible choice i have is to pee into the sink "  "i yank my boxers down and hop up onto the sink, positioning my buns as comfortably as possible on the cold, damp surface "
i was performing a 'magic trick' for a class of grade 9 students. I lit a group of methane bubbles on fire and a massive fireball radiated out along the ceiling, maybe 6 feet in diameter. Black water explodes out of the ceiling and starts spraying everywhere, the fire alarm goes off. The whole school (~1200 people, less at lunch) is evacuated.
i went skiing today i am an avid skier (i ski backwards better then most can ski forwards) anyway i was on a green beginner slope headed back to the lodge when a snowboarder fell to my right his friend fell over him landing on my skis sending me over the side on at least a 15 foot flight. causing me to land on my shoulder and dislocate it and tear the ligaments my friend who was behind me on the trail assumed i took off and left him behind sped up so i had to climb out with skis and poles. on the plus side skiing one armed to the bottom lift was fun haha!!
i was sat having coffee with a friend when i heard gasps, a lady yelled  "bring ice, the baby fell out the chair! " everyone stood up or turned around to see if the baby was okay. i didn't think to hide it, and i couldn't stop. my friend is shocked at me laughing which made me worse. the lady on the next table heard and gave me the biggest glare. if looks could kill i would have been a red smudge. we decided to leave pretty soon after.
i should not have done that. i am not enriched by what i found there. i should have been more honest with myself. i was not happy with the way i reacted to what i saw. i'm not happy about the way I reacted to it. I should have spent more time with my family.
The first thing i do when i walk into any waffle house is immediately highjack the jukebox. i idly flipped through and land on ccr - fortunate son. i turned around, and found a man standing right behind me. he was wearing a  "vietnam veteran " hat, and didn't seem to share my enthusiasm.
i'm no expert on birds, but these guys didn't even have all their feathers yet, so they must've been pretty young. i'm guessing their nest fell out of a nearby tree or something, and they happened to be stranded in front of my mowing path. against what many of you may say, i picked them up and moved them in hopes the mother would find them.
 booting up broke the partition for some reason, so i erased it and started to install from scratch, unfortunately forgetting to again create the 20gig partition for linux to run on. low and behold, the checkbox previously labelled 'install ubuntu alongside osx' was now 'replace osx with ubuntu' i hit continue without thinking and boom, 180gb of work gone.
Last night i was at a friend's house with a couple of buddies. we were drinking and hanging out having a guy's night. after a few beers we got to talking about pepper spray (somehow) and my buddy said he had a can in his car. so for $20 i decided to let them spray me with it. i can now confirm that yes, it indeed does hurt.fast forward to today; my girlfriend surprises me by coming over in the morning and suggesting a rendezvous in the shower.
i tripped on a small crack on my way home from school. i am suspicious it is a torn ligament, but i wouldn't be surprisedif it is something else. i have been iceing it and am planning on going to the doctor's in a little while.
i went over to the suite of my good friend/occasional hookup partner to pick up a book i had lent her. She wasn't there and i really had to shit so i used the bathroom in her suite. naturally i played a few turns in words with friends while i pooped. As i stood up to wipe and put my phone on the toilet paper dispenser, someone played their turn, causing my phone to vibrate and promptly fall into the toilet. i quickly rescued my phone from the shitwater and immediately opened it up to see if i could rescue it. She had returned while i was shitting, and i was only halfway through my explanation when she realized that
i was golfing, and a fat heard of mallards were relaxing by the green about 176 yards out. all of a sudden i see a lone bird freak out, jump, try to fly, and then fall. he makes it to the water with his mallard friends, only to drop his head under the murky water, unconscious, to die. i drove up to my ball, which was resting near the edge of the green, and finished the hole.
Today i bumped into a family friend who i don't know very well but is close with cousins, family members etc. we got chatting and he casually asked me how my mum/dad was doing. being the honest person i am, i explained to him that my dad had just been laid off from a company he did long term i.t. management for. in my excitement i also felt it necessary to voice my opinion and tell him that the new team would probably be s**t and the company would struggle without my dad. later that afternoon my parents came home and i told them that i had run into said person and had a good chat with him. mum asked  "what kind of
The story of october 19th started six months ago with my group of friends at my school. The whole group was under arrested for conspiracy to commit murder. somehow, xavier ended up getting all of the blame. he's still being charged to this day with minor charges and two felonies. zack, brian, and austin got lucky and nothing happened to them at all.
Girlfriend was yelling at me for having mold in my trashcan (it will cause asthma, that causes cancer **blah blah** why are we listening to news you dont even comprehend what they are saying **bitch complain** i cant beleive you woke me up so early), while i was giving her a ride to work at 6am, after working till 2am the night before. After a 30 minute barrage of this in 630am l.a. traffic i snapped, yelled and smashed my hand down on my wooden center console, hit my phone and broke the screen and lcd (birthday preasent 1 week old from parents who are not well to do, neither
Longboarder high fives a paraplegic. Paraplegic does not find the humor in his actions.  "I thought heh maybe she broke her leg and this is how some lazy upenn girl is getting around, " she says.  "Yeahhhh!! ridin on four wheels and extend my hand out for a  "high five "
 "i tried to sneak away like nothing happened but it was too late. There is nothing like the fury of a girl with chocolate syrup running down her leg "  "i found that out the hard way when she punched and kicked me as i tried to run away "  "always keep your ass in check or your day it will wreck "
i had to wait a few hours for my final interview with a vp before my promotion was official. was harassing a coworker of mine via text, and after the interview said  "tell (other coworker) that he reports to me now, and he needs to start wearing cuter outfits to work " then realized i texted it to my boss's boss who is now just my boss. followed up with an apology, and when he called me 10 minutes later about the interview he didn't mention it... but it's been on my mind for the entire 4 hour drive home.
i screwed up the left side of my neck and shoulder. midterm portfolios and a test were due today. i went to school early, dropped my portfolio off, told the instructor what's going on and got out of there. then i went home and iced that thing up like no one's business. still icing, hoping for the best. no pity. seriously though, tifu my neck during midterms :(
i live in a dorm. usually, i buy my stuff through absolute fencing, but i needed a practice saber...quick. i went to the office to get my saber, because ups said it arrived. well, i go to get it and they tell me i can't have it because the box says  "sword " on it. i try to explain that a fencing saber isn't really a sword, but a dull, blunt thing that is only used with protective padding. it's no worse than martial arts equipment. okay. they want me to take it back to ups myself, but the office won't give me the box, obviously. so then i have to work out
i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :(. i want to be a doctor. i don't want to have to do all this work. i just want to help people out. I want to make a difference. I'm not sure what to do. I don't know where to start.
i fell in love with a woman 6 years older than me. not really a problem, but when you're 20 and she's 26, it's a little intimidating. because of this, i always added a couple of years to my actual age without her finding out. we were together overseas for over a year, and it was absolutely wonderful. when it was time for me to leave, we agreed that we would sync up in 18 months to try and start a life together. she called me after the 18 months, and asked me if i was serious about our agreement -- but not in those words. somehow, i heard something regarding our age difference... and i answered to her --  "i
i saw my opportunity, and i took it. i started to slide off the table, and only one of my feet hit the ground. the other foot missed, cause my leg to bend in such a way that my knee dislocated. i will be on crutches for a while, but i won't live this down for a long, long time.
The day before i had just finished my final huge exams for my degree, and wanted to blow off some steam. My friend is my best mate, and brings the super retard idiot out in me. We peak a bit too early and things start going downhill. The ultimate fuck up? me sending a picture bragging of stealing shit to everyone on my snapchat.
i get the nervous poop syndrome so i immediately try to hold it all in till the co worker leaves. i'm talking 25 toots in 8 seconds. i lost my state of mind and jammed my hand in the bowl trying to cover my poop hole like its some sort of plausible option and i can stop the gas leak.
'i forgot to lock the door :'(. i forgot toLock the Door' 'I'm sorry. i didn't know how to lock it' 'It's OK. It's just that i'm not used to locking doors' 'i'm so sorry. I didn't realise how to do it'
i recently bought a decent car that cost me 11k, and in my shit somewhat asleep state, as i was reversing out of the garage i misjudged and scraped the side of my car on the brick pillars scratching a shit load of paint off the side panels. i make music in my home studio, and at times i tend to down a few drinks, though this night i downed a few to many.
i'm an eighteen year old female and he is a nineteen year old male, both legal where we live, just saying. i'm pretty sure at one point he grabbed my head, can't really remember (in denial) anyways, a lot of shouting ensued and the grandpa left.  I'mpretty sure i can't go back there ever again.
i was about to make a pretty sneaky long range attack. i threw it and missed. it bounced along and knocked some woman's coffee over and it spilled on her phone and all over her lunch. i walked over and apologized and offered to buy her lunch and she was one of our main clients.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots. Visit www.dailymail.co.uk/Travel next Wednesday for a gallery of images from across the globe.
A friend's service provider contacted him about being possibly sued for copyright infringement. The friend's mom told him he had to pay a $200 fine. His parents found out because he left this page up on the computer we all share. He is still unsure about what to do about it.
i love rides, especially ones that you go upside down on so i insisted that i was first. the ride operator asks me,  "all set? " i reply with an emphatic,  "yep! " and away i went upside down...with my shirt over my head. i'm totally mortified and didn't want to be more embarrassed by quitting so i tucked my shirt into my waist band and finished my time.
i had forgotten that i had an ear wax dissolvent bottle that looked exactly the same shape and size of my eye drop bottle. i put one drop in and felt immediate pain. i rushed to the bathroom and rinsed my eye out for a good 5 minutes, and i took a wet cloth and dabbed my eye every now and than for about an hour. i still have a dull pain in my eye after a few hours, but its nothing i can't handle. it's definitely not the way i wanted to start off my morning.
On friday my boss allowed me to go home early. She offered to pay me for a full day. i've never been paid for not working before so i was stoked. Fast forward to this morning, and my boss tells me that she just got an angry call asking why she approved me to get paid for 3.5 hours that i wasn't working.
A man uses an electric scooter who cant make a corner because of his bad hand. i go over and say ill help him turn and get him round the corner. i crash him right into the tables of people knocking over chairs and causing all their coffees to spill over the floor! tifu.
i just moved to a new city and my best friend has been awesome, welcomed me in to his home to rent from him when my previous domicile was made unavailable due to my other friend moving. He's been interested in this girl for awhile, but hasn't made a move, prefering to go the friends route with her. We've talked multiple times about how he was  "content " with being just friends, leading me to believe that he was moving on, she obviously wasn't interested in being more than friends.
i was driving to a friend's house to watch a movie. i had to do a u-turn, but didn't know how to do it. i ended up hitting a lightpost and dented my car. no one asked if i was drunk, or if i could walk straight.
i've been off smoking for 58 days as of today. i caved and bought a pack because i managed to justify 'two months on, two months off' in my mind. smoked four over the course of a few hours, got home and instantly felt like ass garbage. i feel like i'm going to vomit at any second and it's not fun. tossed out the rest of the pack, regretting life right now.
The incident happened at a friend's house. He was trying to take a shit in the bathroom when a mosquito came out of nowhere and tried to make out with his face. He tried to swat it away with his dominant right hand, but his left hand was left free to roam free. His dick started shooting urine everywhere.
i squished a quarter of a spider with cat gas. He's still breathing and very displeased with me, though he seems to be ok. anybody know how long it takes a spider to get that big? i don't don't wanna know. that fucker has obviously been living here a long time... he needed to go.
 "Bigwag91 " was in a two-year relationship with a girl he met through a mutual friend. She broke up with him a week after school gets out and he starts working third shift. She started going out with her friend from back home who she  "wanted to go out before but didn't want to get into a ld relationship "
i used to take the school bus home from school, and the bus ride was the best part of the day, because me and my friends were always up to something stupid. a long time ago, i watched the movie speed with keanu reeves and sandra bullock, (yeah you know exactly where this is going) so for some reason i thought i would re-enact the events of the most memorable scene in my opinion. i got a piece of paper (from what i remember, this is the only writing i did all day) and a sharpie and wrote quite clearly; help! bomb on bus! yeah, i did that, guess what else i'm an
i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her she was holding the cord when she was born. i said it was because she was trying to hold it like a baby. she said she wanted to hold the cord. I told her I was holding it because I wanted to be with her.
i was told to be there at 8:00am. naturally, i went to bed early and got some sleep so i can get up at 6:50am and get there earlier. at 7:15am, my boss calles me and asks me why i'm not at work yet. she then proceeds to tell me that it's 8: 15am right now because of daylight savings time. being on reddit all day, i didn't even know this happened, so my phone's clock decided to move itself an hour early.needless to say, i was ~30 minutes late to my first day at work.
 "i could not do a single pushup. i was a great leader and a better shot, but i could not push my body off the ground in a military manner to save my life "  "i went to college, and instead of taking  "real " classes, i took an emt class "  " i was also the skinniest (and sexiest) i've ever been in my life. "
i was watching youtube stuff (as you do) and was looking for a snack. my eyes fell on a packet of salted popcorn, so in an instant it was open. next thing i know, my stomach is trying to stage a mutiny. i thought i was going to explode. moral of the story: don't ever eat popcorn fast on an empty stomach.
My friends and i went to venice beach and we all got fairly high. i have a lowest tolerance of all my smoking buddies, so when we were finished, they were all good, but i was feeling quite dizzy. as we were leaving, i started feeling worse and worse in the car ride and i felt as if my skin was melting and the car was going at light speeds. so i obliged, but thought, hey it would be a great idea to roll down the window first before throwing up. sounds great right? nope, turns out throwing up while on the freeway with the window open causes the barf to come flying back in and hitting the person sitting behind you.
Last night i drove to a dispensary i've never been to. The guy behind the counter told me:  "since this is your first time here, you get a free dap of hash! " i took a massive bongrip of straight hashish, because how can you say 'no' to free, right?   u00a0by the time i get out the door, i rocketed to a [7].  one block later i'm siting in my car blankly staring at the gas gauge. this is one of the few times i will ever say  "this should be illegal " in context to marijuana.
This happened yesterday, but i forgot to write this in my embarrassment. So i went inside my nearby burger king and was behind some dude who wrote his order on wood and was ordering 6 fucking meals. knowing how slow the god damn burgerking people were i figured it would be quicker to go to the drive through. so i exit the store, enter my car and order my food.
Yesterday was canadian thanksgiving, and instead of having the usual beaver drizzled in maple syrup, i ate a traditional meal with a bit of a twist. instead of turkey we had raw chunks of prime beef with a pasty sauce comprised of dried hot peppers and whisky. turns out my stomach can't handle a meal meant for an african warrior who just killed a zebra with his 14 inch long johnson, so of course i got a little sick.
i am a gamer but i can't really play/enjoy sports games to save my life. ok so all my co-workers were gathered around the office talking about playing the new madden 25 game and how awesome it is. i start to freak out and go oh shit in my head and i dodge them all day but i finally break down and give it to them. $60 wasted.
i did everything well and fasted before hand. i successfully ate both, but i, for some stupid reason, decided to get jalapenos on mine, so that's in the mix. i haven't stopped burping or farting since eating it, and my stomach is brewing something awful. the worst part is yet to come when i have this sloppy mud-butt shit at work.
i papercut my eye with about 15 pages of paper. my worst nightmare has come true. i got to an optometrist right away, and was able to take [a picture of a picture they took]. the yellowy bit is the damaged area. a papercut to the eye, particularly of this magnitude, hurts at least as much as you'd imagine.
i spent my summer working in kenya and i haven't seen a lot of family since i've been back. i decided to grab my laptop and show them some of my photos. what i had forgotten was that last night i fell asleep after watching some porn. luckily i had made the effort of closing the actual porn website, but i hadn't gone as far as the pop-up ads... so i had to clumsily close down three sexual pop up ads (two  "live cams " and some adult dating site)
i was drunk and trying to have some sexy facetime with my girl, but i accidentally facetimed one of my coworkers wife. i don't even know how i got her number. i accept his facetime while i am completely naked. he was confused. and today at work he told everyone he saw my man bits.
My ex girlfriend cheated on me with a lady girl she only knew for a week. She had been having sex with this girl for like 3 months. i saw all of their fucked up convos and now i cant get that shit out of my head. i feel bad that this girl has to deal with a cheater.
About 4 years ago, in middle school, i had downloaded tor so i could browse reddit and whatnot, and put it in my  "s:   drive " It's a folder being stored by the school district and when i log in to my account, it shows up as being mounted. i never got in trouble, and tech had many times gone through my files and found nothing wrong. fast forward 4 years, i'm here now suspended because the tech at the high school i go to decided to look at my files, and because the drive is stored byThe school district, they found tor. i know this isn't too much, considered, but this being literally the first time something this
i got burned on my hand today at work during a factory shut down from an arc flash made up of 480 volts of electricity. i was blowing an air compressor into the main disconnect of the machine. The hole in the gun was the size of a .22 caliber bullet, and that could have been my arm, my leg, or even my chest.
This is probably the stupidest thing i think i have ever done. at least i feel like it. No e-brake was on either. After about .5 seconds of me comprehending everything, i promptly left the 7-11 to probably never return. i have never felt so stupid.
i'm driving in the parking lot that wraps around my apartment complex, with some woods off to the other side. i swat at the thing with my lit cigarette and lose control of my car because the damn thing was in my eyes. i hit the dumpster, it's got wheels, so it isn't just staying on the ground. that fucker flips and trash goes everywhere, cans just blowing in the wind. my windshield is shattered. my hood is bent, but just at the front. my bumper may as well not exist because it's falling off.
Last month i was admitted to the hospital with a high fever because i was having trouble with a medicine i was taking. i was in the hospital connected to an iv and really had to go to the bathroom. i told my dad (a doctor) to disconnect the iv and went to the bathrooms. at this point i was extremely dehydrated and the only thing keeping fluid in me was the iv. i went in the bathroom and while I was taking off my gown i passed out. i don't know how much time passed but when i woke up the floor was covered in urine, vomit, and diarrhea. i quickly wiped myself up and left the bathroom like nothing ever happened, without bothering to
i'm a minimum wage research assistant at my school for the summer. this morning i woke up early (around 6:45) because of restlessness. i didn't expect to pay more than 65/75 for the service... but i have about 150$ in my checking account. i save as much as i can but i usually go out for dinner once a week or so... plus gas and groceries when i'm up at my dorm... i'm home this week.
i don't know why, i just know that all of a sudden i'm in the lake and i immediately realize i had my glasses on. the worst part is i felt them hit my foot. i was too drink to go diving twenty five feet for them. it sucks.
i puked everywhere. it was on my feet, on the walls, all up the side of the toilet,. on the door. i was naked, covered in my sick from earlier on the toilet, i'd shat myself twice and it was still dribbling down my legs, all dignity lost. and all because i didn't have the fucking gammon for dinner.
i was cooking some dinner, wearing a diaper like i do pretty much every day anyway, chilling out and i have a little bit of a tummy ache going. i have this killer urge to fart, and it 'feels wrong' so i decide to gamble, and to my dismay, it was a shart. it was the diarrhoea you wouldn't want to imagine ever having. i was full to the goddamn brim.
Earlier today i left a pepsi in the freezer to cool off. i felt like drinking it later so i didn't think to move it to the fridge before i went to sleep. i just woke up about an hour ago and was ridiculously warm. i decided i'd go drink that pep Pepsi of mine. the moment i touched it, it instantaneously froze. i walked to the other side of the kitchen from my refrigerator and began to open it. it exploded like a grenade of pepSI in my face. it was on the ceiling, in our cupboards and on the floor 10 feet away from me in our living room. my hair was stuck together and my eyes were
Around 3 in the morning, i get this bright idea,  "if i shaved my balls, i wouldn't ever have to deal with it's nuisance again. " and with that, i set off to my bathroom to shave my balls. 10 minutes in: everything's going according to plan. i finish everything and decide,  "i'm gonna go over this again, " because lord knows the only good shaved balls are smooth shaved balls. i then rinse and repeat, but this time, i decide to shave *upward* to make sure i get the little follicles out. apparently balls can't handle that, so with each and individual hair that is ripped from my crotch, little splotches
This story is from a recent high school spanish exam. The student had an erection while taking the test. He avoided his spanish teacher for the rest of his time at that high school. He miraculously managed to score in the 80s and still got into college.
i write music, and whenever i don't have the chance to write it out, i think up the coolest tunes ever. i was finally at my computer playing some games with my friend when i though up a cool melody. i render it in an mp3 and close fls... then i realize what i've just done. why do i keep doing this shit?!
 "i stuck my hand into the toilet and pull out my phone without a second thought, until i realized i just submerged my entire hand into pissy water "  "in an act to save my phone i shove it under the hand dryer in order to prevent the water and piss from getting too far into my phone. luckily it helped long enough for me to call my mom in tears because i could lose all my data "
i told her after class and she just said,  "um, thanks? " (she is pretty cute, huge ass and very nice breasts. she's pretty skinny too.) i told her in the car and she was like,  "I don't know what you're talking about "
 "i know! " said a project-hungry and energetic me of 3 hours ago.  "i can breathe new life into these khaki-colored corduroys by dyeing them! "  "i couldn't be a fool and forget to shake the mixture bottle, so i took off the lid, saw the sealed bottle, and sh--- horribly in my bathroom "
i was pulling an old flat-bed work truck from one of our fleet-customers, out of our shop. it was in for some maintenance work before the plowing season this winter. i backed it out of the garage bay, put it back in drive, started turning to squeeze it between the shop and the barn. as far as i could tell, by watching the corner of the barn, and the mirrors, i had enough room to squeeze through. bam. i clipped the corner, and there was no serious damage to either. i was really embarrassed, and i was ashamed, so i just worked the rest of the day pretending it never happened.
i was suspicious after really looking at the name. global marketing concepts. after some digging i found out it's actually a scam. you go to these interviews and they make you a door to door salesman for t-mobile. i accepted 2 interviews that i'm going to have to blow off because i'm not getting conned into being a door-to-door salesman or a telemarketer.
The tip of her popsicle fell into her cleavage as she was talking to her co-worker.  "absolutely the most awkward moment ive had in my life and probably will ever have "  "i could barely think in the heat. plus she had a very showing cleavage with a white shirt showing most of her breast "
Learn a lesson, you should not try and build things when you're sleep deprived. [there will be blood.] Learn a lesson. You should not attempt to build when you are sleep-deprived. [There will beblood.] learn a lesson,. You shouldn't try to build while you'reSleep-Deprived. There will beBlood.
i really loved that bike. so today my rear tube on my bike popped, nothing to big, happens every two months or so, no big. so i take my bike home remove the wheel, replace the tube really quick, and attach the tire back to the bike, like i've done dozens of times before. i don't go ten feet before my bike jams up on me. i look at what happened. the left side of the wheel just slid out of the frame. causing the right fork of the tire to bend out of place.i'm stoked this didn't happen while riding fast, but still that fork is ruined and i may have to buy a new brake.
i'm a senior, but i don't have a defined friend group, i mostly drift between the nerds and some of the popular kids. our homecoming was over the weekend and i decided to grow some. so walked over to girl i sorta know, reach for her hand during a slow dance song and it goes really well. she seems to be really into it and i'm on cloud nine until i get to school monday. well, everybody is pissed at me. if she wanted to go she should have said yes.
The system was supposed to be for student recruiters. It's now being used by the university to help students find out if they've been accepted. The system is still in the works, but the university is waiting for the code to be finished before it can use it.
i don't know about anyone else, but occasionally, i get huge... er.. zits inbetween my legs, not at my crotch, but on my inner thighs. so i tried to take my knife to pop that so it would bleed. after about 5 minutes of this, i realized how it would look if someone were to walk in with me in front of my computer while i had my shorts down. i quickly stood up and pulled them up, but unbeknownst to me, i had apparently knocked my chair over backwards. i landed on my ass, and my head hit one of the legs on the chair. i was fortunate enough that no one saw me.
i decided to try one of the chillis today, as it was the first time i'd grown them and so i was curious to find out what they tasted like. i ate one and went off for a sleep, as i was really quite tired, without washing my hands. when i woke up, i was still half-asleep and feeling a little 'in the mood' so i decided to do the two-finger shuffle. it was about 10s after i began i remembered the chilli. then all of a sudden the most intense, hot pain shot through me from my genitals and i jumped off the bed crying in pain. i ended up smearing yoghurt into my
i babysit up to 6 kids at any time, watching 2 children full time. i get maybe 20 dollars every few weeks, no matter how often i babysit. It's incredibly frustrating to try to save up for things, let alone go out anywhere without wanting something. i finally, after many weeks saved up enough to get some clothes i had been dying to get.
On a plane to riga from moscow i became extremely drunk. i wake up a day later tied to a bed in a hospital. they said an ambulance had to take me from the airport. i have no idea what happened but i am terrified that i might be banned from flying. luckily, i have already paid for the hostel so i can stay here for a few days. my visa is being processed and will be ready friday but what if they won't let me on the plane? i have a credit card with no money so i am waiting to talk to parents who are in canada... i don't know if they can transfer money to a russian credit card.
i slipped on a wet metal grate holding a bottle of wine. it smashed in to my hand. had to have plastic surgery on his hand. our houses are about 3 blocks away. our house is on the other side of the street. it's about a block away from our house.
i started playing cookie clicker when i was a kid. i started playing with cookies when I was 5 years old. i've played with cookies ever since. i'm a big fan of cookie clickers. I've even played with some of my friends' cookies. I love playing with them.
i was honestly just not thinking. that was supposed to be a compliment. she didn't reply so i thought she fell asleep. i sent her a text at like 4 in the morning saying sorry and how awkward it is now, and that i'm embarrassed. it was a solid paragraph. she totally avoided it by saying  "sorry i didn't replies last night! " k. k.
My mom asked the director if she has a tom jones cd to play because he was my grandmas favorite. The director replies no and i said i could hook up my phone on the tom jONES pandora station. i turn it up,  "its not unusual " plays, good. and then. staying alive comes on next and its blasting and it was awful. i lunged at the phone but the damage was done.
i haven't had contacts recently, and have been relying on my old glasses. regardless, i do t shower with my glasses. during my shower i decided to comb out my hair. blind little old me put my hand in the basket on top of the toilet to grab the comb. needless to say, the razor met my finger. i thought it was a little prick until it started bleeding a little.
i recently got a macbook for my film production program which i start next week. i needed to get a few things for it, one of them being an external harddrive. Both of them are identical both of them, when plugged in have the same name when appearing on the screen  "my passport " i tried to move the files from one drive to the other but that didn't work. i moved one of my 130 gb movie folders onto the desktop as a test and it transferred without fail.
In the turkish republic foreigners residing in the country for an extended period of time are required to get a residence permit. This occurs at the fatih police station. After i turn mine in i thought to myself,  "wouldn't it be useful to create a guide so other people could use it? " So stupid me decides to act on this, at the time, brilliant idea and on my way out im merrily taking photos of landmarks.
i'm fat and not just fat i am obese i'm 500 pounds i feel like i could have a heart attack at any minute. i live in an apartment with my gf that i don't deserve. i make just enough money to pay bills sometimes not even enough for that. i have a 5 year old from a precious relationship that's mentally handicapped. i give almost $300 of my check for child support for a kid i don u2019t even know is mine. and all because my ex is a lazy fucking welfare bunny.
The youngest son of my cousin is very hypertensive, like run here, run there, play here, and play there. Then this kid suddenly loss in our sight. His godparent whom his auntie also. run like hell to the direction where she last saw him running. then when she returned and ask us if we found him, someone whom behind me says  "no, no, he hasn't found yet ". then the little jerk inside of me suddenly came out without notice.
 "i'm totally straight. me and my dad usually have political arguments. daily actually. well often it gets down to views on human rights. well if we let the gays marry, then people are going to want to marry their car! " actual dad quote by the way. well anyways today, when i went off, i said,  "if straight people can marry, why can't we?! " shit got silent there. needless to say he's ignored me for the rest of last night.
So i thought,  "hey it's halloween, maybe i can try and hook up with some random girl and it will be fun and awesome. " Most of the night was lame, couples out together, people not in costume, not many people out in general because it's a thursday, etc, etc. i end up getting good and drunk because i feel like a random hookup is not happening, and i eventually break off from my group of friends. I see a hot girl standing by herself and she immediately jumps to me taking her home. As i bring her into my room she basically explains that she's a prostitute.
 "i got up after only about 3 hours of sleep, feeling rather shitty. my wife and brother-in-law were prepping the house for the halloween party we had planned, and i was tasked with making the sweet tea. i left the kitchen to go to the bathroom, came back and forgot to pour ice in the dispenser. i also forgot that one of the two dispensers had a fine crack toward the bottom, near the nozzle "
We ran out of wrapped candy, so all i had left was a bowl of candy corn. these kids just came by, and i put the candy corn in their bags, thinking nothing of it. then a parent came down with their kid. i just threw some in their bag, and the parent stopped me before i closed my door. he started yelling at me, asking if i was trying to poison his daughter. then he called me a smart-alec. after i closed the door, i remembered whose stupid,  "razors in your apples " suburban myths. glad i'm not in the hospital!
i accidentally kneed him u2026. really, really hard u2026 right in his u2026 berries. he spent the next fifteen minutes lying on my bed in pain. i offered to let him kick me in the cooch or punch my boobs. he said he will u2026 but he's not telling me when. walking around the house is like a survival horror game. i fell down twice trying to avoid his fake vag kicks. it's nuts.
i fell asleep the happiest person in the world, and woke up heartbroken. ...but i didn't know she was drunk. i woke up to a flurry of texts that were full of regret and apologies. oh, and i work with her all the time. so there's that.
 "i was watching my step-father play a gig with kenny jones the drummer from the who and i had drunk about five ciders four glasses of champagne and a couple of beers "  "i noticed how bouncy it was and threw up in my mouth a bit and tried to swallow that "
i have a vague memory of pissing into something i shouldn't have at like 5 am and someone telling me i was in the wrong room. i didn't remember it until he told me someone pissed in his parents linen basket.  she refused to tell him who it was, luckily. i'll tell him when we're older and we'll laugh our asses off.
i was enjoying a slightly cooled coffee this morning when my very pregnant wife woke and asked for a tea. i poured the boiling water into the mug, and returned the tea to the cupboard. turned around and took a swig of my coffee, and was instead greeted with 200+ degree water immediately scalding my lips, tongue and palate. no reset, not particularly gross either. just...painful and stupid.
i'm 22 and i went last night to a fairly new friend on a new year's eve party. it was around 9 pm as i arrived. and it didn't take a long time till 4 of us decided to play a little drinking game. the problem was, that there were only 3 shot glasses, so i used a normal glass with the ~half of the height of vodka. on 11:20 pm i sat in the kitchen completely drunken, vomiting my heart out. then they took me to the owners room and let me get some sleep. on 6 in the morning one of the guys called me that they moved on to another party and won't be at the house until afternoon.
i shat liquid. everywhere. on our sofa. i cried. so i am sitting on my sofa, liquid shit everywhere, and a beautiful girl staring at my shit covered pants, sofa, and leg.  u00a0good way to start the new year? best way.
i'm 20 and my folks let me go to my friend's house party which ended up being a total disaster due to someone inviting high school kids. After new years i'm looking for poon meanwhile carefully making sure i don't go near jailbait. i finally found the girl. the house owner who's my best friend really will stick out for me no matter what happens.
 tifu trying to eat an apple. The apple gave way forcing my hand upwards with a simultaneous crunch and punch to my nose. to everyone else, i was in a fight, to reddit....i confess the truth.  it was a crisp and firm apple and i began the initial bite.
i just arrived at my best friend surprise birthday party/new years soir u00e9e and everyone fucking hates me. i walked in about 45 minutes later than everyone else and didn't really think it was necessary for me to call anyone about my late presence. i'm walking to the door and as i open it i almost shit my pants with the great surprise with shit loads of confetti and mariachis.
The story of a six-year-old boy who lost his virginity to his father. The story begins in the bathroom of his parents' home. In mid-stream, the inevitable came to pass. The toilet seat fell from it's unstable towel-perch and slammed down on his dick.
i used some of this to give my tuna sandwich a little bit of a kick around an hour ago. come time for a trip to the bathroom prior to leaving for my shift, i discover that apparently still had some on my hands. unfortunately for me, my discovery came via my genitals lighting up like the vegas strip, burning up from that lovely capsaicin. ten minutes later, that stuff still stings like hell, and the start of work is going to be really awkward.
My aunt noticed that my skin was beginning to peel. She didn't speak up about it, but she said she wasn't hungry anymore right after. It was obvious she noticed, but i avoided eye contact immediately. She's pretty quiet, so she didn't spoken up about my actions.
i decided it was time to wash the sheets. i have dryer issues so by the time i was ready for bed i was still sheetless. i went downstairs to a closet where i keep a bunch of climbing gear and military gear and pulled an old sheet out of the bottom of the pile of shit that is that closet. yeah, the sheet seemed kind of dirty, but i was too tired to look at it closely. so i get into bed with the sheet over me and decide it's time for my nightly fap. i start noticing a little prickly feeling bout the time I start going for it. i convince myself that it's the sharp ends from the feathers in my bed
i just got a job after basically being homeless for a bit, and bumming around living with my girlfriend's parent. they have a 401k program, and trying to be a responsible adult i decide to sign up for it. the first sign up went bad, since not all my data was collected, and i got a call about it, so after 25 tries later, it went through. a solid 1% contribution to a roth ira, with semi-annual increases by 1% topping out at 6%. 50% going to the ira and the rest of that going to stocks/bonds/etc. that was two weeks ago. no one's said anything about my
i am interning over the summer at a marketing firm and our projects are mainly compiling presentations for startup companies to use for potential investors. i accidentally opened the wrong browser so i exited to use safari, and the first tab open is a google search for 'can i get pregnant on my period', projected in huge font for the entire boardroom. i had to wait for like ten seconds, frantically clicking and moving the mouse, until i could close the tab and open my presentation.
i work midnights at a gas station so i'm the only one there on most nights. while getting ready with about 10mins until i had to leave i had the need to shit. i of course decided to hold it until after work (hence why i'm posting here). luckily this is not a  "i shit my pants " story, i was able to make it to work and a few hours in my shift with mild discomfort.
i got a friend request in the mail for one of those odd social networks with weird names with double letters in unusual places. usually, i just ignore those, but this one was perfectly translated in my mother tongue which is not terribly common, so i got intrigued and clicked on a link. i got presented with a list titled  "these 12 people are already here, link with them ", except that item number 13 on the list was titled  "other " i actually saw it with the corner of my eye before clicking  "ok " but it was too late... 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works.
i have this thing where i really get off to my own homemade porn. i have an iphone so i just set up the camera, masturbate a little and then watch it as i masturbate again. i usually orgasm both times but really exaggerate it the first time for my future self. so there i'm sitting as my neighbor just stares awkwardly at me through my open window as we listen to me climax.
Small business pays the government whatever sales tax we collect from customers monthly. Every single month i fill out the same form, calculate what we owe them, write a check & send it off. In my haste to get everything off of my desk last month i had simply filed the sales tax form instead of sending it off with no check (we owed $0 that month)
i had a nice long list of errands to do including a drug test for a new job. i planned out my route to ensure i didn't have to double back for any errands and would drink just enough fluids to make sure i could  "perform on queue " and would not have to wait in the office. i'm not sure which of us was more embarrassed.
i'm a blogger and associate editor for one of the big lgbt politics & culture blogs. yesterday i published a post about the hashtag #fuckcispeople trending on twitter, and it ended up being the last post of the day. Our style guide says that we don't use  "fuck " or  "cunt " as the subject of posts, but i figured this would be a place where it made sense to make an exception.
So i was having an afternoon stroke, i finished up the job nicely as i've been away on holiday for 2 weeks the payload as to be expected was a lot larger than normal. so i finish up when all of a sudden i hear my mum coming upstairs so i quickly pull on my trousers and cover up in time. she says someones at the door for me so i walk out and down to answer it and there's my friend we chat for a minute or so and he just keeps kind of looking down at me. i didn't think anything of it said i wasn't going to be out atm and went back inside.my mum took 1 look at me and went  "i
i was in the car with my mom (because i'm that cool)  we used to go to this one restaurant, it changed into a bar with out us knowing.  apparently i was making eye contact with this gentleman who i found (i guess i still find him attractive) attractive.  he did the  "sup " sexual head nod. that is when i noticed him, a split second before he nodded.  i freaked the fuck out. i thought to myself  "i made eye contacted with him. he can't be 100% sure i am real " i better duck. i ended up hitting my head on the glove compartment on my way down.
i am helping my dad scrap the siding on the house. we are selling it for a profit. while it was on it, way down, it scraped against my leg, gouging out a one and a half inch long, quarter inch wide chunk of skin. i am sitting on my couch, waiting for the annoying stinging sensation to vacate from my leg.
i may as well have burned the fur off with a torch. i dread having to walk tomorrow. it sounds obvious but i'm a dumbass and i hope i can save at least one private with my story. the moral is never put harsh chemicals on your vag!! or your nuts.
i usually poop very day, and recently, it's been getting increasingly difficult to get it out. i knew it was because of my eating habits, but for some reason, i didn't change them. i just kept saying  "at least i'm not constipated, " and continuing on eating junk. then yesterday happened. i felt the familiar lump in my nethers that means it's time to drop one. i drop trow and get on the turlet. from there, it went something like this: here it comes... oh, you're a big one, aren't you? that's okay, i'll just give it a little push. hnngg.... hmm
i live in a small town with an over zealous police department. When a car gets pulled over for speeding the other two show up just to be in on the action. well while i exploring the 100 acres of woods behind our subdivision i found a hand gun. i immediately walked home, taking the gun with me and i called the police on my phone. next time if it doesn't have a clip it isn't a gun the officer tells me.
i love sunny d. it's sweeter than orange juice and reminds me of being a younger child. i decided to pick some up from the store, and i proceeded to drink it all in that day.shortly after, i got awful stomach pains after i finished the jug and proceeded to throw up.
My boyfriend and i were making salsa. i was cutting 6 fresh jalapenos. after i was done cutting all of them, my ear felt like it was on fire and i didn't know why so i went to take a nice cold shower. then all of a sudden my eyes and vagina felt like they were on fire too just like my ear was. i freaked out and  my boyfriend came in the bathroom. he told me that i wasn't suppose to touch any part of my face or body after cutting jalpenos or hot peppers. so he poured milk on my face and vagina and he also used rice. after the burning sensation stopped i felt relieved but then later
i accidentally shot my roommate's 42 inch led tv. now it has a 1 inch white bars originating from the point of impact. i now have to pay a technician to estimate the cost of repair and possibly buy a brand new tv. to afford all these costs,i may have to sell some of my stuff.
i had just moved house to a lovely close knit neighbourhood and naturally had about a million boxes of crap to sort through. In one of the boxes though i stumbled across my darth vadar rollerblades i had as a kid. i got incredibly nostalgic and excitedly tried them on right then and there. After about 10 minutes i figured i should take them off but why not just keep them on? i was certainly able to move things around quicker from room to room, plus it was pretty fun. 2 hours later sat in front of the tv with some alphabetti spaghetti, too lazy to bother taking the skates off u2026 when i heard a knock at the back door.
i was stuck in school in drama boosters. i was re-reading some attack on titan manga while everyone got on with their work. since we were working in a different room that was adjacent to our normal room, you could just about see that the lights were on. my teacher questioned this, and me being the helpful guy i am told her i'd go and turn it off. i walk in without checking and right there in the middle of the room is my friend who was right in the. middle of kissing his girlfriend. they freeze, i freeze.  I mumble something about the lights and switch them off, leaving them in total darkness. then nope'd the fuck out of
i got mixed up because my motherboard has am3+ series cpu (which was why i bought it) and i guess i can't differentiate processors from graphics cards, or whats a 3 and what's a two. i have to cancel it via ups to get my refund from newegg. i call them to talk to a guy, and my cat knocks over my tarantula tank. fuuuuck. anyone else fuck up $150 purchases like i just did?
Last night for thanksgiving, my grandma wanted to make mini cheesecakes for dessert. i offer to help, which somehow turned into each of us making our own. i jokingly tell her that,  "this is an iron chef competition now! ". so i raise my cheesecake standard, a lot. made my own crust and filling with fresh raspberries sprinkled with sugar. my grandma used nilla wafers as crust and canned cherries.
i stripped down to my bra to change my shirt for dinner. when i left the closet, the kids were still looking for 16 year old nephew. found him in the closet that i was just in.edit: we are related by marriage, not blood. We were playing hide and seek.
 "i can't do shit on my phone. so, basically, i was messing with my phone, and i found a setting. curiosity got me and i activated it, so now i can'tdo anything, " he said.  "i found a set and activated it, " he added.
The teacher was explaining how girls are getting stoned in afghansitan, where i laughed because i thought of the other stoned, you know.she death stared me and i eventually had to explain why i laughed. the teacher was explained howGirls are getting Stoned inAfghanistan.
Somebody is printing a contract for a client, and picks upp the whole pile of papers in the printer. then comes back out of his office holding several nudes, asking who is printing porn at work. Since it's a small office, and two of the ones working here are a married couple, the my boss kind of knows who printed the photos.
A stream of molten metal went flying across the kitchen. landed on the counter and all over the floor. left huge scorch marks everywhere it landed. last year i overflowed the sink and wrecked the laminant floor and the basement roof. i forgot the pot of water on the kettle.
My nephew wanted me to teach him some tricks with the yoyo so i decided to show the most basic one of all walking the dog. Upon trying this trick i hit myself in the nuts and then my 5 year old nephew learned a new word mother fucker. i'm a shitload of trouble with my sister because her little boy won't stop saying mother fuckers.
i'm studying abroad, and yesterday (thanksgiving) our abroad group had no classes and a group potluck feast. i got up bright and early to start preparing, also started drinking. i passed out two hours before the feast and woke up two and a half hours after it started. i sat in the corner pigging out, ashamed of myself.
i forget things when left to my own devices, but with a regimented class schedule i do a good job of getting things done when they need to be. i have done fine in the class and enjoyed it. the topic was global protest, and as a history major this was going to be easy. well yesterday, i just remembered it. like a wee bit ago.
A three-year-old girl put her hamster in the microwave. The hamster exploded within 42 seconds of putting him in there. The girl's parents were not home at the time of the incident. The Hamster's remains still line the window of the family home.
Since we have a child together (8 months) we had to decide who's side of the family gets which holiday (turkey day/xmas) My side gets to have today while her side gets xmas. What i did was not explicitly promise that we would get to visit her family after dinner tonight. She is now giving me the cold shoulder and i have no idea what to do right now.
The original worker didn't want to work on black friday, so i picked it up to make some cash. The girl apparently misunderstood the staffing situation, and told me the opposite of what i'm supposed to do. now i'm probably facing some sort of disciplinary action from my work and there is nothing i can do to avoid it.
My dorm room's door lock is the push-in sort, so when it hits the wall with moderate force, it locks. i had to walk all the way to another residence (10 minutes one-way) in the dark on somewhat dimly lit streets on a cold night. thankfully, it turns out the keys are in the commons block and i get asked a few personal questions.
i overdrifted and took out a stop sign before rapidly jamming drive and reverse to get away. the sign fell out from under the car a bit later and i drove it home to tell my mom. i told her id pay for it but i still cannot believe my stupidity. has anyone else done anything of this sort?
i was on a good bit of lean and whiskey at this folk concert in new orleans. my buddy had been singing that song  "can i smell yo dick " as we were walking to the show. i sing along with him. the two girls next to me start singing it really loudly. all of a sudden, i hear the loudest shooshing noise coming from the stage. i guess the ladies were trying to sing some hymm.
Last week i bought a pack of mr brain's frozen pork faggots. They take a good while to cook in the oven, so i preheat it for 10 minutes and then put them in for 45 (as per the cooking instructions) i live in a three storey house (not that big, it's actually quite narrow) with some other students, and was upstairs in my bedroom as my food was cooking. i ran downstairs and, thinking i was alone in the house, shouted  "mmm-mmm! it sure smells like faggot in here! "my housemate was sitting on the sofa. His spanish boyfriend was in the kitchen.
The alarm went off at 1 in the morning. i don't know what i did to set off the alarm. i returned my friend's card, but since it records who swipes in, he is going to find out. i guess i just get to wait for the fallout now...
i hadn't shaved it before, so the hairs were quite long. i tried going for it with the razor, but it wasn't working too well because the long hairs would get stuck in the blade. i decided to get some scissors and trim down the hairs first. when i trimmed them, i would pull them taught to avoid cutting myself. after a few snips i suddenly felt a stinging pain in my ballsack.
This is a great account of the accidents that happen when you work in a warehouse.  "i saw black spots for a second like what normally happens when you hit your nose...but i didn't just hit my lip. i decided to walk off with my tail between my legs, ask for the second half of the day off from hr "
As part of class activities, we all went trekking. We all had to walk 5+ miles with these painfully heavy backpacks. i started crying whilst carrying the heavy backpack, looking like a weakling. when we finally reached our second camp... i forgot to pack any food. so i had to live off boiled sweets and crisps whilst everyone munched their plump potatoes, peas and juicy sausages. i was starving.
i had an essay due for my english class. naturally, i worked on it the morning it was due, emailed the progress to myself and decided to finish it during my class break. So i'm all inspired to write, i polish my final draft, it's a beautiful analysis of carls jr commercials, works cited is actually completed and done perfectly in mla format. it's the best thing i've ever written, the conclusion is brilliant, i'm so proud of it.  so it's about 5 minutes before my class starts, i hit ctrl+s about 5 times like a paranoid parrot, and i close the word document file thinking it's gotta be saved somewhere
The ta has been grading my stuff and putting it in the other guy's box all semester and thought i just wanted to get my shit done early. the rest of the class thought this was hilarious (which it is). i've never met my actual ta. the only problem is that my lab isn't at 9:30, it's at 12:30.
This woman is nearly 40, i'm 18. She's a friend of my boyfriend's family, she drove him to the hospital once when he busted his face open when he was 7. She also happens to work with me. She sent me a long message about how rude i am, how i only think the video is wrong because i'm atheist. She called me a  "smart ass little know it all " and told me that she had no time for my  "childish finger pointing "
i was in a bit of rush so didn't notice at all either then or on the way into work - the offending item of clothing was under layers of sweater and coat which masked the smell very effectively. only when i sat at my desk in a warm office did the offending reek first start to make itself known. have now washed the sleeve and am sitting working wet-sleeved and miserable.
Today was probably the worst day i have ever had so far. as i braced for impact, i sneezed; but oh, this wasn't just any sneeze. i farted at the same time and i realized a couple seconds later that i had shit my pants.
i sharted on my hotel sheets today. thought i just needed to fart but i was wrong. i jumped out of bed as soon as it happened but it was too late.cleaned the sheets as much as i could but it is obvious that i made a mess. i u2019m so freaking embarrassed.
i hadn't seen any mold on the bread i used so i figured i'd be fine. the bread had an expiration date of about half a month ago. the next 3 hours were spent in the bathroom vacating everything within my system. i ended up with a 3am wake up call via lower intestine.
i bet there's a special place in hell for suitcase-swinging-toddler-hitters like me. seriously, kid, i'm sorry. i don't even remember how many apologies i stuttered to the family. i mean, death glares galore. poor baby didn't even cry, he was so startled.
i was at a fast-food place with my friend and there was a guy working the counter.  we decided to buy something and try and start a conversation with him, so i got a slushie. as i start to fill up my cup i was watching the guy at the counter and not my cup, which i was currently filling up with bright red slushies.  i was jolted back to reality when i felt the cold slushy on my hand and looked down to see i had not only over-filled the cup, but flooded some of thecounter and dumped it on myself.
i don't know what i was expecting, but the words  "most people who use it place large amounts of cayenne into a hot bath, remaining there until the water is cold " were a little misleading. within 45 seconds of lowering my itching body into the red vat of pepperous lava, my body exploded into the hottest and most painful thing i have ever experienced. not to mention the fact that my vagina just turned into a ghost pepper's worst nightmare.
i was driving past a self serve car wash that was advertising $4 car washes. i had exactly $4 in my cup-holder, so i decided it was a sign and went in to wash my car. i proceeded to apply a thick layer of bright pink foam with the brush, but the timer ran out just as i was finishing foaming it up. not to mention the nearest atm was at least 2 km away. i ended up doing a drive of shame through my small town, where everybody knows each other, covered in bright pink bubbles.
 "i'm just burning some time at the end of the day, that he wanted to be the filler in a hobo sandwich "  "a few minutes later he comes down to my cube red in the face,  he can't talk, his face is beet red and he's holding his mouth closed "  "it's time to bury it "
Last night my friend was having sex with his girlfriend when his dick ripped through the wall of her vagina, tore her open her rectum, and she almost bleed to death. it was kinda funny how he explained it to the emts, doctors and her parents. this is not my fuck-up, this is a true story from my friend.
While crossing the street i heard a voice yell at me from a car.   "watch where you're walking! "  i was already in a bad mood so without looking i yelled back  "fuck you, you fucking fuck ".  next thing i know i hear sirens go off and two cop cars right there.
 "The perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day "  "I can't wait for the day when i can drink it all in one go "  "The taste is like nothing I've ever had before "  "It's like I've never had anything like it before "
In need of a change i decided to go from dark brown hair to a light blonde and bright orange colour combo. bleaching went fine albeit damaging to my hair but it'll recover. now comes the orange. not realizing just how concentrated this colour was when i dripped onto my shoulder i thought nothing of it left it for a second because i had gloves on. when i finished and went to wipe it off it revealed [this] a three inch, misshapen, ejaculating penis. i've tried all the home remedies but it's sticking.
i decided that on april fools, i'm going to get an eviltron and place it inside my coworkers printer. She had to be at work at 3am so i know she would be out of it and the noises would scare her. Instead she handed it back to me saying 'nice try'
My roommate went out partying with her friends and her friend's friends (people i had never met) i'm usually cool in these situations because even though i feel uncomfortable with people i don't know being literally right outside my door i just put on a movie and stay in my room. when i heard her get back with all the people i was already close to being asleep and got up to take a shit. i go to the restroom and am about to do my business when i realize there's no toilet paper. we keep the charmin in laundry room, which is by the front door, and getting some would require me go outside and meet all these people. i got dressed and walked out
i have two roommates where i live and last night one of them wasn't home. me and my other roommate had a few drinks and, wow, what do you know, there's my roommates computer sitting in the corner. log in, mess with facebook. it's a bold move, but we had to see if it would pay off. we changed multiple parts of our dear roommates facebook page, but the cream of the crop was liking the page  "penis enlargment ". the consensus was in: we were geniuses.
i decided to rip a page out of packet and light it on fire. the fire grows a little too much for comfort and i ended up throwing it out my window to save my room. my parents then come upstairs and ask my what that smell is and my only explanation is that i was burning a piece of paper on my desk and they accuse me of smoking weed. now i have to deal with them when they find the huge spot of charred backyard in the morning and they think i'm doing drugs.
i also lost my watch, failed a test, and the stress of finals is all adding up. i know exactly where they are on a bus, going anywhere else but to me. i lost my sunglasses that i've had for 5 years.  they're $280, and a medical condition in my eye makes it almost impossible to see without them.
i'm going over tomorrow to apologize in person, come clean, and try to retain what ever man i have left in me. i want to.come clean and be honest but i think it's too late for that. her parents vary much want to believe their daughter is a darling pure angel. and she is but she's not 7 years old any more... they haven't accepted that so i wont be allowed to see her for a while. i'll update again when i hear from her again.
A lack of sleep lately causing my brain not to work. i didn't even have a mug out!!!and i'm gonna leave it like this... no long explanation needed, simply a lack ofSleep lately causes my brain to not work.
i get up at 5:45am everyday and head straight for the bathroom. i always flip on the bathroom light (which makes me squint), grab my toothbrush, apply toothpaste, sit on the crapper, and drain my bladder whilst brushing my teeth. pretty straight forward really. this morning i grabbed the tube of prep h by mistake. i figured out what i had done after a few strokes, but it still made me gag.
i got in the backseat of his car and immediately realized i had grossly over-estimated the amount of vodka and cranberry juice my body was willing to accept that night. i mumble  "i need out of the car now " , dj tries to convince me to stay. i puke. hard. in the car, in my lap, and into my purse. in my drunken wisdom i decide to exit the car and run like hell. i am so drunk i get  "lost "
 "i have had ibs for most of my life. i have had more emergency stops at fast food restaurants, truck stops, and convenience stores than i count "  "i've only shit my pants a few times, but this one time i'm about to recount was a doozy "  " i wanted to kill him in his blissful drunkard's sleep "
i was doing the ol' facebook when i saw this picture of a girl who goes to college with me. i started jerkin' the gerkin and after finishing i looked at the description and comments. to my horror i found that this was not the girl i thought it was, it was her younger sister. they looked so much alike, i feel ashamed.
i was up late last night, filling out job applications, and got into the drop box to get my old resume-just in case i needed the references. and found the porn folder. i don't mind porn, i have porn. but I don't get on web cam pages and fucking talk to people. so yeah. wish i didn't know. i feel so attractive and wanted now. thanks honey.
i was trying to follow one of the cords from my psu, i  wiggled one to get around it and the computer shut off.  so, i decide  "well, now that it's off i can at least do a full wire tuck and make it look nice "  plug everything back in, and go to turn it on. Nothing happens. i think it's either the psu or the motherboard.
i'm 20 years old and i've never had a problem with alcohol. I've never been able to stop myself from watching porn while drunk. This is the first time i've ever had an issue with alcohol, so i'm not sure what's wrong with me, but i'm sure it's nothing.
i was on my laptop at the table with my coffee in front of the keyboard. i'm usually not too careful about liquids near my computer, hence the coffee spill. as i got up from the table, my big boobs pushed the coffee onto the laptop. i will never be making that mistake again!
My girlfriend and i are both 16 and this is my first major serious relationship. We've been  "official " since february 26th and she's met my parents and i've met hers. She picks me up from school today and we finished up some math and english homework together. after that my bestfriend and his girlfriend come over and we head upstairs to my room and look at yearbooks and listen to music. we eat dinner and then my friend leaves and my gf and i go downstairs and watch drive, make out here and there and then i grab a blanket because she was cold and lay it over us. we start making out more and soon enough she is riding me (
Nothing was dry. Nothing was dry at all. [nothing was dry.] Nothing was Dry. Nothing is dry. nothing was dry, nothing is dry, and nothing isdry. Nothing's dry.nothing's dry,nothing isdry,nothing's Dry. nothing is Dry.
i said ok to a few friends coming over while i was at a lil wayne concert. ended up being a rager, which pissed me off since i came home early to clear them out. they smelt weed in the car, because i smoked in it before the concert. had the windows down and all, but apparently it was still noticeable to them.
i'm in vacation in california, so as always we bring our surfboards and longboards.today we were going to trestles, to get to the actual beach you have to hike a paved path(takes about 10 mins). so i bring my long board and ride it down no problem. when we were coming back (uphill) my flip flops keep falling off my feet so i took both of them off and went for it.  after i made it back to ny car my feet burned and i could feel cuts all over it. by the time i got home there is a huge blister under my toes and a lot of little cuts. so now i
 "#define 0 1 " makes it apply to the whole app. read somewhere on reddit that you could fuck up alot if you did that. hours later, i compiled and ran the program.. and there were errors, everywhere. I'm still trying to figure out what went wrong.
i just found out i have a class that meets thursday nights and tuesday nights, smack dab in the middle of my girlfriend's birthday dinner at her favorite restaurant. she was planning on going with her whole family and they invited me, and it's the first birthday dinner i was going to have with her. i feel terrible. i called her and apologized, and she was clearly upset.
We lost our desktop computer to a virus my little bro gave it by trying to get minecrft for free. After that we had only a laptop to use as a computer. i had been on the laptop, watching youtube videos, when i decided i should make a vine of me eating a pancake with a spoon. i know, dumbass idea.
For the past few classes this 8/10 has sat across the lecture hall from me. She told me if i didn't want her to sit next to me i could have said so and walked to the other side of the class. After a bit of silence, we start talking about 4chan, random class happenings, and the campus.
i'm glad i left, in one way, but i didn't exactly plan for it to happen, so now it's back to scrimping for a while till i get a new one. my boss is a bitch and i hate her for pushing me that far. wish i kept my cool, but this shit had been going on for too long. job would've been amazing if she wasn't there.
The story of a man's drunken encounter with a woman in New York City. The man describes how he was taken advantage of by a woman he met at a bar. He describes how the woman asked him to have sex with her in the hotel bath room. He also describes the moment he found out she was pregnant. The story is based on a true story.
So i was very drunk at 3am in town whilst out with some friends. i decided to rip a piece of foam from some scaffolding in the street (was going to use it as some kind of foam sword). the a police officer shouts at me and in my drunken state i thought i was in serious trouble so i ran. then i turn back and see a bright fluorescent arm come from no where and i'm laid out on the floor. hard.
i was at a party out at a friend's house. decent sized event; bonfire, beer pong, barbecue, heavy drinking. i only knew the friend and the couple that i rode with, and i'm designated driver. naturally i'm bored as shit and not talking to anyone. i begin to pretty much chain-smoke, as i am wont to do in situations of extreme boredom. out of panic, i let go of my hair which drops into the fire and catches along with my now burnt eyebrows and eyelashes.
A friend of mine thought it would be funny to make the spacedicks banner my background but didn't know it would project to the tv as well. i had some friends over to celebrate. well, we had the lol lcs stream on the big tv in the living room and were watching when my mom said to turn off the tv and come eat.
came home tonight, two sheets to the wind, two fingers in the air, and a big ol' gut ready to burst with the worst stinkin' bellysludge this side of the missississippi. sat on down. did the business. only this time the business did me. shit splatterin' off the toilet seat cover, rollin' down my legs. as these things tend to happen, my second ass starts spewin' white shit all over the tile floor. and well, you can guess where it went from there.
i was sitting in my mancave submitting stolen content to youtube when my son pissed me off so bad that i lit my beard on fire to scare him off. i regretted this decision and needed to swiftly handle my situation. my water bill was already seven thousand dollars because i hate my wife and prefer to spend most of my leisure time in the shower having a nice soak. the faucet was out of the question, i needed to think on my foot. that's when i spied an ounce of mary jane that i keep around so i don't get hurt. i dumped it all on my big flaming face, got really high, ate pizza, made prank phone calls.
i was out walking along the cliffs near my college campus with a friend of mine, and he broke out this very small pipe (maybe three inches) to smoke some weed.  i don't smoke often, but i had nothing to do, so i took a few hits. i was high, and just then i remembered that my tongue tasted ashy still. so i set about fixing that. just then, i stuck my tongue out as far as i could and used my fingers to scrape the ash off of it. didn't seem that weird to me at the time, but then i put the pieces together the next day when i was sober.
i asked my dad if there was any butter on the porn then quickly corrected myself and said corn. it was awkward for me and i'm not sure if he noticed or not. i thought i would share it with you guys, also thought it was kinda funny.  u00a0
A 17-year-old boy cuts his hand open with a swiss army knife. He has to have surgery and rehabilitation to get his pinky back to normal. He also has to learn how to use the knife again. He is not a horse man, and no, i am not the infamous  "mr. ed "
My girlfriend and i were participating in sexual acts. during these sexual acts, i felt the need to fart, but held it in. when we were done, we layed in bed for a bit, and she went under the blanket to give me some head, as she was still horny. her head was inches from my butthole, and the excitement of the oral pleasure let it slip. it was the most fowl smelling fart ever.
i just got home from work, and decided to wash my cares away with a hot, cleansing shower. as i bent down to get my laptop from the kitchen table, i heard infantile screams echo across my apartment complex.  "she's naked oh my godddd!!! " screamed the gaggle of junior high-aged kids outside my open kitchen window blinds. i froze, picked up my computer, and bolted back into my dark and draped bedroom.
i was looking at some funny memes while drinking some dr. pepper. then, all of a sudden, i  start laughing. however, i decided to swallow the soda, making me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. so yeah. not a total fuck up, but bad.
i forgot to barricade the door when she went in to get something. she cried when she got out. i left in shame. i, being an asshat, totally forgot and decided to barricaded the door. she went into the kitchen and got something to eat. i went in and closed the door and locked it.
i bought a reese's crispycrunchy bar and a zero for the boyfriend. i slowly peel off the wrapper and instantly notice something amiss.  crappy caramel. i flip over the package to scope out the description under the name...caramel was right in the description. what?!  they had the nerve to change the formulation of what was already sheer perfection? i don't understand.
Hollyisahat handed in a mess of personal papers to her professor. The professor just gave her a long look, got up and handed her the papers back. The first thing that comes out of her mouth is;  "i'm so sorry! "moral of the story; empty handbag more often.
i've never owned a dildo before. figured i'd buy one with some left over cash i had on a prepaid credit card i got for christmas. $20 for a glorious 8-inch silicone rod of pleasure! what a bargain. it even has a suction cup! and it comes in blue! the thing practically ordered itself. unbeknownst to me it's suction. cup had the adhesive power of nuclear grade duct tape, and the toilet tank lid came along for the ride.
My dog - a basset hound - has been obsessed with my ipod. While i was relieving myself, my butt-head of a dog decided it was a great time to chew it. He shattered the screen, and it no longer turns on. i guess my days using public transportation will inevitably be less fun, but at least this means i'll finally be able to upgrade.
i'm not one to boast, my average sized dick is average as you can imagine. but when the stars align properly, and the gods grant me favor, i can give parenthood a run for its money. i'm going at it, edging like a madman, not even remembering the last time i spilled my spunk. it was a disaster zone, and my only saving grace was that i was able to spit it out.
i go to my gym everynight around the same time 6 days a week. there are about 20-30 people that i will see there on a daily basis. one of which is a girl my age, very attractive. we will exchange looks and the gym and smile at one another every so often. last night while i was on the situp machine she walked over and started working out in front of me, probably about 10 feet away. i kept doing situps, to the point my stomach started to ache. i went to go up for another situp when i unleashed the most audible fart i have ever had in my life.
It was while i was brushing my teeth, too. it was while we were in the middle of the night. i don't think i've ever been in this much pain in my life. it's been so long since I've been in such a state of pain. It's been a long time.
i am so sorry. i am a terrible person. my friend and i were hanging out and his cat was chilling on the couch between us. we paused our video gaming to watch the state of the union address and at some point we started to kung fu fight each other like best friends do. only we didn't get very far.... so we were drinking a bit, and i felt a karate chop on my shoulder, and did a turning straight jab into his leg. although his leg was soft and furry, and made a weird noise like if you were hitting a small bongo and that bongo also was a cat. i realized then that i punched tony the cat.
i'm q senior in higjschool and we were visiting a college in the area as a class field trip. while we were walking we were going to all walk outside the building that we were at. there was two doors with a clear glass window the same size as the two doors in the middle, and of course i assumed that it was another door. i smack into it full speed and my entire class sees, it made a loud noise,  i was embarrassed, i i got a huge lump on my forehead.
i came back from class today a little worn out. due to insomnia (and reddit... grumble grumble) i haven't been sleeping well and i was just *beat*! so, i sit down in front of my computer to look at whatever the internet throws my way. a video on animal cruilty... might as well watch it. i was taught that you *always* respect animals! even if it didn't effect the end product (a stressed animal gives shitty meat), it's just *the right thing* (no tyson chicken for me!). you *never* cause any suffering in the animal. even so much as hitting a dog is something that nobody but a sub
i keep complaining about how much it's like catching fire (the second hunger games book) my friend keeps mentioning plot details don't seem to have happened in my book yet. i keep getting angrier and more frustrated at how i must just suck at reading. finally peel the dust cover off in a rage, a week later, and six chapters in. turns out i am pretty bad at reading and also bad at ordering books from amazon. whoever sold this to me: i hope that $8.54 was worth it, you scumbag.
i had the materials for the multiple choice but not for the essay that came with it. unfortunately my teacher is one of those people who will chew you out for forgetting your stuff. i ended up having to bs 2 pages worth of multiple choice questions just to have time for to get the materials. i probably didn't even do superior on the essay.
 "My first day working the counter with my own cash drawer. my first  "customer " (doesn't actually have an account with us. just lives in the motel/apartment housing across the street) is a scraggly looking dude. long greasy hair, full salt-and-pepper beard, foul smell. anywho, he comes up and asks to purchase a stamp. as i proceed to process his transaction, he's making small talk complaining about his landlord. the landlord won't shovel the walk when it snows, won't fix anything and would rather smoke cigarettes than collect rent. said landlord also happens to be the owner of a prestigious mortuary.
i was (trying to) pee in a long line of urinals today. i have shy bladder syndrome, so its difficult for me to pee when there are lots of people around. unfortunately, i let out a rather boisterous fart. instead of laughing, most of the people remained extremely silent. worst of all, everyone that was in the bathroom was in my class so there was no getting away from them.
The director of my program was stepping out of his car, with my pasty ass pointed right at him. to anybody but myself, it would appear i was intentionally dropping trousers to moon my boss as he arrived at work. he abruptly took off allowing me no opportunity to explain or make light of the situation.
This evening i got in a fight with some dude who is way weaker than me. i got so stressed of the approximate 40 friends looking at us so i got really stressed up and he just beat me up without me actually trying to defend myself. i think the main thing i got wrong was showing my fear. my mouth was really dry. i believe that i am going to be on the verge of tears tomorrow when i get asked about this fight i told everyone about.
When i was in kindergarten, i had this pretty hot teacher and i knew this even when i was a kindergartener. She was infamous for having a couple tattoos and would reveal them if she bent down or rolled up a sleeve. so one day she decided that she would give out washable tattoos as a prize if you got a math question right. she seemed to misplace them and asked the class  "could somebody help me find my tattoos? " so me being the smart ass i was, i lifted the back of her shirt, revealing her tramp stamp and yelled  "found them! " she got really fucking pissed and put me in timeout for the rest of the day. she would later forgive
i'm going to fail all of my classes because of it, unless i can get some excused. i stay home a lot, because i get bad anxiety, and some days i just can't make it into school. i don't even see a therapist or doctor about this anymore(that's another story :/)
i'm a us navy sailor, which means i wear a uniform at work. this uniform has a hat (spoken  "cover ") associated with it, which i am not normally allowed to wear inside. the normal way to keep your cover with you for this uniform is to put it in a cargo pocket at your knee. my current supervisor (who i will just call chief) doesn't like that method. chief prefers that we tuck the brim of the cover into the back of our waistband.
i had been having some stomach pains all day then they went away for a couple hours me and my friend went to a ball game we were walking then i felt like i had to fart real bad i let it happen then i shit myself. i said to my friend  "dude i just crapped my pants " he said oh shit we walked home and its a real bad idea to walk home when you shit yourself. i took a shower and the rest of the day i prayed for it to not happen again.
 "I sit by this girl in class and we have developed a relationship over the last couople of weeks and i was planning on asking her out, but today things got weird "  "I decided to go home and get super high and when i was high i called her and she didnt pick up and i caled multiple times and still no awnser so tomorrow how do i make things not so weird? "
i hate cooking, but i was hooked by the idea of a crock pot. After six years of living on my own, i decided to give it a try. It took me nine hours of work and one hour of spin class to clean the pot. The smell is still there, but it's getting better.
i got a speeding ticket going 84 in a 70 on my way to school. i didn't ask the officer at the scene to write my ticket down. i was saving for a nexus 5 because this current phone i have is mostly broken. i had been working so i could set aside car payments and gas money for the winter months.
i decided it would be a great idea to cut up an entire brick of cheese and eat it with chips and salsa on sunday. worst idea i could have possibly imagined involving cheese...  sharp stomach pains, gas, bloating, this is some grade a constipation. best part is i have a speech in the morning, i have this terrible feeling that the big, bad, brown snake is going to find it's way to the exit at the worst possible time.
 /u/< username censored> accidentally posted a picture of his girlfriend's number on reddit. The user has since been removed from the site. He was remorseful and kind about the whole thing. He has since come to terms with things and is relatively grateful for his actions.
While taking a shower, i, for some reason decided i wanted to try to stick my navel in the shower knob type handle. it was a little higher than i thought so i kinda stood on my toes and tried to put it in. while doing this, my penis touched the cold glass shower door and i shrieked and slipped in the tub. now my neck and my ass are in pain all because i wantedto stick my bellybutton into a shower knob.
i woke up this morning and my phone notified me that ten emails, saying message not delivered. an email had been sent to not just everyone in my contacts, but to every thread i have ever been part of in the last two years. most of the people i have not talked to in months. still waiting on the fall out, it is currently 10:40, this happened hours ago.
i was supposed to take three internships, 4 month each, in labs in the u.s., australia and scandinavia. i am a top of the class student and got these internships by rank, but one requirement was to get a doctors note that i got all the necessary vaccines. the deadline to hand it in was today and i don't have it, which puts my rank automatically to the lowest possible.
i was trying to throw a screwdriver down in our garden with the sharp end in the dirt so i could go back for it later. when i threw down the screwdriver, i missed the dirt, the handle hit the brick and hit me in the eye. i ended up getting a black eye from it and had to live down the shame of telling the story to my family and friends.
This was actually years ago, but as a teenager who didn't care about separating my laundry, i washed and dried my mcdonalds uniforms with whatever i happened to have dirty. As apparently, one of my socks was stuck inside my pantleg, an as i was working, it slid down to be hanging out by my shoe.
i have 2 classes left until i get my bachelors degree. The one i am in now is over next week and i have the same professor for my last class. After a tough day at work yesterday, i decided to have a glass of wine while finishing up my final project for the class. One glass turned into 3 and i decided i was done schoolwork for the night. i logged onto the on line class companion to find out whether my last assignment had been graded and found a note from the professor.
 at 10 this morning i grabbed a red hoodie out of my closet. my clothes hangers also happen to be red. i'm yelling down the hall to my husband that i have to run out and to watch the baby. then i shove my arms up the sleeves and push my head through the hole as hard as i can. except i'm blocked. my nose crunched and started to bleed and i furiously begin to fight my way out of the thing. after kicking our computer chair into our bedroom door my husband finally came to save me from the attack. i bleed every where and he laughs like a little girl. i still am in shock that this was real life.
We're moving house but can't move directly into our new one. everything has to go into storage and friends houses by monday for a time. doing a look round of everything that can fit in my car in the space left was the brushes and mop. my so has not stopped going on about it.
After roasting a bunch of duck large i had a very nice pan of fat. after dinner i put it back on the heat to liquefy it so i could strain it and freeze it, but i forgot about it and filled the apartment with smoke; now it's burned and useless.
i felt like messing around with one of my friends so i grab his water bottle. he starts to *sprint* after me and, i begin to run as well. to lose him, i jump over a table (tables are outside and lined up, like a long rectangular row) i manage to jump over at the last table in the row, and he tries to grab my leg but fails. instead he hits a kid who walks like walt jr. in brba.
A friend and i are sitting in a pep rally. We both hate pep rallies, so we started texting each other random shit. so just for the sake of being stupid, i texted,  "hey he-man you better put your dick away. you could get in trouble " i just looked at him and he flipped me off.
yesterday was my boyfriends birthday and we were supposed to have a video game night. last night i decided to make pot brownies. so when they were ready i ate some just to see how strong they were. well i ate a big piece cause in my head it seemed like a good idea. it started to kick in while i was making dinner and it fully kicked in by the time i was finished eating dinner. i stayed that way until 10pm last night and then i went to bed. when i woke up this morning i was still really really high. i just woke up and i'm still high, not nearly as bad as last night but still pretty fucked up.not sure
i'm very helpful and also very annoyed when ignored, which is by far my biggest pet peeve. this wasn't today, but i just discovered this sub, so here goes.back in college, i worked in a shoe store. this middle aged man (ah = asshole) was admiring our fine selection of fashionable footwear. i approach him from behind with a casual,  "hello sir, how are you doing today? can i help you find anything? "
i'm doing last minute work on the endocrin system for my anatomy and physiology class. i feel my stomach rumbling and lean over to let a silent fart out. boy was i not expecting the rank cloud that filled my room. i try to remember the last time i had a bowel movement. i remember that i had cheese grits for breakfast but it was only a small bowl.
 "i was half asleep still, and as i shoved my hand back under the duvet after turning off my alarm, i clocked myself right on the dick.  it bloody hurt! " he said.  "i was just half asleep, and i was just about to go to sleep. i was half-way through "
Last night some friends and i got absolutely wasted. i woke up this morning to find that i missed my first class and had a test in an hour. i remembered that i had 2 36mg concerta that i was saving thinking that it would help my hangover and help my focus on my test. half way to school it starts kicking in. i get to class, sit down, start the test and my heart is pounding. i did pretty bad on the test to say the least, and felt terrible about how i got black out drunk on a school night instead of studying. i've had terrible anxiety all day, my heart has been pounding, and was extremely dehydrated for awhile.
 "supergirl " kicked her feet for a bit... and then her shoe came down... hard... right on my left testicle. somehow it felt even worse than hitting both of them, because the pain wasn't even balanced. i tried to put on a brave face for the public, but i really just wanted to curl up for a while. i'm glad she didn't get kidnapped over the next ten minutes, because i would have been too nauseous to notice.
i work with this guy, big stoner, so we connected on that from the beginning. we started carpooling and basically smoking a lot of pot. so the other day i was giving him a ride home, and we started talking and laughing and then i decided to throw in the joke  "yes, and i've noticed you're very attracted to me ". so, i started laughing at my own joke until i noticed he was giving me a cold not-funny look,and i stopped. still a block away from his house, he got out of the car and said  "don't mistake friendlyness ", and walked away. today he barely spoke to me at all, and it
 "i'm carrying the other one with me still, yearning to earn back the right to put it on your finger "  "i have no right to have her trust me, but i want nothing more "  "if you come across a ring the the d.c, metro area, diamond igi # is laserscribed on the stone itself, can be seen under microscope "
The story's become part of my group's lore; gets brought up way oftener than i prefer. i'm 16/17, almost finished comprehensive school (high school) There's a girl in my year who i get on pretty well with, she's not really part of the  "in " crowd, seems to have a few nerdish interests, and isn't terrible looking. so me, having watched way too much tv, thinks = she should be my girlfriend. i run up to her as we're all leaving, i'm like  "hey, do you fancy seeing a movie tonight "  "yeah sure " yes!  "who's all going "  "um, i was thinking just
My english teacher hates me. She kicked me out of the class because i finished the assignment too fast. She put me at the front of the row, and a student behind me complained to her that he has trouble seeing the board because of my height. She told me to slouch down and hunch over my desk.
i'm an overnight security guard and i have to do building tours throughout the night. when i go to check the front doors and turn around to open the door i just came through. aanndddd it's locked. it's never locked. i began pacing and realized i had to call the maintenance guy to come get me out. took him a good 6 minutes to realize what i was telling him.
My best friend is home for the first time in four months (she lives two hours away) so we decided to get super high. i get the sensation that i have to pee. i ignore it both because i am ridiculously high and my friend is telling a story....finally i get up to go to the bathroom, walk up the stairs and it happens....the flood gates open and the golden river flows. fast forward a few minutes and i am in the bathroom wondering how i am going to  change clothes without my husband or best friend wondering what the fuck i am doing. thankfully my husband had a pair of pajama pants laying on the sink in the bathrooms. i put those
Last week, i remembered that my dad's birthday was coming up and decided to be a doll and send him a few of the books on his amazon wishlist. added them to my cart. used the instant checkout method, clicking on his mailing address which had been saved from the previous christmas. awesome, birthday shopping complete. fast forward to today, his birthday. i receive an unusually brief email from him saying that i may have accidentally sent him some  "personal items " and that he was going to mail the package back to me. i was extremely confused and hurried to log into my alternate email to see what he meant. sure enough, one bottle of water-based anal lubricant
This is the story of a boy who threw up and shit his pants. He also knocked himself out and spent the rest of the day with his head in a bucket and his ass on the shitter.  "i have no idea what made me sick but it was the grossest thing that has ever happened "
During the last semester i did really well, i mean really, really well. i stoped drinking and partying in order to make my parents proud. In order to celebrate my successs i bought a bottle of vine and some chocolate for myself. i didn't have a bottle opener for the vine bottle, so i will just use my knife to open it. unfortunately it turned out that my reaction seemed to be some kind of stabbing motion, and i stabbed right at my left hand that was still holding the bottle.
 "i don't know what the hell happened but i guess i left the water running for a while "  "my husband never gets mad, but he's mad now! this still counts as my worst week ever "  "i didn't do anything wrong. "  "yes you did. "
 "i was at the train station when i noticed a vending machine had a 2 u20ac credit. so i was like yeah a fee drink! i look around to check nobody was actually using the machine. and right when i falls down a lady comes up and checks the machine and was like my bottle of water didn't fall that's weird "
 "i'm like  "cool, instead of ice cream ill have an apple. " i sit down and really start to enjoy it, everything is fine " then i taste this really earthy fowl taste, and i'm thinking its just that one area wasn't ripe or something. i take another bight...and i hit it. instantly that earthy taste turns into this foul tangy disgusting bitter ass shit. and the taste is so strong i can smell it, and it smelt like dirt "
A few months ago someone at my school committed suicide, the 2nd one in less than a month, obviously it was a very tough time for everyone. at his funeral, 2 kids were joking around (this may sound inappropriate, but it was appropriate, you'd have to be there) and one of them said  "everyone hates you! " in a joking manner. i said (oh jesus...),  "careful, we don't want another one! " both their faces immediately went serious and they walked away. oops.
i went to the loo whilst baking the damn cheescake. i didn't notice that after i cleaned my arse, it was still dirty and so were my hands. more's my pity, the brown chocolate matched with the poo. and now i have an infection.
Who ever would steal a crappy pink and blue bike from the 80s meant for a 10 year old girl is a sick person and they suck. dont steal bikes. also i have no cellphone now because earlier in the day i was trying to put it in my pocket while i was riding my bike and wiped out in the bushes. my phone flew out of my hands and disappeared.
i was hanging out with some friends and we were waiting for another friend for a lift. We were hungry,and the only place nearby was a burger king. After a small meal, i felt something wrong, my stomach shouldn't rumble this much. After some thinking, i decided to let it rip... only it wasn't a fart.
 "I had a nasty shit in a public restroom and thought it was done. nope. he took his vengeance upon my bowels and made them rain down "  "i had no other choice. i wet down my non-dominant hand, wiped up the remaining goo, and emptied most of my remaining water onto my desecrated hand "
i went to the hospital to see a young guy that was dying from cancer. When i entered the room, i was shocked seeing him so thin and ill, that i didn't know what to say. The first thing that came out of my mouth was  "is everything ok with you? ". as soon as i said it... i just noticed what i was asking... of course he wasn't ok!! he was dying.
early this morning (probably 2/3 ish) i had awoken to find myself with my hairbrush covered in toothpaste and lots of pain in my teeth. i had hair in my braces and everything. all of this was done **in my sleep**. i'm pretty ashamed of myself reddit, i dun goofed.
i am at work when my bladder sends that little message to my brain to indicate its ready to be emptied. to the head (wc/bathroom) i go. in the head are two urinals with a privacy divider in between. a gentleman is all ready using one, so i pull up in front to the other and start my business.  a rather loud audible shaking sound is heard then i felt something on my hand. i look down and realized the guy just shook his snake so damn hard that he slung **at least** one drop of his urine over the privacy barrier - and it landed onMy hand!!  what. the. fuck???
i meant to go from my grandparents' house in mass to my own house near concord, new hampshire, but apparently i missed an exit somewhere and didn't realize until i saw a big  "welcome to maine! " sign. how did i manage to miss nh??
 "i can't go a day without causing mass destruction of shampoo bottles while trying to reach for the body wash. shaving is usually a bit of a challenge in there "  "i lost my balance, began to slip, and in my pathetic throws of showerhead violation-induced passion, ended up smacking my head into the wall "
i woke up with morning wetness and by defult not given much thought of it since it's a normal thing to me. we had breakfast with my sister and had a very amusing conversation resulting in plenty of laughter. the sweater i wore made me sweat bullets, it was very warm in the kitchen since my mom frozen the previous day. i had to get up to go to the bathroom but instead of going and making my business i found myself staring at a horrible starshaped mark made by my pussy.
This literally just happened. My wife and i both  have discovered vine recently and i have been trying to get her to make some adult content for weeks. this morning after some banter i convinced her to, later in the day do it. so i get to work set up my station and text my boss that i am up and running as i do every morning. it was then i remembered my wife's promise, so i shoot her a text   " hey how about you vine me some titties " i hit send.
i'd been sleeping with my wife's best friend (i'm a dumbshit, i know) and having fun with her for a while. well her and my wife had a falling out, and out of anger she threatened to tell my wife of our affairs. i told her i'd do anything to prevent that, and with an evil smile she said that she always wanted to crush a man's balls. well, she did.  she wore some high heels, and put all her weight on one till it popped. i instantly threw up, got lightheaded and passed out. when i woke, i had a horrible pain in my sack, which was slightly red. i felt,
Two seconds into this maneuver, i realized it was a bad decision, and already too late to fix. lock isn't broken but the paperclip is now stuck.  goddamnit.  always on friday, too...  always  on fr Friday, too.
The master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign. the master cylinder disappeared without warning, and. the driver had no idea what was going on. The driver had never experienced such a thing before.
i was riding the bus home this morning after working a 12-hour night shift without much sleep before work. for some reason the combination of falling asleep and the vibrations from sitting over the rear wheel of the bus commissioned a rigid, throbbing, leaning tower of mushroom meat in my pants. i woke up after a middle aged, southeast asian lady occupied the seat next to me, her legs awkwardly touching mine.
 stop adding disclaimers to your posts. it's unnecessary and annoying. just tell me the story. i don't care when it happened. i just want to know what happened and why. i'm tired of being told what happened. I want to hear the story of what happened to you.
i look after people's houses while they are away sometimes. this one time i was at this particular house downtown chicago (river north) i had to drop one badly. so as usual i go up to the third floor master bathroom and have myself a seat. just then i hear a commotion downstairs. i forgot to mention that i have not worn boxers in about 5 years. the real estate agent and everybody just stared but i couldn't care less.
i hate the animation. the colors. everything just sucks. it doesn't have the sophisticated look to it that apple signature just has. the only thing i like is the new safari browsing. which as my boyfriend pointed out is a rip off of chrome. it's horribleness.
i'm on new medications that each severely dehydrate me, and during the summer i had no problem downing a bottle of water and peeing every hour or so.  now that school is back in session i'm not able to do that anymore. i'm taking the driest shit ever. little to mid-sized pieces are falling off the slow-moving but extremely thick poop torpedo.
i was about 10 minutes into the brushing when the incident occurred. i had clenched my mouth so tight that i thought the sneeze would come out my nose. my bottom lip lost its grip and the contents of my mouth (at least 2 fluid oz at this point) shot straight up.
 requiem for a dream is a fantastic movies and you should watch it. The main plot is a parallel between a kid on drugs and his mom also on drugs. There is copious amounts of drug use and a sex scene so don't watch it with your parents. best camera work i have ever seen in a movie.
i've been talking to this girl for a while. she considers me a very good friend and she often calls me a 'brother' in the sense that i'm looking out for her.. i guess.. she recently broke up with her boyfriend. this means that she's been flirting with me more than she actually was (she has pretty strong feelings for me) prior to the breakup. she's always been like that, and to be perfectly honest, i couldn't give a shit. she didn't reply to my text last night because she fell asleep.
i have an ex girlfriend that lives about an hour from my place of residence (can't really call my frat house  "home "). we've always been pretty cordial, and because there's never really been a fair shot for us to have a healthy, legitimate relationship, there's some feelings that have been dormant on both sides. we make plans to hang out, with a full understanding that sex will be involved barring some extreme circumstance or fuckup. i get excited. we made out for a while and did high school-esque handsy shit. here's where things get fun - we stop dead in our tracks, have a ten minutes discussion on the implications of having sex (where both
i'm on the swim team. i'm not one of the good swimmers, but i still go because it's a good way to exercise. my first two dives go well, just a slight belly flop. however, on my last dive, i didn't tuck my chin down and went face first. awkwardly, i quickly walked (don't run on the deck, children) to my towel and proceeded to bleed all over that.
i was told by r/funny to post this here as well so here it goes. i can't really respond on his state of mind as to why he thinks porn sounds like my alarm. speculate to your hearts content. i'll use my imagination.
The plumbing for this toilet is really bad which forces me to flush at least 4 times before the water is clear. After i was done doing my thing i bend over to turn the little red valve under to the toilet to get some more water pressure. As i was going down i hear someone turning the door knob... the door opens and this girl is just standing there trying to make sense of what's going on. my pants were down and my elongated white ass was facing her. i could feel her staring directly at the dark hairy abyss that is my rectum. all i could think of saying was  "..sorry.. ", as soon as those words left my mouth, she closed the door
 "i look like an idiot. now i look like a idiot, " he wrote on Twitter. He later added:  "I'm not an idiot, I'm just a stupid person " He later deleted the tweet and changed his profile to a picture of a happy-go-lucky dog.
i rent a large room in a house with a roommate, there's an archway in the middle with a curtain turning it into two rooms so we each have our privacy. my roommate got a kitten a few weeks back, it's about 8 months old. the damn thing is awful cute but would not stop attacking me. if i was around it was scratching or biting me nonstop. apparently my roommate did not appreciate my swearing at her cat. so after a big freakout in which she told me  "you don't talk to a kitten like that! " she put up another divider between our rooms. i don't get to interact with the cat anymore, and am not talking to roommate
 "i've been thinking about her more and more over the past month as i've been helping her deal with school related problems "  "i've caught myself looking at her in a way that i typically reserve for lovers "  "she's the kind of girl that wears her heart on her sleeve, essentially "
i teach english abroad and this had been a topic of conversation in a hostel dorm room for several people. i was told to stop bullying her, that i denied her the right to lay in her bed. i couldn't possibly have anything valuable to retort because i'm english (i'm american)
i was jacking off in the shower when it shot out. this time, i didn't bother aiming, so it got all over my roommate's soap, shampoo, face wash, and loofah. i was in a hurry, so i quickly ran the shower and rinsed his stuff. just looked at his stuff tonight and there's all this red mildew growing on it now. i think he hasn't noticed yet, but i'll thoroughly clean his stuff tomorrow.
i've always been pretty terrible at writing and reading in general which is why i am a science major. The reason i suck at writing analytical essays is because i can't analyze text its that simple. i take everything very literal and don't question anything. My paper was only 800 words so its basically not even a college paper.
i had a hard day at work today, it was freezing, and i was crabby. i get off the subway and walk to my car when i notice that someone has parked roughly 6 inches away from the driver's side, blocking me in. i yell at the offending car, exasperated. immediately after that, the owner walks up and hastily opens the door. he had been right behind me as i yelled like a crazy bitch at his empty car. we both say nothing and i make a quick getaway u2026 to coincidentally follow him for a good 5 miles and probably look like i'm trying to take my revenge.
i was gutting my bathroom. i tore the drywall out and got to the old insulation. i've never had a problem with insulation itching so i went at it bare handed. my ass crack is on fire. it feel like shards of glass are shooting in and out.
i was lurking at twitter when i read this tweet from @uberfacts.  "trypophobia is the fear of asymmetrical holes (warning: don't google this). " without hesitation i googled the so called phobia and now my whole body is itching, i can't stop thinking about it!! i just learned i have trypophobia.
i was babysitting and i had to use the bathroom, so i remember noticing that the toilet bowl was a little more full than it probably should've been. i went ahead anyway and when i flushed the toilet it started filling with water but not draining. i grabbed a cup from the counter and started scooping water out of the toilet and into the sink. after a couple minutes of that when the sink was full too, i realized the fucking sink was clogged also! so i started pouring it into the shower. once the water stopped flowing and i scooped out enough water so that it wouldn't overflow, i took a bunch of toilet paper to try and clean up the flooded floor.
In english class at cegep (high school) a friend asked me if there was alcohol in a box of bailey's. When I said yes, he ran to the garbage and made himself puke, again and again. It turns out he is muslim and he can't take alcohol.
i was browsing reddit when i heard someone walking up to my desk. quickly i opened a new tab and typed a website quickly, hit enter. it turned out to be my boss and he looked at my screen and smirked. i looked at the screen and in my horror, i had typed: reddit.com, and my most visited subreddit was /r/leagueoflegends so it went automatically to it. thank god his son plays league and he just walked away.
The story of a 19-year-old man who got a piece of rubber stuck in his ear. The story was inspired by a real-life incident that happened to him. The man was taken to hospital and treated for an ear infection. He was left with a sore ear for the rest of the night.
i am a male, 20 years of age and i am currently working in a kiosk/newsstand/shop/store in the second largest city in norway, bergen. A jewish man, dressed kind of like this, walks in.  "where do the airport bus leave from? " he asked me. i answer to the man, happy to help,  "from platform a! " he looks confused and i repeat myself by saying:  "a for anders " which is a common
It started with a nice lunch and fresh picked habaneros.  "maybe it's just me " i think. i insert myself into the normally magical place that's warm and wet. nope. it's a chemical reaction of fluids waiting to set off the capsaicin coated on my penis.
 "i was trying to raise awareness because people always get bullied here and the teachers aren't doing jack shit "  " halfway through the mass a teacher pulled me over and scolded me for god-knows-what "  "next thing i knew i almost got expelled, i don't know their reason "
i'm a bit of a slob. i leave my clothes lying around, i'll often leave soda cans and beer bottles at my desk for days before i expend the energy to toss them in the recycling, and generally the only time i make my bed is when i first put on a fresh set of sheets.  so tonight  i laid down in my unmade bed, same as any other night.  as i lay there in the dark, waiting for sleep to overtake me, my thoughts turned to an old crush whom i hadn't thought of in a while. i imagined taking her back to her place after a date and giving her a passionate good-night kiss at her door.
i've been dating this girl for about a year, and she finally asked if i wanted to have sex last night. me, being the sex-crazy nerd i am, enthusiastically said yes. she broke up with me and insulted me on my prepubescent won-ton. she said she was going to tell all her friends and my friends about it all. i'm contemplating suicide. what do i do? should i call a suicide hotline or the police? can she be arrested? i'm so pissed off, yet extremely depressed and sad. please help.
i was talking to a coworker about my favorite websites like reddit and how i love to browse reddit when i'm on the pooper. this led to me giving a grotesque monologue on things to do while you poop. when it became painfully obvious to both of us that the conversation had went, how should i put this *winks*, down the toilet, we both sort of  grimaced. then i let out this gem.
i was closing up my department and culling (aka pulling the bad product) i was hungry and decided to grab one of the slightly rotten peaches. like the idiot i am, i decided to eat it right then and there. took a few bites of some of the rotten part (relevant) on accident but didn't finish it. went to go leave the room and the lp is right there with the night manager right behind. i try to shut the door quickly but he opens the door back up and sees the evidence in my hand. i'm now suspended for idk how long.
i usually keep my head shaved or closely cut, but i have been lazy over the last few months and didn't bother shaving (in part because i think my roommate may have been manscaping with my electric razor.) As summer has been approaching i have really been meaning to... so last night it seems after i returned home from post kickball game beers, i plugged in the razor and gave my head a much needed quick haircut.
 dropbox stores pictures taken on your automatically to all devices including my laptop. so i was wondering how everything looked down there, so i took a pic of my dick to see, i quickly deleted it after but failed to realize that dropbox stored it. today me and my friend were looking at old pictures on finder and then a dick pic showed up... my friend proceeded to laugh his ass off and now he thinks i'm gay...
i work at a media corporation, and i was working on a high school sports story about a notable team of cross country girls. i was talking to the coach, and he was speaking about one of the girls in particular who is a star athlete, the second fastest in our state. not only that, but she is an honors student, and consistently gets good grades. i commented that she sounds like an incredibly well-developed girl. the conversation halted.
i work as a vendor in a pretty large cosmetics store all over my state. while working on location i went to the restroom to handle my business. My keys flew off the belt which i always hook my keys on. The plumber finally came, he detached the toilet from the ground and lo and behold  the bulldog was the only thing holding my poop covered keys.
The tifu was on a road trip with his family in South Africa. He had eaten all of the snacks he had bought for the road. After a particularly large bump, he decided to poop. The result was a torrential downpour of diarrhea all over the car and his family.
i am a fire spinner (using a fire staff) and fire breather. i went to a friend's party and decided to do my thing on the roof. it went excellently well - i was really in the zone. i had even breathed fire successfully earlier, but i tried something new without practicing: kneeling down and breathing upwards, rathern than at an angle. the result: a drop of kerosene fell onto my beard, and another on my shirt. i spent five seconds with half my face on fire.
i was on autopilot...  "hey, time to take my medicine "... containers look absolutely nothing alike... and didn't really figure out my mistake till i was wide awake at midnight and my bc pill was still in its packet. it's going to be a long night and an even longer day at work tomorrow...
 rule #4 at the sidebar.  "do not post... comments " can we include misandrystic in rule. #4?  "Do not post ... comments " #4.  "Do Not Post... Comments " #3.  "Please do not post any comments "
i had a reason for drinking, but i can't tell her because it's kind of a cop out. i have depression and anxiety issues, and i'm also being tested for bipolar disorder. this weekend happened to be one of the ones that was on the downward swing. i used alcohol to cope with the depression and anger creeping inside me. that was not a smart move as evidenced by drinking way more than i could handle. i am quite upset that i ruined a good looking relationship, and now i don't know what to do with myself.
So i just got a new 51 " active 3d tv. The first thing i watched as avatar. it was so amazing i wondered what porn would be like. since i didn't to touch a new remote and put dick germs onto it, i elbowed the off button and went to shower and off to bed. The next day, my family came over, the first thing the cousins and parents went to do was check the tv out.
A long while ago in the middle of the night i needed to go to the bathroom so i got up and started heading to the potty. There was a laundry basket just sitting there.so i tripped over it and hit my head on the side of the door frame. i remember seeing red, passing out, waking up, and looking in my mirror and seeing skull. then i passed out again. and, the next day i got 9 stitches in my forehead. woo hoo.
If i'm not alive tomorrow the mightiest among you gets my ~~empire~~ reddit account. we're having a conversation (via skype) and two of my friends (sisters) get into an silly argument. i had forgotten that they are very sensitive about their weight. i get a message later informing me about my imminent demise.
i saw the  "unpublished penthouse pets " link on vice and thought, naturally, that i was about to see a gallery of urban kitties and pups amongst fancy furnishings. instead, there were boobs and vaginas. normally not a problem, but today three of my teammates were walking by and saw the nudies. i had to explain myself, revealing my na u00efvet u00e9 in the process. lots of laughter and my email is full of penthouse and petting puns.
i was sitting in my dorm room just doing some homework. out of the corner of me i see a mosquito that has probably been the one pissing me off at night so i had a rush of adrenaline. so, it lands on the wall and i slam it as hard as i can and for some reason i yelled,  "welcome to america, bitch! " as i slammed it. i forgot that an international student from china lives in the room next to me and the wall i slammed is the one between our rooms. i hope she doesn't think i'm too racist.
i forgot that my cat thinks he's a fierce lion when he's outside. he clamped on a few times and kicked me very hard, gashing my palm and puncturing a few spots up my arm. i cleaned it up really well, but today i noticed it was very inflamed, achey, and i squeezed it and it oozed pus. i researched cat bites, and of course was nearly convinced my arm was gonna get gangrene. so i went to the doctor, got a tetanus shot and antibiotics. still pretty worried about it. don't tease your cats!
 "i was a weird as shit looking monster thing that reminds me of a creature from a childrens kid show, like  "yo gabba gabba " or some shit " The two people i fucked were similar creatures as me. One was a girl, the other a shemale.double penetration. i don't even...
during the summer, my mom wanted me to get out of the house more, since we had just moved in town.  so, i decide to start going to my local gaming store to play some magic: the gathering (a card game, for those who don't know) one day, i decided to stop at the nearby gas station for a drink.  i threw it in a shitty fabric bag i got from my school at the end of the year, because it was a fountain drink, and i can't ride my bike with one hand.  the bag was slung over the front of the handle bars.  about halfway home, my deck box decided to lodge itself between the
me and my friend have been living together for almost a year and a half now. 3 months ago he got engaged. cool i was happy for him but then he and his fiance start making me feel like an outsider in or apartment. they would not speak to me when i was there,  they rarely went out if i invited them and even if they did they would sit in a corner and look miserable. so last week i started spending most free time at my best friend's apartment even took my computer over so i could study. today my roommate texted me saying we need to talk about things. when i went to talk to him he went into super angry douche mode. he yelled at
My brother-in-law had turned on my stereo for whatever reason. sound never came through the speakers because i tested it beforehand, the monitors were off because i was able to see that there wasn't that blue glow coming out of my door. when i finished i didn't turn off the video or exit out of the web. i just accidentally and every so casually pressed the home button. my speakers two floors up ignited with the sounds of a very nice lady getting absolutely wrecked by some big cock.
i was advised by one of the other runners to never drink milk the day of a meet. well i really didn't believe him and today comes around now me wanting to test it out decided to drink a shit ton of milk today. once i took that first stride when the gun went off i knew i made a huge ass mistake. to make it all worse the shorts we have to wear are tiny, they are a size large but still are higher than mid-thigh so it felt like the shit was going to come out of the shorts and how was i going to explain that?  i got a pretty good time of 21:34 on the 5k and just rush to the port
i didn't know what i was doing, just that after the transaction a uniform showed up with a radio, and then the lookout guy kept yelling the  "po-po " was coming round to pull up on me. all i could do was start scrambling, turning left and right down one-way streets making some crazy pattern to get outta there. stupid. way too close for comfort. i'm supposed to be a grown up.
i caught the 9.05am train to the city. i was a bit late and basically arrived at the station at 9.02. i waited in the queue expecting to miss the train. on the other queue for the automated ticket machine i saw an old lady, wearing a nice red coat appearing to become agitated at how long it was taking. the train arrived and there were still 2-3 people in front of me. i said  "city return please " and presented my card. as it was about to be approved the old lady quickly asks the staff for a pensioner ticket.
edit: least i didn't shit my pants like the rest of you, noobs. now my pillow is wet and i'm hungry for chicken wings. now i'm going to go eat some chicken wings with my pillow wet. at least i'm not shitting my pants.
i was adopted from foster care. at the time of adoption my mom was on a business trip to europe. my dad showed me some pic of him and her together as a lovely couple. one month passed mom is coming home with and i got a big surprise. my mom is a guy that lives as a woman, dresses as aWoman.
i can't cook food for sh**, so i do the next best thing... order pizza. after 45 minutes of deciding, i order a papa john's pizza for $10 including shipping. 15 minutes later i feel the urge to use the bathroom. i get the money from my desk and pay the man. as soon as i close the door, i hear a knock again. it's him. he tells me that i only gave him $8 instead of the $10+tip. he shows me all his money and the money i just gave him and apparently he was  "right "
i've finally become a full fledged member of the reddit community via the act of.... shitting myself. i think i had a nightmare of the mess i had to to clean up this morning. it was horrendous.. i am shamed. tifu.com.
Dental floss is a way to get rid of skin tags. It cuts off oxygen until it dies basically and falls off. My boyfriend didn't judge me too much over it. **it actually worked!** The next day i realized the floss and the skin tag were gone.
This is all of my spending money for the month, as i am not employed right now and don't have the spending money i wish i had. this comes 2 days after i clicked the wrong button on amazon and bought the 2 day shipping option for an item that cost $5, which wasted another $10. looks like i'll be staying inside the rest of the month.
i work as a ta in my university, teaching math. today i had to practice a certain concept they'd been taught by the instructor during the lecture earlier this week. i decided to try and elucidate it using an original example i'd come up with. in retrospect the example was so needlessly convoluted that it not only did not make matters any clearer, but even those bright students who thought they'd got it from the lecture, left my class feeling confused and angry with me. a couple of them walked out on me mid explanation in a demonstrating manner before the class was over and i heard snickers behind my back. how can i make things right with them? How can i restore their
Baby raisins are rehydrated with liquid shit. Baby's digestive systems can't break down raisin. Baby was fed raisined grapes last night. The same liquefied poop from the night before was everywhere, down her legs, inside her jammies, in her little foot sock.
How do i get melted plastic off a glass toaster oven door? pic in comments. No one knows i did it yet. How do you remove melted plastic from a toaster door? How about a sandwich bag? How do we get the plastic off the door of the toaster? How can you remove the plastic from the door?
Chocolate chip cookies require 1 cup of butter, rice krispy treats require 1/4 cup. 1 stick of butter = 1/2 cup. butteryasfuck wants to make a half batch, what's the probability that he will forget how to use fractions and doesn't remember to half the butter? i end up with twice the amount of butter in my next dish.
i was in an improv class playing the part of a soldier, and when asked where i was stationed i replied 'al jazeera' which is a television network. i was playing a soldier and was stationed at al jazeera in Qatar. i said this because i thought it was a good name for the network.
i was in the same town again, looking for spots to skate with some friends and an acquaintance who lived in the area. someone said something about going to another spot and i said something along the lines of,  "oh, is that near that mansion that has the slave house? " then, to my horror, i heard,  "dude. i live in that *slave house*. "
Master keys to a facility where my employer is doing some remediation design. last time i used them was 12/21, not a clue what i did with them after. i spent the day scouring my apartment, office, and car; no joy. client is extremely security conscious and it would reflect very poorly on the company to report the set missing.
 "i am not looking forward to tomorrow. i left quickly and drove home with a full bladder. i then bent down to look under the stalls and notice at the end my boss's shiny black shoes "  "i loudly exclaim,  "what is that fucking smell! " i then left quickly.
My friend and i were hanging out in his living room drinking loads of beer and eating chips and salsa like starving madmen. After a couple hours of drinking beers, he runs into his pantry and pulls out a bottle of honey jack daniels. having never had it before, i happily obliged. i was taking double shot after double shot. when all was said and done, i drank 10 double shots within 20 minutes. before i knew it, it hit me like a ton of bricks. i fell on the floor, my friend dragged me to the couch, he put a blanket on me, and i passed out. when i woke up the next morning, i could
i was approached by a man who said he was a designer for armani. He offered to give me $200 for three leather jackets. He said he would return the money when he was back in the U.S. A month later, he showed up with the jackets and gave them back.
i gave one of my best guy friends the impression that a girl he's into has mutual feelings about him...when i don't actually know if this is true. i was just trying to give him the confidence to make a move when he usually psychs himself out before he can even say  "hey " to a girl. but if he tries to talk to her and it goes badly and he embarrassed himself...he might not forgive me, and i honestly wouldn't blame him. idk how i thought this was a good idea.
i was blasting my music and go through the green light at a blind intersection. cars stopped from all directions. go through only to see an ambulance speeding towards me. i gun it only to plow into a snowbank. i'm still in a lot of pain.
i just moved last week and today i noticed my furnace pilot light had gone out. after trying to light the pilot per the instructions on the unit with no luck, i decided that it might be dust causing low gas flow. so i took out a can of compressed air used for cleaning electronics and blew out much of the dust in the burner area. now i should have let the gas from the duster dissipate or turned the blower on, but instead i just went ahead and tried to light it. wooooshhh!!! giant fireball to the face! i now have first degree burns on my right hand and forearm all the way up to the elbow, plus my eyelids are slightly
i was watching the tv and thought 'that screen really needs a clean' so i got the glass cleaner, duster and cleaned it, sat back down and it was looking like i had not touched it. then the truth hit me, it was my glasses. i only got them a few years ago and i either forget to wear them or forget i am wearing them, used the new glass cleaner on the glasses and now the tv screen looks much better.
i hadn't seen him in a year and a half. it ended badly - we were best friends who fooled around a bit (like, made out) then i intro'ed him to a friend, she decided she wanted him, he picked her over me. i called her out as a backstabbing whore.
i'm 28 and i just moved back to my hometown after quitting my job and moving to a bigger city months ago. My mother came to visit me earlier this week, with the express purpose of riding with me on my return journey. She's crazy and over-bearing and thought that i would die of a bloodclot in my leg.
She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was not happy. she was driving. her friend u2019s car. She wasn u2019t pleased. and was not amused. She u2019d been in a car accident and was driving a friend u201ds. car.
 "i'm now banned from the thanksgiving pot luck "  "i made what looked like the most amazing dish the thanks Thanksgiving table would ever see "  "to make a long story short, the next day everyone who ate my cheesy mess ended up in the doctors office with explosive asses "
 "My bowels have never been so forceful in my life. my bowels are very forceful, " he said.  "I've never had such a forceful bowel movement in my whole life "  "I feel like I'm going to pass out, " he added.  "It's so forceful. I've never felt this forceful before "
 "i'm terrified of spiders and believe one should know thine enemy "  "my backyard is in a total state of disarray, why don't i get it cleaned up? "  "i let out the most high pitched, girly scream a girl can make, followed by a loud, uncontrollable series of oh god no's "  "My downstairs neighbor came outside to take care of the problem "
Every year i bring my pomeranian, gretzky, to the groomers to get his fuzzy winter coat buzzed off. having recently acquired a  "pet grooming kit " i thought i would do it myself, and give him a mohawk while i was at it. sadly, dog grooming does not appear to be one of my natural talents. it is way harder then you would think to get it all even.
i biked to my last ever collegiate final. when i had completed my final i walked outside to find that my back tire had popped. i was forced to walk my bike a mile and a half home. about halfway through my walk home . . . it began to rain.
i'm a bit freaked out and not sure what to do. i would never mention it due to common decency but now i'm scared to call back in case it's a backroom couch scenario. i decided to google the number given to find out more information about the company. the first result was a fetish hook-up site.
In religion studies some idiot was supposedly having a spasm and said he was having an orgasm, not knowing the difference. i tell her about the horrible mistake the kid made and it ended up turning into a mistake of my own. everybody went silent and stared at me. my sister was there too, and it was all she was talking about to me on the ~100m walk from the bus stop home.i'm an idiot.
i hadn't eaten since around 9 am central time, it was now 6 pm mountain time. i decided to buy some pizza and sweet tea to wash it all down. After about 15 minutes down the road, i've downed the pizza and milk and now it's dessert time. I take a bite out of the cantaloupe and think, this tastes weird... i flip the label up, high fructose corn syrup is the third ingredient. immediately i stop eating the shit. it tastes funny still but i am chalking it up to the hfcs. i projectile vomit into the new mexico wilderness.
 "i lather the shit onto everything including my crotch, and just let me tell you, when a soap says  "electrify, " it means fucking business "  "my five minute in-and-out shower easily became a ten-minute sit-there-holding-dick- and-balls-as-if-they-will-fall-off shower "
Since i have a job, i can afford to make my cannon a bit more... *industrial.* this includes a [push-button barbecue igniter] to light it off, because only peasants light their spud guns with lantern lighters. i got the parts after work today with the intent to assemble them some time in the next few days.
Superglue got stuck between my front teeth and tongue as i was gluing my phone back together. So i decided to lick my finger to try stop them sticking together. Next thing i know, my tongue is stuck to my top front two teeth... so i finally got it unstuck and now have a filthy taste in my mouth.
what was seen cannot be unseen & i am scarred for life. as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks. what was seen can't be unseen and i am scars for life, i am a scarred man. i will never forget what i saw, i will always be scarred.
i don't know how to open a bottle of wine, and i wasted my money, time, and energy. i didn't even get the fruits of my labor. c'est la vie. tifu, i bought my first bottle of. wine since i'm celebrating finishing college and wanted to upgrade from. my usual boxed variety or beer. unfortunately, i have never used a corkscrew and only managed to remove the cork. half-way. instead of re-trying the corkscript, i decided to try to pry out the. cork using a knitting-needle.
Two friends have uploaded passport information to facebook. i think they really fucked up, but no doubt i'm about to visit down vote hell because its not my fuck up. not really my screw up. Not really my f****** up. I'm not a bad person.
The group put glitter, soap and silly string on cars. The driver was close to being beat to death by a mob of rednecks, the cop had to break it up. One person sent in an estimate 0f $2500 and there were *tons more reports just from last night.
i'm working at a summer camp with very few employees (about 20) my roommate is a super nice guy whom i didn't know until this summer. i was gardening with a good friend of mine, and we started talking about my roommate, whose name i used. i continued to mention how he wasn't the best volleyball player, as we played volleyball last night and he cost our team a few points. we hear a greeting, and turn around to see the head gardener and my roommate. it was the gardener who had said hello. they had just driven up on a card with a fairly loud engine, though i hadn't heard it approaching. i can only assume that my roommate
i bought a sony vaio e series back in march that was suppose to come with sony imagination studio programs. i came to find that it in fact does not have these programs. went to the store and they said to call sony. customer service. i thought it was a direct line to the customer tech support. i only realized my mistake once i was off the phone with this guy.
The author spent his last quarter on sour candies. The candy left him with a sore in his mouth and a broken spirit towards the candy he loves. The author's sister laughed her a-s-s off as he tried to spit them all out.  "i could do this. i'm going to finish it! "
i was choking the old butter churner to some videos of ill-repute. right as i reached the point of no return something i needed to do for work popped into my head. it was hands down the worst orgasm i've ever had, and i probably won't sleep for days. that is all.
i was bored with reading and started feeding the squirrels, tempting them with food in my hand to see how close i could get to them. for some reason i decided that it might be fun to see if i could actually pet one. the video link below shows the outcome...marked nsfw due to language.
My roommate is a horrible germophobe and they walked in on me stark naked in the living room on the couch. They had me clean the couch and now i'm lying in my room feeling the most horrible i can possibly feel posting to reddit.  i guess this is one way to relieve some pressure.
 "i've never been pepper sprayed but i think if this isn't worse, its damn close "  "i would say i took about 8 cups of black pepper to the face. i washed my eyes out for a good hour. theyre swollen but it's better than it was. it's in my nose and my throat too and they feel like theyre on fire "
i have a summer job working with insects in a lab. i'm mindlessly picking bugs out of cups and putting them into other cups when i come across this one insect that is holding onto this leaf strangely tighter than usual. after 30 seconds or so of trying to gently pick this insect off with my tweezers i get frustrated and give it a good hard pull, right as i realize that it isnt holding onto a leaf, its holding onto another insect, mating.holy shit fuck up of the week? wow.
i burned two hole in my fingers. my index finger has a couple blisters on it but my middle/ring fingers are the worst. keep in mind that these are not blisters that have popped - i actually burned two holes in them. original thread.
i went to 7elven to get smokes and an ice coffee, no big deal. except i was kinda high which made me paranoid and kinda clumsy. i pushed the cup against the ice release and all hell breaks loose. ice coffee everywhere. including the kid standing right beside me. all i could muster was  "oh god i'm so sorry! ". then i had to stand behind them in line.
i was in my parents garage attempting to get my golf clubs from the attic. as i jumped the ladder tipped over and needless to say i didn't make it. i knew my mom had heard it so i jumped up quickly and as soon as i did she opened the door to the garage. she asked what the loud noise was and i lied and said nothing a box fell.
The forces of the universe were clearly against us going climbing together. pulled over for speeding, turns out the cop's radar gun was wonky. dumbasses driving brought traffic to a slow crawl. to top it all off, a bird flew into my windshield, scaring the shit out of me, almost causing me to drive myself into a ditch.
i realised, two hours later, that there's an error in my website's URL and now i have 100 useless business cards that cost a lot of money. had to order business cards within a short amount of time for a presentation in one of my classes. panic because yesterday the guy says they're the wrong dimensions. remake them send them, yeah, they're okay, awesome. get here at 8am and i open the box. looks good.
i used to have a huge fear of the dark when i was 14. well not today, but more like a year ago. i almost cried. luckily i maned(?) up and fixed it by (while peeing) by taking the shorts off and using them or suck up all the pee. i still slightly smelled of but covered it up with axe bodyspray.
i accidentally grabbed the wrong bottle and started the dishwasher, then went to take a shower.  when i got out i found about 3 inches of bubbles covering the floors. i didn't realize how hard it would be to clean up all these stupid bubbles.  :(
i am a straight girl, who is also a very outspoken feminist. i, for some reason, get really turned on by lesbian porn and porn where women are being forced to be submissive to men. i had a class and left my mom home with my computer and she saw the open pages of what i had been looking at. she now wants to know what happened to make me watch such things and thinks that i was sexually assaulted and should go to therapy.
i go on walks, long walks. during these walks i always bring a water bottle, or two, and drink constantly. today i felt adventurous and decided to walk all way to the other side of my neighborhood. of course i had to piss like never before just as i got to the area with houses upon houses. every other time i come here to piss it's empty. today it's all but full. i don't give a shit if these people get splashed or something, i gotta go. i get to the urinal, and just explode on it.
 "i had just started a new job and my sister and i had some of our friends in town "  "The next thing i remember is blacking in, in a hospital, with a sore ankle, peeing and missing the bed pan "  "i ended up having to get surgery the next day to get screws and a plate put in it "
A couple of days ago i severely screwed up by causing my so immense pain where the sun don't shine. While being on the edge and making *rough* love to my dame, my 8'' phallic slipped outside of her tunnel. i was so into it that i **accidentally** rammed my meat flute into her rectum.
My car is perfect, it has a camper shell and a matress in the back. so i pulled behind an empty frys market place. we start going to town, you know... plowing guts, and right before we climax, *tap tap tap*  "put your clothes on and step out of the car! ". me and my s.o. both got indecent exposure charges and my possibly become sex offenders.... yay-_-
In 2009, i got a temp job for a year taking care of the computer systems in the library in a large university. The way it was setup required me to go to every machine, thaw them, install updates, reboot, freeze. i was working on 3 computers at a time, and would take a few hours. i figured, hey, i might land myself a job if i get this a little more automated! it'll give the it guy more time to work on other tasks! i got to it, get scripting, and after about 2 weeks, i had my first script out. The script would automatically thaw the machines i wanted, update, and freeze again. i
My grandfather passed away a year ago, leaving a car behind. The deal was then that provided i would drive my little sister to and from school every day, i could use the car untill i moved out of the house. Fast forward two years, i have now moved away, so the time came to give back the car. So in order for it to be nice and shiny, i decided to wash it.
i was going to ask her out tommorow i guess this has set me back a while. on sunday night i realized that i was behind on all the you tube channels i watch and that i had to get up to date with them. cut to the next day in english class i was regretting my decision of staying up late the previous night and was having trouble keeping my eyes open. i must have passed out but then i was awoken to being pushed onto the table and everyone staring at me. then i realized  i had fallen asleep on the shoulder of this girl i've had a crush on for a long time and to make things worse i had dribbled on it as
This is the story of a boy who smoked weed in his father's house. The door to his room is locked, but he managed to get it open without checking. The result was a naked boy with a milked bong around his mouth. The story is the result of a battle between the boy and his father.
The rash was on my balls, penis, butt, hip, and (i dont even know) my lips. All day today ive had my genitals wrapped in a cool wash cloth, ive gone through half a stick of chapstick, but everytime i stop focusing on not scratching; i scratch. Its been a shitty day and at this point ive just taken a large amount of nyquil so can hopefully sleep without scratching.
A friend of the author's tried to kill herself. She died 11 hours later.  "i don't want to talk about it. it was pretty bad "  "i'm not a good guitarist. i was attempting to play *nirvana - smells like teen spirit* and failing "
The pan was too shallow. grease spilled over, house filled with smoke. yay, cooking skills! the pan wastoo shallow. grease spilled over,. house filled up with smoke! yay,. cooking skills. the pan Was too shallow, grease spilledover, house full of smoke.
 "I think it's fair to say tifu is a bit of a turn-on for me, " he says.  "It's not like i'm trying to be a man, it's just that i want to be with someone who's a bit like me "
i'm having a few friends over and one of them checks at my browser history and looks at all my fucked up searches and porn views. some of them are really bad. i don't know what to do. i just want to go home. i want to be with my family. I want to sleep.
17-year-old has been drinking too much. His parents thought he was dead. His girlfriend had made-out with her ex-boyfriend the weekend before. His school work has started to suffer as a result. If you have any advice for a guy that seems to fuck up anything he touches, it be appreciated.
So i am a male, as the username implies. due to poor planning i ended up in a history class that focuses on women. as you would expect the teacher is a hard core feminist. the entire semester my teacher talks about how all guys in history want to do is have sex. despite all this, ms. s has one nice rule and that is if you have a 90% in the class you don u2019t not need to take her final. so my every last assignment before finals my teacher gave me a c on assignment putting me at an 88%. i figure it must be a mistake and that u2019s i u2019ll just go to her office hours to change it
i recently switched departments and when asked about my old department, i answered honestly about how poorly i was treated and how the culture was so driven by fear that it stopped basically everyone from doing their job. i should never, ever have said anything under any circumstances. i'm afraid i'm going to get let go in the upcoming weeks because of  "culture " reasons for being a  "gossip " even though i'm great at my job and i fly under the radar (usually)
i have lost ~60 pounds this year, and i take progress pics naked. today after the gym, i remembered i had been working my back for about a month now. i decided i should compare my back from a month ago to current. this includes my whole backside. now, i usually store my photos like that in a locked photo app, but i was in a rush to get to work, so i completely forgot about that, and the photos were left in my camera roll. well, fast forward about 5 hours. i'm at work, and my male friend comes by to see me (yes, i'm female). i have a passcode on my phone, and he
i was on a plane from heathrow to frankfurt (original departure iad in washington, dc.) a crying, screaming infant looked over and puked on me. i muttered  "oh fuck you. " the woman's jaw dropped. she called the flight attendant and complained. the woman moved me to a middle seat between two big fat people. the whole flight gave me dirty looks for the rest of the trip.
The car broke while i was driving in the middle of winter in washington. i didn't even go to zips for myself. i went to get a burger for my brother. :|  the kicker? i didn u2019t even go for myself, i went for a burger. i u2019m sorry.
i have never used a needle for drugs although i am a pretty experienced opiate abuser. i usually just plug everything but the dilaudid i got a bunch of wasn't doing a damn thing swallowed, plugged, or snorted and i was getting frustrated. i actually out of nowhere decided to go to a needle exchange, pick up all the gear, and stab myself a bunchof times before finally finding a vein.  it was fucking incredible. now i think i'm really fucked.
 "i literally told my mom that i need to was my hand before i shower or go to the bathroom so i don't burn my willy. welp, guess who forgot to do that! this guy! now as i sit in the bathroom thinking of how stupid i am, i type this sorrowful message to you guys "
 "i was texting this girl that i'm interested in, and everything's going as it usually is, we're just texting back and forth, no problem " then she starts giving shorter answers, and the way she was texting i could tell something was wrong. so, naturally, i asked what was wrong, and, also naturally, she just kept saying  "nothing " i eventually said  "it's obvious that something is wrong, why don't you tell me? " then she said  "nope! nope nopes nope! " this just made me upset because i care about her and want to know what's wrong. she sends back  "sorry " and i understand that she is actually sorry
 "i've done this before - when it's just pouring rain, really drenching you, there's a terrible pleasure in just taking a leak "  "My body opened all the floodgates, and right after i had started pissing, i shit "  "i actually didn't fall or crash. i just kind of coasted forward, gently applying the brake "
i had eaten two entire buckets of extremely spicey buffalo wild wings, and had to drop a massive care package about an hour into the visit. i saw that the bathroom was very close to the dining room, in which we were all sitting and enjoying some nice apple pie. i planned on holding it until after the meal, but the oncoming storm of chocolate rain refused to be held back.
i was a college freshman at the time, and was leaving a marching band rehearsal when my car broke down. i managed to limp it to a gas station where i used a payphone to call for a ride. while i was waiting, i sat down on the curb and lit a cigarette. as i was finishing up, i noticed a pair of extremely attractive coeds jogging past. being a typical 18-year-old mess of hormones and perversion, i was paying much more attention to all that mobile t&a than i was to what i was doing. long story short, i instead stubbed it out on my bare knee. the scream could be heard for miles. the
A few weeks ago i had a threesome with my best friend and a girl with a boyfriend. i've tried talking to her about it and she just gives me one word replies. she was completely sober (apart from being high) same with mybest friend. she also has a boyfriend, so reddit, tifu.
 "i let my leg down too fast. the heel of my foot made direct impact with my right testicle. i fell off my bed and i stayed down. i was in too much pain to say a word or to even make a sound "  "i don't know why it happened, but suddenly i just felt a terrible urge to throw up "
 "Fucking wasps are all over my got stung like 7 times. not a good experience. backing up out of my friends lot didnt see this big ass tre hit it on my brake light not much damage i get out of his car and fucking wasps were all over me "
 "i am a very athletically built man, 6'3 " and 220 lbs. i absolutely nailed the front flip. i come out of the water, turn around, and the diving board is just floating in the pool.  i am immediately followed with grief for i totally destroyed it "  "it's your fault! your too fat and you broke it! "
A co-worker left a spray bottle on a trolley, and it exploded into the oven. The manager was on the shitter when this happened so out-she-comes wondering what all the commotion is. The following day, the gas-stop guy re-enacted it to other colleagues, causing us to have no gas for 30 minutes, and the security to chase up and shout at us again.
i was going to plan a flight to amsterdam for my friends an i. planned on sorting the flights and passport details at around 8.30pm. there's 6 of us and only 2 actually answered the phone. i finally get around to do the last 2 and they both have double barrel names. so of course i completely forgot and only put down their last name. it took me a good hour to realise what had happenned and now ive got to change both of their names on the flight tickets. costing  u00a370 each. im  u00a3140 out of pocket and the flights only cost  u00a350.
i just got an email saying my work was incomplete for this semester. apparently assignment 2 and 6 never made it. son of a bitch. update: thankfully, he gave me a 3 day extension, even though i really didn't need it because the work was all done.
This happened at the morning. yesterday i was going to bed and i could not sleep, so i let my mind fantasize a little and then i was on the business. after the release, i throw the torn handkerchief on the trashcan of the bathroom. all i had on my mind was  "oh come on, shut the fuck up! "
i work at a large sports charity for disabled people. i was set up with my company email address today and my first email out was to update all management staff and clients about our upcoming networking event. recipients received this email that i signed off with  "retards " instead of  "regards "
 "i wake up with a feeling a shame and filth, and cannot take a long enough shower to feel clean once again "  "My friend that snapped the  "pic " had 100 t-shirts, 250 posters, and a coffee mug, with a blown up pic of me bumping uglies with rotundra, and is now selling them to all my friends for 5 bucks a pop "
i got a warning, and that is all. my co-workers is now calling me titler and is joking how i  "burn " off when they call for help. the upper management guy was worried that i was a neo-nazi or something like that. other than that, he told me not to use my personal computer at work.
i spent a season in whistler, canada, a few years ago and while i was out there, my family came out to visit me. my family stayed in their condo (they were away for a while), a pretty nice place but y'know, had old people stuff there too. one night when i'm staying there with them, i find this thing which i thought was a pen in the bed side table drawer. click the little black thing again, and boom- fucking pandamonium. the flare starts rocketing around the room like bullets do in the cartoons, bouncing off the walls, ceiling, my brothers face. cue dad coming down the stairs yelling  "what the **
 "dude the only thing i've been able to think about today is how sexy you looked in your work clothes, that nearly transparent white long sleeve shirt and your tight yoga pants that's make your ass look phenomenal, ugh. all i could think about is how i want to slip them off like i did the other night and slide my fingers into you so i can hear you moan in pleasure. maybe we'll find some time tomorrow and i'll fuck you like you deserve, my dirty little slut ;) "
In one of my classes, (community college) we had a take home exam, and i swear that in the email that had the questions and in class my professor said it was due at 2:30. i get to class at 3, after doing some double checking of my answers, only to find that my professor's door was not only closed & locked, but had the light off. i email him, explaining the situation and asking if there is anything i can do. at this point, i'm just praying he doesn't give me a zero.
i thought my parents left of the evening, so i took advantage of the situation by taking off my pants and singing some tunes. well, i got a little hungry so i walked out of my room, into the kitchen, with no pants on, singing sexxx dreams at the top of my lungs. i turn the corner and there i see in the living room are my parents and two police officers staring at me. (if anyone is wondering why the police were there, they were asking if we heard any strange noises around our house.)i didn't know what to do! so i say,  "hello! " to the police officers and my parents. and bolt back into my room.
My friends and i who used to play video games together in high school wanted to stay in touch, so we created a facebook group. One of our long running jokes is that one of the kids joked about boning his dog coco. When we aren't posting stupid shit like that one weird gif of the computer animated boner, we post links to fake dog porn sites in the comments.
i lost a bet with my friends and i had to consume 10 bars of fibre 1 bars which consisted of over 250% daily recommended intake of fibre in one sitting. i cannot stop leaking poo and i am constantly farting the most boisterous and vile farts i have ever heard. now my roommates are standing outside my door laughing as i've been on the toilet for an hour now.
My friend invited me over for valentines dinner, because she and i both have long distance relationships. Little did we know that her older brother was going to be throwing a house party that night with his girlfriend. The whole house was trashed. vandalism on the walls, vases broken, as well as her cabinets smashed in. there were people playing around with lighters and axe, screwing around with the cat, and most of all, drinking too much.
i'm in serious need of blowing something up. started with me and a girl talking around the summer of 5th grade and i just a few days ago asked her out, basically poured my heart out to her and she tried to very carefully say no because she knew me for a long time. Now i have to pretend to be her friend and spend time with her every day until she leaves as a friend and found out one of the reasons that she turned me down was because she liked another guy and she talks about him in front of me. fml i'm feeling like shit because a part of me is gone now.
i was walking out of one of my morning classes, still not fully woken up and pretty oblivious to my surroundings. my gum had run out of flavor during class so i needed to dispose of it. i wasn't really paying attention and just tossed it at something that looked like a trashcan out of my peripheral. i turned around and realized it was actually just a girl sitting on a bench with her laptop.
i recently moved away from this town i had lived in for a few years, and before i moved i decided i wanted to spend one final movie night with this girl who i had a major crush on. she freaks out, jumps up, grabs her phone and basically says  "that's not what i want out of this, " then she quickly tells me that she hopes i like my new town, and runs out. now i've moved thousands of miles away and i don't know if i'll ever see her again. i've sent her a few texts, but all she replies back with are your standard fare  "okays, " and  "i sees " i don u2019t know what
A close friend of mine is currently in the hospital. He was having sex for the first time. He aimed in the middle of the vag, not the bottom (not really sure if that's how you would describe the location, important thing is it was to high up.) and all you could hear was, in his words,  "a loud snapping sound, the sound of all of my pride dying, then a blood-curdling scream "
i was working as a server in a national park for the summer, so we were all away from home. The game started innocently enough posting stick it notes on people's back that said things like  "i'm dumb " or  "i have a penis " and i thought seeing as we were essentially at a  "summer camp " i would write  "i miss my mommy " on one. yup, i picked the girl at work whose mother had died just 4 months before she came to work there.  in my defense, i didn't know that, but i still feel absolutely terrible and she left crying.
 "i was on a bus with this extremely attractive girl that i had a thing for last year. she brings up this bogo deal seemingly joking. then she says,  "wanna get qdoba? i'd kiss you...not on the lips, but... " my response, word for word,  "i already ate. " she seems slightly disappointed, and the rest of the bus ride was relatively silent "
A friend of mine messaged me on facebook, telling me why she didn't make it to rehearsals today. Her friend had been killed by a drunk driver yesterday. After giving my condolences i changed the subject to what i was doing: scrolling through /r/justiceporn. i explained the reddit usage of the word  "porn ", not necessarily being sexual, and showed her some examples.
i got up bright 'n' early this morning for work, unusual because i usually don't start until the late afternoon. came out of my room and saw my roommate's honker just basking in the bright light of day. tried to look away but i just couldn't help myself and ended up staring right at it for a not insignificant period of time.
There was a soccer tornament on monday and everyone was tired so i offered to hook up my laptop. It just so happened that the only movie i had was starship troopers, so it came to the communal shower scene and the vice principal walked in. He jumped the immediate conclusion that it was a porno and immediately took my computer. later i got called down to the office and luckily the principal was who we expland to (it's a small school so the principal knows everyone and is very understanding) but the vp nearly got him fired and suspended me on the spot.
i was at mcdonalds with a few friends. i had ripped off a straw end and blew into it toward my friend in front of me, it went over him and smacked this older man in the face from the seat ahead of me. he went on for 10 minutes about manners and told the manager. i was thrown out. i drove home and the next day a challenger with black stripes pulls up and some people gather around. walked right in, family laughing, he ended with paying me 50$ to clean my own yard.
A girl at her school was tickled by another girl. She posted about the incident on reddit. The girl has since apologized and is no longer angry with her. She is not the new [lisa skidmore], but her story is safe here because nobody has heard of reddit at school.
i was waxing my legs with my husband in the room when i came up the idea of trying the wax on him for fun. he hesitated at first but caved in. of course, his armpit hair is pretty long, so the wax application alone was pretty painful for him. when settled, i quickly ripped off the wax strip. it didn't bleed too much, and he said the application hurt worse than ripping the strip off itself.
i saran wrapped a coworker's chair. Her boss was livid and contacted security to see who had done it. There is picture and video evidence of my saran wrapping the fuck out of her chair (nothing else, i didn't disturb or take anything while i was there) and it has already been escalated to hr. my manager probably knows about it now, but i am off today and have not seen any emails yet. i almost hope that they do fire me because i think this will be a great story later in life... i would pay money in order to be able to tell the story about how i got fired for saran wrap a chair.
i was on my way to the bus station after i finished college to start my hour long journey home. i get a phone call from my ex saying that she is on the car park having just dropped off (we shall call him roger) and could give me a lift home. It turns out that laura and roger where friends with benefits and prior to picking me up had being 'going to town' in her small car... on the seat... i was now sat in.
First day off in two weeks; finally no emt class or shift covering or bar tending. bought hammock. $10 dollars. roommate buys hammock stand thing. sets up in driveway for some reason. ipad goes flying. dog= very concerned. land on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway. think i have a concussion.
i'm wearing relatively tight jeans and i'm going upstairs at my school. being tall, i decide to take the stairs 3 at a time, and they're big stairs. unfortunately, i didn't consider that my balls might be big enough and my jeans tight enough that my jeans might squish my balls mid-stride. guess what happened?
i applied a liberal amount on my legs, specifically my thighs and calves, after an intense leg work out. ten minutes later, i had to take a dump. after i stood up and pulled up my underwear, the bengay was squeegeed on to my penis and testicles by the underwear. jumping in the shower to wash it off made it worse.
Funny. facepalm.com.com:  "I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. It's just so funny. I can't help it. I just can't believe I'm doing this. I mean, it's so bad. I feel so bad for him. He's so pathetic. "
Sometimes i use a ring to keep my situation rigid while i'm enjoying some alone time. i guess i left it on too long today, because now there's this big swollen bit that's really uncomfortable. looks like a really big blister, but it's not. fucking hurts.
The boyfriend and i were meeting a bunch of friends for dinner last night but we had 20 minutes before our ride was coming so of course we decided to bang. towards the end i tell him to finish in my mouth because i still had a shirt on. at one point he looks down and exclaims  "oh *god* " and scrambles to grab some paper towels and starts simultaneously wiping off my face and his penis. there is blood, and it is everywhere.
 "I ended up losing my license for a while after that one after the *good samaritan* who pulled over to *help* just called the police instead of helping lift the bike from the gully, " he says.  "I dove into the corner quickly, rear washed out, i got dragged by the bike for 100 feet or so, " he adds.
i was cycling home from work and the other side of my knee got itchy. i was going relatively fast (15 mph maybe?) and scratching it with one hand. when i hit a bump in the road (love the awesome bike paths of la) and lost control of my bike. i fell and hit the bumper of a parked car with my front wheel and then also my chin.
i had a nice seafood dinner this evening consisting of crab, scallops, and shrimp. everything seemed fine when i finished eating (my stomach grumbled a bit, but it's to be expected since i don't eat seafood very often) a few hours go by and i'm sitting at my computer watching some netflix and enjoying a snack when i feel my stomach start to grumble. i need to relieve some gas, so i do the ol' sideways lean while pondering how bad this will smell. midway through the lean i think  "maybe i should head to the bathroom, it'll be easier to air out. " nah, i'll just let it out, i'm already
i am in charge of waste management in the supermarket i work at, so part of that job is emptying the bins. i threw a bag into the dumpster today and it got caught on the edge so it was half in and half out at the end of the bin. rather than taking the extra steps to climb down the dock ladder and push it in from the side, i stepped out onto the rim of the dumpsters. as i reached for the bag, my foot slipped off the side of thebin and with a loud  "fuck " i went straight in. luckily the only fresh waste in there was produce, and i landed standing up on a large patch of lettuce leaves. i
i'm a cashier at a grocery store.  lady comes in at rush hour, 3 screaming babies, 6 different wic vouchers.  she gets some of the wrong items, has to go back and get the correct ones, a line of impatient people has formed.  out of the 6 vouchers, i only fucked up on 1, but i just know that i'm going to get either written up, yelled at, or fired over it.
i was told to wash a rug today that had a rubber backing on it and was extremely gross. i asked if it needed to be washed with the hose outside but was instead told that it could be thrown directly in the washing machine. i figured that if it can be put in the washer i could wash it on sanitize and it would be extra clean. i was so wrong. The washer uses super hot water so it peeled the rubber backing right off the rug. i didn't peel it off in big sections but instead, in tiny pieces. this naturally plugged the drain. my washer was no longer draining water.  i had to open the filter where there is a
This happened a while ago but i'm posting anyways because it is something my boyfriend never let me live down and something that has changed me forever.my boyfriend and i decided to make the move to lake louise, alberta and got jobs at the fairmont. upon arriving, we were completely speechless and in awe of the lakes beauty. after dinner we decided to take a walk around the lake. it was gorgeous. the air was so clean. everything was so pure and beautiful. we walked all the way to the back where we stood in amazement of the massive size of the rockies before us and the glacier ahead of us. we took pictures and sat on a bench to
i had just got off work, and had just started shooting cans from my the front porch, sitting in a recliner. i was using my left foot to steady the barrel, and i was focusing so much on the little red dot.. i did not pay any attention to what was in front of the barrel.... [my right pinky toe....]
great start to summer. now my entire car is totalled :/ terrible start to the summer. great start tosummer. now his entire car will be totalled. terrible start of summer. Great start toSummer. Now my entireCar is totalling :/rible start to Summer.
i was outside cutting the grass when i stopped to bag the grass clippings. i heard the phone ring inside, but didn't think anything of it since it would go to voice mail. i then proceed to finish the grass. my dad comes outside (yes i live with my parent) to talk and what-not. i decided to get us some drinks, so i head inside and the phone rings again. this time from my step-mom. so i answer, talk to her, then go to hang up. that's when i see the blinking voice mail light. i went to listen to it and it starts out...  "this message is for rrims. we've
i was reading the newspaper, as i usually do, and i start to read an article about two teenage youths, terrorising an entire hospital by riding their bikes through the hallways. i noticed two pictures of the kids, so i started to vent my rage to the pictures. i cant remember exactly what i said, but the majority of the stuff was  "you deserve to burn...slowly " and  "you both need to be sodomized by a horse dildo ".
i'm a bit of a slob when it comes to clothes. i throw clothes wherever, and in this situation, i threw my underwear on the couch. of course, i was clothed, but the doorbell rang and i didn't want them to see my underwear. so i threw the underwear across the room and answered the door. i completely forget about my underwear and get back to my life.
One day i forgot to turn off voice memos and i went to the bathroom. this one guy wanted to go over my notes (because they are fabulous) so i decided to be nice and burn him a cd. oops...edit: i'm female by the way. no i'm not posting the audio of me peeing...
i was at work and just finished my lunch. i noticed that she had a glados t-shirt on an industrial piercing which was too big for her ear. we both smiled at one another and i said 'hi'  u00a0unfortunately i have been working there about 7 months and have not seen her before. who knows it could be another 7 months before i see her again.
i asked two girls i used to sleep with to hang out after work. we are all still friends, and its not awkward at all. my girlfriend doesn't know that i've slept with both of them and had on and off relationships with them over the past 7 years. i'll gladly update you all when this explodes in my face.
My family used to watch the princess bride quite often when i was young and it reminds me of a simpler time. inspired by the poster artist from hyar. i guess. tifu within tifU i guess, i'm not sure what to call it.
i broke my right arm twice in two months in 2011. The first time i broke my radius the full way through, and the ulna had a crack half way through. The second time, i managed to break both of them completely in two hours. i have a photo, will upload upon request.
i laugh now about it. i was making dinner tonight when my eye itched. like any normal human i rubbed it with the back of my hand. the problem: my hands were full. in the one was uneatable vegetable matter, in my dominate hand were some green onions. i somehow managed to rub my eye not only with the Back of my Hand, but the end of the onions as well. it burned for a short bit but i am good now.
i'm confused, ashamed, and feel like i let my mom down. i got my mom high without her knowing about it. she isn't enjoying herself and said she feels nauseous, but all of the research i've read tells me cannabis is an anti-nausea.
i had an exam in my business law class which was at 8 am (i had no choice in taking the class) i decided to stay up late to study for it the night before. caffeine runs right through me even worse than alcohol. i had to sit in those pissy pants for 50 minutes before i could go back to my dorm and shower.
i was talking to him and somehow let it slip that i'd done ecstasy in the recent past. mind you it was the first and only time I'd done it, and i really don't do drugs in general. there is no discussion about drugs or alcohol here, and no drug testing. oy, i hope this gets swept under the rug and forgotten.
i was changing the door handles on the doors to my living room and my bath room. i started out by unscrewing the old ones completely. Then i remember that i have to pee, so i head for the toilet in the bath room and slam the door behind me. i realized in an instant what i had done, but i couldn't open the door from the inside. i ended up having to smash my way out and fucking up my doorframe.
A few days before last week, i was having a conversation with my friends as usual. In our little conversation, a need to shout to phrase  "fuck the police " ran through my head and i went with it. my luck however, as we were walking past and i shouted the phrase, my spanish teacher peeks out of the store and reprimands the group. the most awkward moment of it was when i bent down and apologized quietly.
i had heard the term  "meningitis " only once before from my mother's web md diagnosis of another illness i had come down with like 8 years ago. after being promptly sent home and being told that i cannot return to work until i get the green light from a doctor that i'm no longer contagious, i felt compelled to actually find out what the heck this disease was. turns out, it's some hairy shit.
i haven't seen this one girl for a long time and i finally met her today and she came up to me and asked me for directions to our class. i didn't recognize her till after she walked away to class.when i got to class i kept looking at her to confirm that she was who i thought she was. i'm pretty sure she seen me and got uncomfortable and is probably thinking i'm a creep.
i was talking kind of dirty with my boyfriend and was starting to get turned on. i took my clothes off in bed and began to fap. then i wanted to find something to use as a dildo. i looked around and saw my nightmare before christmas bobblehead pen. you push down on the side and the mouth opens and the pen clicks open. i clicked it off and started to use it. i was surprised that it fit, i'm practically a virgin. so i kept going, and it was pretty great. i finished up, then i tried to get it out.apparently the side got caught on my vagina's lining. so when i trying to pull it
A week earlier i used the smaller pair of scissors (that are never really used for anything) to chop apart a number of ferociously hot trinidads. i then proceeded to smoke said greenery, completely oblivious as to the ordeal to come. decided to have a cone, completely forgot that a week earlier my workmate and i had used these scissors.
 "i'm about 5'7 and 130 pounds and this kid is about 6'0 and 200 pounds "  "i'm borderline sick today and the only reason i even went to school was because i had a huge test "  " i trained in mma for about a year, so i know some stuff "
i just took a shit so big it ruined the bathroom. literally, it clogged the toilet and overflowed it. the water was a shade brown so dark it was black.  i threw all of the towels on the floor, i got a snake from the neighbor to use, i tried to but didn't quite know how.
i have a newborn son, and i frequently have to take bags of diapers to the trash. to do this, we seal the bag (it's a nice blue thing with a hard plastic sealer on the top)  this morning i had a newly filled bag, plus a gray plastic bag filled with used kitty litter. i slowly came to the realization that i hadn't driven my car in about a week.
Last night i was browsing askreddit and that thread about the  "deep web " came up. so i downloaded tor and started browsing the forbidden land. i must've forgotten to shut down the browser before i went to sleep. 8 hours later, i am about to hold a presentation about online education in front of 50 people and a professor. i connect my laptop to the projector, turn it on and... boom. on two large screens stood a picture of a man's dick pierced by needles and some other shit. i heard an old lady scream silently and i am pretty sure my professor had a minor stroke.
7 beers last night. literally just happened. thought i had to fart. nope. now going commando for the rest of my shift full of shame and embarrassment. i'm so embarrassed. i've never been so embarrassed in my life. I've never felt so ashamed in my entire life.
i've recently been hitting the gym, and have this narcissistic urge to take off my shirt every time i go to the bathroom and check out my upper body. well, yesterday night, i was really pissed at life (it's just an intp personality thing), and decided to smoke a joint with a friend after eons of not smoking or drinking. after a few minutes i was pretty buzzed and my mouth was as dry as the sahara desert, so i decided to drink a gallon of water. now that was all good and shit, but a few mins later my bladder pressure was more that it ever has been in my 20 years of life. so there i was, looking
i'm originally from nebraska and my friend got offered some tickets, so we were like  "what the hell? i guess we can go watch nebraska win their first big 10 title. woot woot party, " and all of that stuff that you think when your team is about to totally rape it's opponent. i've tried to forget it and move on, but just like indiana jones 4...it haunts me. it's always there. waiting to all of sudden pop into my head and ruin my whole week. there's so much more i could have done! i could've cheered harder!! why didn't i believe more?
i didn't notice my mistake until she spoke and said she got it all the time. i'm sure that didn't make her feel any better. yeah.....he was a she. i didn't realize it until she said it and said it was her.  i'msure thatdidn't make me feel anybetter. yeah, he was a he.
i meant to pour the milk into my cup but i was an idiot and destroyed at least a quarter of the chocolate milk container. my mom found it with big clumps of nesquik stuck together. my mind was distracted. i meant to Pour the milk in my cup. i was a idiot.
i search this guy in linkedin and find his profile. while trying to send to one of my colleagues by mistake sent it to old boss. smiley in the mail body was the cherry on top of it. it wasn't officially announced that our boss will be replaced by someone new.
i was recently done washing the dishes at work and had accidentally  gotten my watch wet. i placed my watch in the pizza oven, thinking it would dry it off quickly. my manager had noticed and walked over to me and asked why i did that. i quickly grabbed my watch from the oven and put it on. i was then rushed to the emergency room and had to have my watch surgically removed and now have second degree burns on my wrist.
For the past couple days i have had a stomach bug. after work my friends decided to go to dennys and they have their glorious bacon menu. i ordered the spicy jalapeno bacon burger. half way through my meal i felt a sharp pain in my intestines. thinking it was just gas i tried silently pass it but then my stomach rumbled so loud my buddy next to me gave me a concerned look.
After a month of saving up to pay a super speeder ticket, i was finally out of debt (with *only* 6 points on my record... sigh) and had some money to spend. The first thing on my list was an oil change and radiator hose fix for my 92 honda prelude. My car came with the rod unbolted from the engine bay and just sits in the trunk instead.
i'm almost 21 and i live with my parents. i'm trying to convince them to allow me to start dating, so i can get married. apparently, i didn't do a very good job cleaning up after myself, and my dad decided to wash my floor. there are... stains. yep. i saw him pause significantly, considering the situation under my desk.
i've had a runny nose for the past 2 days. no problem. just use a whole bunch of tissues. until tonight. i really wanted some pops because i was hungry and nothing else caught my eye, so i ate a bowl of milk and the cereal. bad move. i start barfing in the hallway, and put my hand up to my chin, catching all of my half digested pops and goo in my hand. i managed to finally stop when the cupcake i'd eaten started to make an appearance, and cleaned myself up.
i went over to my boyfriend's house after work on friday.  we had a few beers, a few whiskeys, and a large dinner. after dinner, things start getting hot and heavy, and despite the fart lodged in my butt, continued the heavy petting. i was so focused on the pleasant sensations that i didn't even feel it, and i had no time to stop it.
i lost everything that was on my first icloud account including all the information, the script to our short movie and all the other related documents to my last semester. i'm desperate, i hate myself, my team will probably hate me too, i feel sick and i want to throw up every where. if anyone has any advice that would be great.
i'm a referee for soccer. i've been doing this for years and it's something i'm highly passionate about. around 12:30 yesterday i was watching my dad ref for a little bit, it was a good game. i get stung by a bee. i'm like,  "shit, better get my epi-pen out before something happens. " nothing happens for 30 minutes. i start my game at 1 and start feeling terribly sick. i tell the coaches (it was this bad) that if i stop the game, it would be to use my epipen. well. i push through it. my second game, at halftime, i walked off the field trying not
She went to vegas last week, i thought her clock changed but no, somehow my cell clock changed. we noticed the difference last night and i adjusted her clocks to mine. she woke up at 450 instead of 550 i realized it when she was on her way to work.
The family got 2 sister kittens for my birthday. This morning, one decided to hide under the couch. i decided to lift up the couch to check if she was there because i couldn't find her. she makes a sudden movement, startles me, and i lose my grip on the couch and she dies instantly.
i didn't fap **all week** because i've been busy and finally i get some down time. so i decide to go to my so's house and things got a little intense. next thing i know she is pulling down my pants and performing oral sex on me. like seven minutes in i tell her that i'm about to cum so she stops and just gives me a hand job to finish me off. i literally blow a huge load **everywhere** and that isn't the worst part.... i shit you not, i cum on my own face, and i mean all over my face glasses and all.
i had a flight back to toronto with a stopover in denver. i kept a close eye on the time and made sure i got to the gate on time. there were plenty of people sitting down and no line up at the gate so i simply assumed that we were a little late boarding. after quite a while i saw that this was the scheduled takeoff time, what the hell is taking so long? i went up to the desk to ask when we were going to start boarding, and that is when they told me that the flight had already boarded, they were supposedly calling for me over the intercom, but i didn't hear a thing. so here i am biding my
Back in third grade there was a girl,  lets call her  "kelly " well anyway kelly had a chronic skin rash which i now realize was probably plaque psoriasis . anyway she was always very bright and teachers loved her. being the delinquent i was at that age, i was essentially her opposite in about every way. i eventually became so mad and jealous that teasing was the only way i could express my anger.so i started calling her lizard girl, and eventually the whole class got into it. she would constantly burst into years over the name calling over something she couldn't control. it even got so bad as she tried to cut her arms with the safety scissors in a desperate
i probably ate upwards of 12 pounds of crawfish and my hands were covered in juices and absolute deliciousness. to anyone who has ever eaten crawfish you know its got some spices on it. well a festival is 100 times worse. my dick felt like i had stuck it in a big bottle of tabasco sauce and cajun spices with a little sprinkle of lye. i was in there for about an hour; i honestly thought my dick was going to fall off. it's a few hours later and i still feel a burn, i peed once and i am afraid to pee again.
This is not the first time i've made homemade chicken stock. At least today i get to eat what i made. i had socks on, so even though i moved away, the socks held the heat. it hurt like a mother f****** f***. i made a pot of noodles. got out the colander and waited.
i am late 20 u2019s, 5 u20197 u201d, lean with muscles, getting nicely drunk at a house party. i am happy, outgoing and looking forward to meeting new chicks. i don u2019t remember much about you (lots and lots to drink) but your robust drinking style makes up for any otherwise dealbreakers. you tell me the price to meet you and talk with you is 2 beers and i had better hand over another bottle immediately.
i work for a tractor service. the company mows and weedeats vacant lots in neighborhoods being built. my job is to go along after the tractors and weedeat what they missed. in my bosses truck he had one gascan full with weedeater fuel and the one of diesel fuel is usually in his brothers truck. the two cans look nearly identical and somehow they got switched around. i filled up my weedeaters and went to work.
So i came home from work and i went to my room to play some gta. A few hours later my mum and dad come back and my mum comes into my room pissed off at me. Apparently the dinner was cooking and now it's burned because i didn't take it out, even though i wasn't told to touch it or do anything to it.
i don't blame drugs/alcohol, but i obviously need some restraint and to jerk off before parties. i don't think i can mess with alcohol any time soon. this one is going to the grave, never felt i was such an awful person. sorry for the throw away and currently, my existence.
i drank two gatorade bottles of water (64 ounces) in the last hour and a half of the workday. i had an event downtown, about a one-hour drive in traffic, and i drove off not suspecting anything. i didn't bother to empty the bladder before leaving work. i'm reasonably sure i got caught on camera.
During a speech class in high school, one of the students decided to put himself in harm u2019s way by standing in front of a batting cage and letting wild pitches whiz by. A ball launched out of the machine and clobbered him right in the testicles. That was the last time i ever did something of that dumb nature.
My mom brought over a friend who brought her son who loves animals and his sister who easily scared the boy. The little boy wanted to see the tegus get fed well my more socialized one (the red one) went into brumation so i decided to feed my colombian who is a rescue and i am sure he is wild caught. the mom decided to watch but she got to close told her to back up a bit din't listen. in the middle of all this thrashing the body of the mouse splits and all the blood and guts fly into what i call the splash zone.
i mostly use it for text and the calender. i could pick up 7 shifts by the end of the year and pay for a new smart phone. i guess i'll have to get a paper pda and a dumb phone... we'll see i guess. ... and my phone. The phone is in rice, and will likely not work again.
i was sipping on a hot chocolate because hey, it's cold. my cat is sat on the back of the sofa silently (unknown to me) watching the street outside. mid sip, she makes me jump spilling the grainy hot chocolate. i mop up the keys, and before i go to turn it off, it goes blank. the genius bar is booked up for the next week and i'm not around during the local repair shop's opening times. so i'm probably going to be paying for a short-circuited laptop and losing up to 5 years of photos, music, documents and whatever the hell else.
i'm standing in the hall outside his room in front of the nurse's desk and i tell my wife  "i feel like death " her jaw drops at my stupidity, and the nurses shoot me the dirtiest looks. my great grandfather is 94, really ill and close to dying. i drove across the us to see him yesterday and all night, haven't slept since monday night. so i'm feeling pretty fucking tired.
So i came home from school today and thought  "i'm gonna be productive! " so i did some homework. this is were the fuck up starts. i was vacuuming everywhere! behind my desk, my bed and **on** the desk as i come by some old tissues i hid from when i had the  "sniffles " and decided to vacuum that shit too. so i sucked it up, and immediately the vacuum started making crazy noises and the little red bar that tells the pressure went off the charts. suddenly it stops and starts to smoke... a lot! so i unplug it and throw it out in our driveway and pour water over it. my mum was already there and
The pain of having your wisdom teeth removed was the worst i've ever experienced. The pain, the pain, worse than the wisdom teeth removal, by a long shot. After being stuck on the couch for 2.5 days it was just what i felt like. After cutting down my codine dependency to just night time, i decided to go back to work.
 "i blast that fucker with beer colored piss and put it right back. later on i go back to the same stall and the glass was empty "  "i all of the sudden realize upon seeing the empty glass that my friend will sometimes drink wounded strangers (rando, beer unclaimed). "
i loved her with all my heart and believed when she said she was in for the long haul. then she cheated on me and started a relationship with the new guy. for some reason i have tried to keep a friendship with her. i still love her and i hate the idea of totally losing her from my life.
 "i've never been on a date and i don't actually know exactly how attractive this girl is because i've only met her once "  "I'm 99% sure it was both of our first dates ever "  "i'm not a big drinker, so I don't know exactly what jungle juice is, but me being both drunk and out to impress has 3 full solo cups full "
 "the anarchist's cookbook " is a book i found by accident. The teacher caught me reading it. She let me off due to my interest being purely academic. I'm principle trumpet in symphonic band, solo trumpet in the highest jazz band, taking 3 ap classes, and the rest are honors, that seemed highly believable to her.
i am a shift lead at a drug store. yesterday was my day off. today, one of my employees came up to me and told me about an incident yesterday. apparently there was a group of guys who came in and bought about a dozen amex gift cards for $400. and they came back tonight. according to our store policy (and possibly state law?), customers can only buy up to $500 in gift cards in a 24 hour period.
 "i live at home with my mom, grandma and great grandma (so much estrogen) my great grandma broke her femur a while back and can't walk. we don't leve her alone for extended periods of time. well, i have a new girlfriend. her name is caitlyn. she has a pretty bad memory and sometimes calls me dennis "
i was watching tv, being generally lazy after putting the kids to bed and decided that during the next commercial break i'd go get my nightly snack.  so the commercial comes on and i decide to try and pull a risky business slide across the kitchen floor because hey, that's always fun, right?  so i go into my slide like a pro, arm outstretched to grasp the cabinet knob as it comes into range and successfully open the cabinet door in one fluid movement. i remember opening the cabinet with my left hand, reaching in with my right hand to grab the delicious fiber brownie goodness, and then i remember a feeling of euphoria and being very comfortable, like i'm laying
i am always super aware of my surroundings and go out of my way as to not offend. i was sitting next to a blind guy and talking about what college groups we belonged to while on campus. he said he only belonged to a few and didn't pay attention to all that was available to him. i responded with,  "we all walk around with blinders on " and tried to fix it by following up with  "you know! tunnel vision "
i had been, for lack of a better word, sexting a member of the opposite sex (i'm a guy) for the previous few nights and had, of course, forgotten to delete the photos from my camera roll. upon picking up my phone, i was present with a photo of me, completely naked, with my clearly erect penis in my hand.
i know this is going to end badly, but i've screwed up once already. canceling will only been seen as one more screw up on my part. i've managed to get over her and as the time gets closer for her to get here, i can feel my heart pounding faster and faster. i know my feelings for her are going to go right back to loving her.
Today i stopped at the local gas station to grab a cheap drink that came in a styrofoam cup. after i got home, i decided to make some supper and started cooking some ground beef. i soon needed something to put the grease in, so i grabbed a nearby empty sonic cup. i grabbed the wrong cup and took a big sip of some grease. i immediately started freaking out and spit it out in the kitchen sink. luckily, it had cooled down so i didn't scorch my mouth.
This is embarrassing but i think you fine folks can appreciate it. it actually began last night when i, being somewhat of a degenerate weirdo, was furiously fapping away to some lesbian bondage porn. suddenly i felt the unbearable and unmistakable sensation of an eyelash trapped in my eye. it was a knee-jerk reaction and before anyone asks, i did not go directly ass-to-eye.
13-year-old me burned my hand on a toaster oven. My parents still bitches about the toasters weve had ever since. My mother still teases me about ruining her floors with the glass door on the toaster. I'm still not happy with the way my kitchen turned out.
The same 15 second clip plays before every youtube video i watch, and their ad shows up everywhere. tifu by watching the lyric video to mind your manners by pearl jam. now the same goddamn 15second clip plays. before every YouTube video iwatch. and their ads show up everywhere, it's like they're trying to make money off of it.
i'm a part timer working for the british army voluntarily. occasionally i work with cadets but mostly do paperwork. anyway now and again i get the chance to apply for more exciting work which can include having to visit quite senior officers. so i go so my business then do up what i think is my fly and walk to the office of the officer. i knock, get told to enter and walk in and salute. inside is the officer, the sergeant major and the adjutant who is in fact a woman.
My parents left me home alone for a week while they where in las vegas. So i decided to have a huge party. The plan was to lock everything that was breakable into siderooms, even some of the furnature. Not fifty minutes in, whilst i was outside making a phone call, my neighbour unlocked the front door and started screaming for people to getout. My parents gave them permission to break up the party.
A man in Australia locks himself out of his home. He uses his watch as a key to get back in. The door breaks and he has to call a locksmith to fix it. The locksmith takes an hour to come and fix the door. The man is late for work.
The bar wasn't balanced when removing the weights and the pole flipped over, sending the tip into the plaster wall. The pole also put a hole in the floor with the pole too. The bar was a gift from the husband of the sister in law who was away for the weekend.
i have a sharp 12 year old sister who decides to knock on my locked door one night.  after not responding for a good 10 minutes as i was doing my work, she seemingly gives up and walks off. today when my mum comes to pick my friend and i up from tutor, halfway home she asks  "phunani, did you show your sister something? "  "no. why? "  "your sister asked me today if i was ok with you watching porn,did you forget to lock your door or something? "
i'm 20 f and he's 27 but the age gap doesn't bug either of us. i'd been going through some personal rough patches and really felt the need to get hammered, which is the stupidest thing to do in my situation. i can barely speak at the point and just didn't care about anything. i had my first threesome with them. i feel used and guilty. did i actually agree to something like this? what is wrong with me? how can i hurt him like that? i am scumbag stacy.
i was walking through a parking lot when all of a sudden this car blares its horn at me. being the cranky badass wannabe 21-year-old that i am, i flip the car the bird. next thing i know, i hear my name being called. i turn around to find my former english teacher from high school standing there. fortunately she had a sense of humor about it. the first thing she said was  "obviously you haven't changed since high school ".
My sister introduced her friend to me a couple years ago, turns out she really liked me. After seeing a facebook post about her self harm, i'd message her and try to help her out. over the next two days, find out she still likes me. she thinks i'm cute, i'm funny (we've never talked until now), and is basically obsessed with me. i hung out with her today (7/31) it started off nicely, she has an 11 week old german shepard puppy we took to the park for about an hour to play with it and stop every 5 minutes to get told how cute it is. after that finally ends, we go back to
i read a comment on reddit a few days ago in the thread of  "don't knock it til you try it " about how baby wipes were superior to toilet paper. there weren't any baby wipes in the bathroom at work, but there were some hand sanitizing wipes. i figured they were the same thing. big mistake. whereas baby wipes have a soft, moist feeling of relief, hand wipes are extremely alcoholic in content. over 65% alcoholic, to be exact. i had to keep working with an ass of fire for another hour before i could clean up.
i was on my way to meet my dad at a golf course for a nice afternoon round. my brilliant iphone gps decided to tell me to make a right on a street, so i did. it took me off a paved road and on to a dirt road. i got my car initially stuck in a puddle, but really it was a big ass fucking pond like monsoon. that was earlier today around 2... it's 11pm and the car is still there.
i like coffee but i hate hot drinks and i like this one but yesterday i didnt finish it. so it wasn't exactly a coffee, it was a monster java. i ripped the can forward, liquid still in mouth, and it fell back into the can. i still shudder every time i think about how i drank so much of the coffee and how it was dead just chilling on my lip.
i decided to take a little trip to the coast in italy, travelling alone so unfortunately nobody to help me keep my head screwed on. it started with a quiet sunset beer, absolutely stunning setting in a fairly sleepy town. i then met a group of australians and the beer drinking continued. cut to 3 hours later and i'm left with a groups of italians we'd also met that evening but slowly realising i'm losing the ability to speak in either language. i decide to be 'sensible' and head back to the hostel at this point before i make things worse. i climb into bed, and obviously everything starts spinning. crashing down from the top bunk i run
Today i decided to have a lazy day, basically lounge around in a shirt and shorts doing nothing apart from watching films.i hear a knock on the door and stand up to answer it forgetting that i am wearing shorts with buttons on the front.i open the door to find a neighbour from across the road. She has known me since i was a baby and does a lot of stuff for the church and had brought across the church newsletter and to ask about my grandma.
This happened about a week back and i'm posting this on behalf of my boyfriend (he did it!) who doesn't have an account, but hey, it's a funny story. My boyfriend and i had been out drinking with friends from about 5pm (his band had played an outdoor music festival, we later left and went to our favourite watering hole) by about 11pm he was looking a bit worse for wear and i (pretty much sober) took him to the bathroom to throw up (a lot) he was pretty much ko'd after this, so i got him home. we slept on his living room floor so as not to wake anyone up. it's about midnight when we
The author is suffering from a sore left knee. He applied some of his favorite painkillers to the sore area. After a few minutes of feeling the cooling sensation, the pain subsided. But he couldn't get rid of the feeling. So he applied some more ice to his groin.
My family is having a big reunion this weekend and my mom wanted a specific kind of mosquito repellent that she could only find on amazon. Since i have amazon prime, i said i would 2-day ship it to her house so that it could be there in time for the festivities. This morning my mom receives a box labeled to me from fedex and obviously assumes that it was the mosquito repelent that i had shipped to her, so she opens it without a second thought only to find various sex toys for both male and female.
i was on the way from practice with my band when i accidentally rear ended a vehicle that was at a stop light. i don't know why but i wasn't paying too much attention and was looking the other way jamming to shpongle's new album. well... needless to say it was an older woman and she was not at all happy. there was no damage on my car and a minor flake/few scratches on hers. but i know paint shops have to redo the entire bumper and i know it will cause my insurance rates to increase.
i'm pretty sure i'm the laziest person on the planet. when i wake up in the middle of the night, i go to the back room and pee in the sink. the first time i did it, i noticed the faucet didn't work. i turned around and noticed a little bit of liquid on the floor. i then realized that the water was coming from the sink, not the drain.
i brought my signed first edition copy of damned by chuck pahalniuk to work today.  "potreen " thought the book looked like it had  "swag " in her words. after picking it up, she lost her grip and dropped it on the ground. in her attempt to pick it up she knocked over her open bottle of black finger nail polish.
So i was facetiming a really cool girl that i like. She said that she liked me the same way. My brothers are at the age were they believe they don't have to listen to me. so i started yelling at them while i was with her. i told her i would call her back. after everything was done i tried calling her back and she didn't answer. i tried texting her and she won't respond. so she hasn't talked to me for a week now.
i had a summer school assignment do in the morning (like 8:00) and i have another assignment due tom that is basically the same but i forgot how to calculate and i realized the sheet i did earlier winch i was using for a example went missing. oh and i think i accidentally stapled it to my grandpa stuff which he needed.
i haven't brushed my teeth nightly for years. i have tourette's syndrome, so finding a dentist isn't really easy. all of my teeth but one have horrible cavities in them. i'd go get one myself, but we live too far out of town for me to work 3 hours a day.
20-year-old borrowed a friend's id and went to a pool party. Ended up in an ambulance and hospital for intoxication. A month later, his friend got a bill for $800. Is there any way he can get out of the bill, other than filing a police report?
The warranty has expired and cannot be extended. The bottom screen has started working again but glitched out and stopped working entirely on one occasion,i'm just gonna put it in rice and hope for the best. sorry if this sounds kinda like me whining about my electronic problems but i'm a bit bummed out.
Lucy, my cat, decides she needs pettings. so she gets on top of my laptop with her butt pointed in my face. so i gently sort of pick her up and push her butt out of the way at the same time. well i guess i must have squeezed her a but when i picked her up because she fucking squirted shit/piss on my fucking mouth/face.
today, i was leaving for a flight to thailand. i had already packed my suitcase the night before, but i only packed my hand carry in the 20 minutes before i left. in a rush, i picked a random bag out of my closet. when i arrived at bangkok, where i'd have a quick stopover before taking a connecting flight to chiangmai, I was faced by a cursory bag inspection. The attendant got this surprised look on her face, then pulls two realistic-ish looking toy pistols out of the front pocket of my bag. The people behind me first look a bit scared, then start nervously giggling as i desperately try to explain to the attendant
i saw a man with a cup of coffee with no lid, and he was sitting on the ground, so i thought he was homeless. i felt around in my pockets for some loose change and found a few coppers. i went over and put them in the coffee cup, only to realise that he had coffee in it and that he wasn't even homeless, he was waiting for someone. there was a good 5 seconds of super awkward confusion and staring. definitely one of the most awkward moments of my life.
A few people from a post i submitted on this sub a while ago wanted to hear another story about the music department. This is the first story about pissing behind a school piano. The story is about the time i said my music teacher's husband has ed. It was a month before the *christmas carol concert*
i am big time enthusiast fish keeper. i have about 5 aquariums in my home, but i have to maintain several other containers as quarantine tanks and breeding tanks. these containers are usually buckets and other pitchers which have their temperature and other parameters maintained. from the past few days, i could smell a faint but rancid smell near my door. i thought maybe ive missed the water change on one of the containers. so i checked all the containers beneath a shelf just besides the door. all of them had their water changed according to the schedule, and all the fishes were healthy.
i've recently started seeing this guy, i know he;s liked me for a long time, but i only recently realized that i actually really like him. we're hunkering down for a night of movies and alcohol as per usual when he suddenly drops it. he's like, yeah...i think i love you. completely caught me off guard, i was honest with him. i really like Him, but I'm not to that point yet.
i'm friends with one of the chefs at ku, where i'm currently at. my chef friend told me that one of them is clinically depressed and is suicidal. i see the depressed chef making a pizza, then look at me. i feel extremely bad right now. i don't know what to do.
i was feeling a little parched, so i ended up on a quest to wet my whistle. i walked in the door from the back yard  and lo-and-behold upon the table is a bowl of freshly made, barely touched, punch. as i'm pouring i start to feel a wetness on the back of my hand. turns out the punch is going down my hand and back into the bowl. the kitchen was full but i don't think anyone saw it happen, i feel dirty.
 "i'm insisting it's a mating ritual; it's all to appease the opposite sex "  "Baboons do it all the time "  "i felt like such a u00a0fucking u00a0idiot "  "What was i thinking comparing black women to baboons to my black friend? "
i accidentally hit the power switch for my pc with my foot. after a lot of work i have managed to recover about 600gb from one of the drives. still haven't gotten anything good off of the other one yet, although i am still working on it using recuva and testdisk.here is a recreation of what happened:
i'm sitting at my computer when i feel a feeling we're all aware of: the need to fart. i let it pass through my anus and it felt a little wet, but i just thought it was warm and burning since i ate an entire habanero pepper today. at the end of the fart, however, i felt a bubble come out of my rusty sheriff's badge and it soon became clear what just happened: i shit myself.
For some bizarre reason, i decided to down three cups of coffee and eat a mcdonalds for my breakfast when i had a dodgy stomach. afterwards, i felt like going for a walk by a lake up in the fells, so i took my ipod and went. after walking for around an hour, and finding myself in complete isolation, remarkably under-dressed and freezing cold - my stomach started groaning. i panicked. i could feel the turtle head slowly slide out and i was too far from the car, so I decided to run into the forest and take a nature shit. then it all went to hell. i was sprinting full on 60mph and sweating like
i was standing next to his bed in my underwear and had just pissed all over his bedsidetable and the floor. to make matters worse he had his girlfriend over and they had their new iphones on said table. i begged them not to spread the story around, not even to my friend (he didn't notice and just slept through the whole thing) although i didn't derserve it.
Last week i bought a new pair of black super-skinny jeans and started wearing them every day to school. sure they were a bit uncomfortable, but all new skinny jeans are in the beginning, right? then, today, i was talking to this guy from my class out in the corridor, he was sitting down on a bench and i was standing, so obviously his eyes was close to the same height as my crotch. so we're talking like usually, but i notice his eyes keep drifting away from my face... and sure enough, when i get home and look in the mirror i realise i have been going around with a huge camel toe for the past week.i'm so emb
About 2 weeks ago, i kinda lost my temper and threw my phone at the wall. right after i threw it i picked it up thinking i'm gonna have to get it replaced easily since i was paying monthly insurance.  when i called in for a replacement, i was told i'd have to pay $200 for a replacements.  i fu that day. i just got that phone  by simply pulling out my phone in the cold with my freezing numb hands and it simply slipped out landing face down onto the ground.
i was pushed to be the leader of the group, and one particularly pushy member asked me to assign parts of the project to everyone. we reorganized the parts on facebook, but i forgot about the one person who isn't on the group because he doesn't have facebook. i look like an asshole who played everyone so that he didn't have to do any work.
This happened a week or two ago but i'm just drunk / tipsy enough to retell it. i was trimming my balls and, normally, i use a buzzer with a razor afterward for a closer shave. as i was pulling on the strands of testicular whiskers, i realized, too late as it was, that my scrotum stretched with the hair as well. not much blood, and the actual cut was about the size of the head of a ballpoint pen. still though, yeef.
i don't know if this is a major fuck-up yet but i decided to post it here anyways. It starts pretty harmless with me sleeping in my room at around 11:45 am. My sister comes bursting in, rudely waking me up and yelling:  "augenmann, get up! lunch is ready! " i give her the occasional  "i'll be there in a minute " and wait until she leaves to get up.
This happened last night. our relationship started less than 2 weeks before and we  planned to go camping because none of us had in a while. i accidentally call her by my ex's name and then she just broke. she's pretty hurt right now and i don't blame her one bit. we are both committed to this relationship and she said she wants to work through this tough patch, we may start at zero again, but for me i would for this girl.
After drinking a half gallon of orange juice i found myself to have a pee boner. For whatever reason, i decide just to arc the pee slowly into the sink. as i start everything seems to be going well - as i am pinching the  "hose " to keep the pressure down. now this is whee things go bad. i start to feel pressure building, then starting to sting/burn. so i let the flow go to max capacity, the stream shots up in the air, and goes on me, and all over the sink and mirror. (insert runaway hose gif here) don't try to pee in the sink guys.
i've been seeing this guy for about 3 weeks now. he's fantastic and we were really getting along amazingly. last night, we were in bed and he was going down on me. at that moment i apparently decided to softly call out  "oh, james " the man i am seeing is not called james. not even a little bit. i don't know if i will ever see or hear from him again.
i was lying in bed about to go to sleep when i absently scratched my left ear lobe. i felt a scab so i scratched at it, pulling it off. i went to sleep straight after.when i wake up in the morning i shower straight away. so i got my shit ready and went to shower. when i undressed i saw blood running from my ear lobe, down my neck and around it. it was smeared across my cheek (from absorbing onto my pillow and me rolling on my side) the rubber stopper for my taper, too, was crusted in dried blood.
My brother has been dating this girl for about 4-5 years and thats all you really need to know about that. Within ten minutes of it being posted i was getting a phone call from my mother asking what was going on. My brother threatened to break my nose if i don`t delete the post immediately as he was unable to at the time.
i've been a nail biter since i can remember. so every now and then i'll paint my nails to try to elude myself from chewing them off. after a night of some nail chewing, the polish i had on got all chipped and gross looking. so, i decided to remove the polish and attempt growing them another day. so i went to bed kinda ticked off on having ended up finger gnawing again. so then i woke up in the middle of the night. now, i usually keep a bottle of water or some kind of drink next to my bed for when i wake up. so my senseless groggy self took a nice big gulp of acetone
i've been trying to shit for the last hour, to no avail. i know, i never thought it was possible. but in the last 36 hours i've eaten sausages, landjaeger, pepperoni, and to top it all off an 18oz ribeye for dinner.
i've had a pretty bad couple weeks.  Normally i'm a dry guy, but today i decide to try out the feels with some olive oil. i got distracted and forgot to do anything about the rest of my shower space. fast forward about 30 minutes and my roommate gets home from work, hops in the shower.  A few minutes pass and i hear a dull but ominous thud and then i hear screaming.
i used to laugh at  "the idiots " in tifu. today i have joined the club with a delux membership. i am at home at this moment. i will go  "back " to work and face a barrage of ball busting after i tell my tale.
So i am in my room redditing and all of a sudden i have to pee. too lazy to leave my fortress and go downstairs i begin looking for something to piss in. i finally find an empty green tea bottle , i do my business put on the lid then place the bottle to the side of my desk so that i don't forget to dispose of it later. i continue eating my flamin hot cheetos and redditing. i'm thirsty so i grab a tea bottle and begin to take a swig then i remember about the piss bottle and check , its tea so i'm thinking damn that could have been bad . i'm no bear grylls .
i've really liked this girl at my school. She didn't share the same feelings, but said that she was going through some stuff at the time. She agreed to let me know if she ever got through whatever was going on and she said  "of course " This gave me hope that maybe one day something could happen between us. But i'm kind of a creepy guy.
i didn't feel sick today, but i did have a couple of farts that i trusted coming home. by the time i got in the door, i knew not to trust anything else. i had unbuckled and unzipped, i did the whirl, and as i plant, it explodes. this was about an hour ago, and my butthole is still not happy about it.
Over the weekend, my parents were at a wedding, so i was in charge. My mom gave me emergency money, plus $25 for my sister's car. We used some of the emergency money for red robin and arcade games. i also had to sleep in my parents room with my brother in case something happened and i didn't.
i work alone, selling mattresses. i spend 10hrs a day surrounded by comfy beds waiting for someone to come in, its alot of down time. mostly i spend it watching netflix and reading reddit and every now and again when things get slow i rub one out.  u00a0it was a slow *slow* day. no one was even parked in the parking lot so i decided why not, im coved up by the big desk that faces the wall of windows, and im wearing a dress, so its not like anyone would see right? wrong. i closed my eyes for a few seconds, enjoying my dirty time and was on the edge of cumming, ohh
i work as a server/manager at a fine dining italian restaurant. One of our regulars, a barfly really, always told me she wanted to do something with my hair. i am a guy btw, never put any colour in my hair etc. Our bartender, basically a fuckbuddy of the barfly, repeatedly told me  "yeah, yeah, do it "
i'm currently writing this on a computer in the apple store, for those who were wondering. as a group of friends and me were about to go to class, i decided to grab a cup of water before we left. i'm a pretty careful person, and also kind of overly protective with my electronics (i.e. phone, laptop, game systems) so i knew that *i* wouldn't spill the cup. i didn't take my friend sitting in front of me into account.
My bike was already giving me some problems, however since i am not mechanically inclined i had no idea what was wrong with it and figured it would be fine till i got home. The decision was made to push it inside, go on with the night, and figure it out in the morning. It took several hours to get it all cleaned up but we didn't have to deal with any cops.
i was working at home and calling in to a teleconference. during the call i was walking around my condo, and decided it would be a good idea to multitask  and feed my fish. so i go ahead and put the phone on top of one of my tanks. i have two 10-gallon tanks and the filtration systems are really loud.
i'm waiting for the bus with 3 friends, 2 of them and i are invited to this birthday party for our mutual friend. i interupted the conversation with,  "why can't we bring (the third friend) ". the third friend accepted but the other 2 friends got pissed off. then they had a huge argument on why we can't bring theThird friend which ended with one friend flipping off the other.  How to resolve this?
i woke up this morning with a bottle of lotion and pictures of cats and dogs next to my bed. this happened last night, my sister said my dad would tame a mountain lion and then i, thinking i was on reddit, blurted out ya i would mount a tame lion. needless to say i am now the butt of everyone's joke.
The friction from rubbing the skin must have caused a small cut to let it bleed. It's a very little amount though, i don't think it's anything huge but.. wtf... on the glans, apparantly the friction from rubbing the skinmust have caused  u00a0a u00a0small cut to letting it bleed..very little u00a0amount though.
i work for a temp agency. yesterday, i woke up feeling like shit and contemplated calling in sick, but instead decided to show up for work anyway. about half an hour into work, one of the bosses pulls me aside and says he needs to talk to me. he tells me they received an email from my temp agency saying that they've ended my assignment; aka i got fired. he escorts me out of the building and tells me to go home and call the agency for details.
It had been a while since i had seen porn and i feel that my wife and i were reconnecting. we had recently had sex again and it was better than i could have hoped. but something in me wondered as it did when i was a teenager and i looked at porn again. i had planned on telling her that it happened but she saw a saved pic before i could say anything.
i have a girlfriend who aspires to be a writer and is into horror movies so i figured i would send her one of my favourite series-posts. basically, a health care worker is investigating the files of some strange mental patients of a hospital. among the patients is an anorexic who becomes so desperate for food that she kills a man and eats his brains.
i woke up this morning around 8am with vertigo. When i tried to get up to go pee i had quite a solid case of vertigo and bounced off the wall a few times getting to the toilet. Around noon my husband woke up and started fingering me. i let him continue for a few minutes, enjoying the attention. he sits up to reposition himself and i take that opportunity to give him a little mouth hug. in the process of sitting up too quickly (i know better than to do that when i'm already dizzy, i'm a nurse, yada yada) the room started spinning again. i, not being deterred from wanting to get some morning
 "i'm still fire proof. but i never even got her name "  "i'd had a few beers and was feeling invincible an lo' and behold, i am. but the dare was for 30 seconds and before i knew it she'd left. i'm stillFireproof "
i posted a picture of a building i had made, forgetting that maybe one or two of my friends might frequent that board. i wake up after doing an alnighter and i see a message on my fb wall saying  "i found a shit render of some building " linking my facebook to my reddit account. that post was up for an hour before i deleted the post so a good portain of my mates have probably seen my reddit posts. funnily enough i don't care too much, cos i haven't posted too much weird stuff but stilll... damn.
i went to sleep last night with the fan on full blast like normal, but i only pulled over my thin cover and not the quilt. i fell asleep and woke up in the morning shivering. i think i even had a dream where i fell back to sleep and thought i was driving to the store, but it felt real.
i'm in the bathroom preparing for work and i'm swigging some mouthwash while i simultaneously hop in the shower. there i am, swishing this blue cleaning product in my oral cavity when the urge to sneeze arises.  u00a0naturally my reflex is to deflect or lessen the Sneeze' but this is complicated by a mouth full of smurf blue alcohol. i can't resist any longer and i finally sneezes. half the blue blew out my mouth, the rest out my nose; gravity and water and ceramic bathtub shower don't mix, so ass on ground. i rinse off and exit to a sore tailbone, burning nose (my god
At 9:40am, i get a call from a recruiter asking me if i was on my way to a job interview. i thought the interview was at 2pm! but no, it was at 10am, bugger it all. i rush around, coke- and piss-spattered, to clean up a little and put a suit on. i am now hobbling and groaning down the phone at a taxi company, trying to pull a suit over my aching body. i have had enough of today already, and head home to type this saga up.
My boyfriend was cutting his hair in the bathroom and asked me to come touch it up. So i grabbed the razor, not realizing he had taken the guide comb off. i tried to fix it and blend it in, but it made it look worse and the bald spot bigger. i ended up shaving his head completely. long story short, he's bald now.
i'm trying to eat a little healthier. i spotted some dieter's green tea, and i remembered that someone had recommended it to me a while back. i ran some errands with the hubby, and a few hours later when we got home, i decided to try some.  my stomach is still cramping, my sphincter is on fire, and my guts are making ominous rumbling sounds. i fear i will be spending more time in the bathroom.
i never got this memo and left it in the professor's physical office inbox. i'm just goddamn hoping the professor lets me turn the physical copy in tomorrow morning. holy fuck i need a drink and knowing where i stand as far as scholarships and gpa stands, this might end up being a $5,000.00 mistake. i want to die.
i have ocd. not very severe but it does get in the way of life sometimes. recently, if i am leaving the kitchen i have to open the door as wide as it will go, check to make sure the fridge/freezer doors are shut (it is about 10 feet away from the door) and run back and go through the door before it closes. today i did that while holding a cup of tea in my hand (the reason i went to the kitchen) the door was on teh edge of closing when i got back to it so i flung it open not realising that my big toa was in theway. so i wacked my toenail as
i was on the phone with a very nice man and said,  "please hold one moment while i transfer you to my boss "  there was silence as i realized what i had said. i quickly tried to correct myself and said  "oh my goodness!  he's not my boss! " the man laughed and told me about a time he called his boss  "boss " by mistake.
i worked in a private medical clinic and we recently branched out into pre-employment and reasonable cause drug and alcohol testing. the company forked out the cash for me to travel to another city and take the 3 day course. well being that i was bored as hell i decided to go to the bar in the hotel and ended up getting shitfaced. i got pirate drunk (when you have to close one eye to see straight and walk like you have a peg leg)...fade to black.
Mold has grown all over the face of the fleshlight, making cleaning it an exercise in futility. The  u00a359 sex toy was bought for my 18th birthday. It's now time to ditch it and just wank with my hand again like a normal person.
i was tired of defaulting to facebook all the time so i deleted it and left some contact info in case anyone actually needed something. after i posted it i thought the whole thing seemed pretty narcissistic. then i realized, for some bizarre ass reason, i decided to close my post with  "see you niggas in hell " and the tone of the whole post was inverted. on top of that i sent follow up messages to a sum of people so it would stay in their inbox and now it looks like some psychopathic narcissistic breakdown.
My ex and i broke up about a year and a half ago. we lived together for about four months. near the end he became distant and cold. He said he could never love me and wasn't ready for anything g serious. Now i feel so horrible because i slept with him and now i have all of these feelings towards him again.
 "i had recently read [this tread detailing what a dishonest organization susan g. komen is "  "sophie " (her roommate) asked if i'd buy one. i explained the dismal percentage of proceeds that the company gives to actual research. as i neared the end of my smug diatribe, sophie burst into tears and ran out of the room.
i just recently got out of a bad relationship. she was 24[f] i am 26[m]. she was super neurotic and talked down to me the whole time. i lied to her, a lot. i never really showed her the real me. we started seeing each other in july, and i cheated in september. i feel horrible about it, and it was by far the worst thing i have ever done.
i am really into film making and thought it would be a great idea to incorporate my passion into my eagle service project. what i chose to do was make short psa videos for a local elementary school about what kids should do in emergency situations. i was excited to transfer the footage so that i could begin editing. The card randomly ejects during the transfer process and i lose every bit of footage i had. i call up the place and demand a refund, and they say i paid for the effort, not the result. so i'm down tons of work and $260 hoping to try again soon...
My wife's friends brought over their 2 year old son. He was playing aggressively with my 1 and a half year old daughter. Later in the night i totally lost my shit and got really pissed off. i left and went for a drive to cool off but not before saying what a little shit their kid was. well fuck me looks like i'm the bad guy.
My wife and i have been attempting to get an open relationship started, and she's been wanting to sleep with another friend of mine. i've been helping her ease into it with him, and letting him know i was ok with it and that she had my full permission to do whatever she felt she wanted to do with him.flash forward a week, and i accidentally mentioned that i wasn't comfortable talking about it in my current state of mind (sober) and he blew up on me.
i was just doing inventory in one of our departments, letting little lunch farts squeak  by now and again. one was a little more substantial, which caught my attention. i realized we had a problem when i *felt it*  u00a0and immediately ran for the bathroom to do damage control. i'll spare you the details. i've got another solid 2 hours at work and can't leave on account of being the manager on duty.
i was boiling some water on my stovetop to make pasta, but when i went to put the pasta in, i dropped a handful of it all over the stovetop and floor. when i returned to the stove a few minutes later, a long piece of pasta which had fallen into the burner had caught fire. fortunately, i thought to grab the detachable sprayer from our sink and quenched the fire before it spread too far.
i'm a student and someone asked me what our lecturer's accent is. i replied that i think he's german. then on friday, the same guy tells me that he found out the lecturer is actually austrian. i was thinking that all famous germans, like sigmund freud and that, are actually from austria.
My neighbor almost died at my party by drinking way too much alcohol. We were outside having a smoke and he started being an asshole toward my female friends. He tried kissing them and hugging them and they got really uncomfortable. So i drag the guy off one of my friends and start yelling at him. He falls over as soon as we get back inside so we have to drag him back to his room.
It was after the club and i was in a part of the state that i was unfamiliar with. i wasn't drunk as i was the designated driver. my buddy was the navigator because he was the one with the gps. i was at an intersection at which i thought was a one way street, and he was telling me to go go go. so i went. a cop happily stopped me and enlightened me i was on the wrong side of the road. furthermore i ran a red light. i will enjoy paying that $262 ticket for carelessness.
 "i skipped the morning shits. i arrive at walmart around 8:00 a.m. for my job interview. everything was going perfect so far, which never happen's. i only had to wait 15 minutes before being called to the manager's office for my interview. i had already answerd five or six questions when i felt a strange cramp in my lower stomach "
Wtf. seriously, wtf. its like the easiest part of my job. and also the most obvious. and like the best part. of my life. I'm so happy to be back at work. I've missed you. I love you so much.
 "I. ran out like a nigga hittin n runnin, " the rapper said.  "I was like, 'I'm out of here. I'm runnin' out of money'  " He added:  "I just. ran. out. of money "
i was trimming my pubic hair before a date on the offchance that i might get laid. just a snip, and a nice chunk of my labia minora was gone. it began bleeding profusely. i was sitting there in pain, holding some toilet paper to my vag, cringing.
i boiled the water, and instead of pouring it into a cup or anything like that, i threw it in a pot. this was, as i look back, my first mistake. the water has just boiled, so i move outside onto the back deck, gather the family, and throw. i expect for the hot water to go up into the air and change to the vapor, and some of it does. the rest? the rest comes pouring down on top of my head. so. here i am, typing this with first degree burns to the face and a hurt sense of pride.
This morning i thought it would be a fun idea to have him sit on my lap while i ate my breakfast. i snapped my fingers and was flopped upon by this beast. granola went flying. i grabbed him at arms length, flung him onto the kitchen table, and found some paper towels. cleaning up taught me two valuable lessons:1, granola *will* get tangled in long fur/hair and 2, soy milk dries incredibly sticky.
My drum major was looking up costumes for next year's marching show ( which is lord of the rings... winning) and was talking about it on facebook. Along comes a guy who's been being a douche to her and calling her names like bitch and such. So my amazing brain comes up with the idea' hey man, why don't you call him an orc!!!!! " and i'm like  " fuck yeah brain that's a great idea!!!!! "
About two hours ago, i was messing around with a code file that i found on github for an open source game. when i was done with the code project, i deleted it, and reflexively hit the checkbox asking if i wanted to  "delete all files in the project folder ". sure, why not, right? the contents of that folder (my desktop), included several movies i had digitized, and the only copy of my very nearly finished engineering thesis. i guess i won't be submitting it on monday now...
 fuck, i spent so much time gathering all those subreddits together and organizing them. i'm so glad i did it. i love Reddit. I love the community. I'm so happy to be a part of it. I hope you all enjoy it as much as I did.
My brother travels extensively for work and has friends from all over the world. A few summers ago, his friend from gunzburg invited him over to dinner. Things were going swimmingly, until my brother remembered who it was who came from there said,   "josef mengele! "
One year ago, i registered a domain name with my full name to make myself look more professional to employers. After finding a job, i forgot about the website and figured i would just let the domain expire. Today, i get an email from uk2 to tell me my domain is due for renewal. curious, i open up the url again  "myactualfullname.com ". and what comes up? a picture of a guy pissing on another guy's face.
i thought it was supposed to be my name. it translates to a bunch of letters. i thought it would be a good name for a girl. it was a bad name for me. I'm not sure what to call myself now. I don't know what I'm going to do.
i was painting my new apartment while my fiance was sleeping away a pregnant nap in the bedroom. we had taken down the curtains to make around the windows easier to paint. to paint the area of the wall where i couldn't reach, i used a small step stool. not thinking, i stepped right up to the window with this and proceeded to paint that area. as i looked down and was about to step down, i notice a few of the other residents of the building (multi apartment building, 8 i think) standing outside looking up at me. so, naturally being a friendly neighbor, i wave to them.
My boyfriend and i have been looking to invest in a new brand of lube, because we don't like the one we've been using. naturally, i asked /r/sex about their recommendations. today, i woke up to a dozen replies in my inbox. i decided i'd really read into it later when i'm back in my own room.
i got home from school and went straight to the toilet to take a shit. my diet for the past week hasn't been the best so my shit wasn't the normal consistency. i finished my business and proceeded to wipe my ass this is when the problem started. 3o wipes later and more than 3 flushes. i would still get a brown stain on my tissue roll when i wipe. i got pissed of and just proceeded to pull up my boxers, wash my hands and leave. for the next 35 minutes the rampant smell of shit lingered in my nose. i wanted to get rid of the smell so i grab a can on lynx final edition, spread my ass cheeks and
It is my anniversary tomorrow, and my wife has been having mobility and fatigue problems for a while so i thought it would be a good idea to make her a nice dinner. For the dessert i selected a chocolate mousse that needs to be made and then chilled for a day, which suited me as i wouldn't have so much to do tomorrow.
i managed to get back to my desk by walking like i shit my pants but if i have to get up i am screwed. thankfully i have a long coat here that i can wear home and less than 2 hours work left to go. please jeebus, don't let me get called to go somewhere. you can see my striped undies plain as day.
ios 7 gm and the public release version are quite literally, the exact same thing down to the build number and all. Apple's servers are being hammered right now, so i shouldn't expect to get this problem resolved for a while. The only good thing is this situation is that i made the decision to back up my phone before doing this, but i currently don't have the option to restore from a backup.
i was driving down the highway and had to scratch my arm and looked away from the steering wheel real quick and then boom! rear ended the guy in front of me. my car is likely totaled as well as his. thankfully no one was injured. i do have full coverage insurance though.
i was standing at the bus stop on my way back from work, decided to sit down. completely miss that tiny fucking bench thing and landed straight on my ass. worse, my bag got stuck between the glass and the bench so it took me much longer than usual to get back up. luckily there where only about 30 odd school kids there to chant and howler when i fell.
A family member fell while cutting down a tree. The tree was a honey locust tree... aka [thorny locust] There were thorns all over the tree, from the tips of the little twigs to the top of the trunk. The family has a system for disposing of fallen trees.
My wife accused me of cheating and i told her  "fuck you! " not realizing that my kids were in the room. this resulted in them screaming, as loud as they could, for hours,  "fukyou! "  without any understanding of what it meant. they're 3 and 5 years old.
A friend on skype was reading post on this sub-reddit aloud and i thought i should share my story after hearing the post about a fart traveling up some poor lady's vagina at work. like many people here i made a huge mistake. trusted a fart. so, it came out as small diarrhea fart. not that bad right? just keep reading.
i work for an events company doing sound/lighting/video. hours can be horrendous with little thanks from the client. at half 2, i decide to go for a quick pre-show dump in the venue's crappy hired portaloos. i managed to get my trousers halfway down before my guts decide i have to poop out 40 crappy caffienated milk drinks. there's poop all over the walls, floor, and trousers. there was even a turd-deflection from toilet seat onto toilet paper holder. i decided the best idea was to leave the destroyed portaloo and go to the one next door, half naked and covered in poop.
A firefighter was in the shower when the alarm went off. He came down in his underwear and put his gear on. The mic on his radio was caught in his air pack and was keyed up so everyone could hear what he was saying. He and another firefighter got a stern talk from a superior.
It really hurts. It really fucking hurts. The pain is so real. It's like you're being stabbed in the stomach. It just hurts so much. You can't believe it. You just can't. You're just going to have to get used to it. It hurts.
One of my friends brought half an ounce of weed with him to a concert. He was pulled over by a cop for driving with a tail light out. He claims no one smoked in the car at all. He is arrested and held in a holding cell for two hours until his dad picks him up.
My sister and two sisters live in different countries so we don't get to see each other as often as we would like to. happened a couple weeks ago during a family vacation we all took together. she has lost a lot of weight but still has some cellulite-esque consistency. as i'm doing this i get a bit lost in the conversation and my hand slowly creeps closer to her fun bags.
i was out. walking. it was crowded. i was going down the street when a mother stopped in the middle of the block to pick her kid up. so now i'm on the end of the sidewalk, and trying to maneuver my way out of a crowd. a woman and her boyfriend walk right past me, and my only way out is to walk between them. and they don't stop. she walks right into me and my arm/chest rub right up against her breast. i felt immediately awkward, and i could feel the boyfriend had stopped and was watching me.
With an expired license...no proof of insurance...and no registration...why? because i'm an idiot who'd thrown the contents of my recently broken glovebox into a bag and brought it all into the house. So at lunch i was the last of 4 cars in a chain effect rear-ending at a red light.
 "i was expelled from college, my gf dumped me and now i won't get a driver license. this is not a funny story, i'm just showing how pathetic my life is "  "what i will do now? get some l., get some booze and think that will magically solve all my problems. thank you for reading "
i cleaned the office coffee pot with vinegar. i am not a coffee drinker myself, so i didn't know you were supposed to run a bunch of pots of water to flush it. my boss had just finished chewing out a guy for something he messed up, and was furious. he walked over to the pot, fixed him a cup of coffee, took a sip, and began to throw up.
i took a pretty epic dump, the kind that takes a million and one wipes to make sure it's clean. i'm guessing i wiped to hard in my hast to leave for work and possibly bruised the area around my asshole. it feels like someone forced their way in and now it hurts to sit down.
The company i work for hasnt paid overtime.  one guy i work with rose a stink about it and eventually the company got threatened with an audit.  so they had me sign off on a contract that would cut me 1350.  that was the  "overtime " in 6 months. well in reality it was more like 4800, 391 hours. compared to my 108 hours.   i am training for a position that makes 3x the money and i fucked that up by cross threading a joint.  causing me to not get paid my wage and demoted to the hellish job.
i was doing an audit of adsl connections at my company. There were 7 ports according to my audit that were still in use and were needed. So i proceeded to unplug the rest with wanton abandon. As soon as i got to my desk, the helpdesk phone rings. It was the ceo.
My dog came into my room, grabbed my vibrator from my nightstand, took it to the living room in the middle of my two uncles and my 18 year old cousin. and then somehow turned it on. my dog came in my room and grabbed my vibrations.
i haven't slept since sunday because my job is a wee bit demanding at the moment. the only way i have been able to cope up to this point was by self medicating with anything and everything available at my local 7/11. the human body has its limits. at a certain point, it will revolt.
i was playing cubeworld, minding my own business when i get a steam message telling me to copy and paste this [data expunged] into my url. lo and behold, it was a flashing jeff the killer screamer with a fucking loud noise. i was freaked out due to my headphones being all the way up and the noise being painfully loud. i found it kinda funny how he pranked me, because i haven't been hit with a screamer in years. i then decided to be a devious bastard and post the link to the screamer on twitter, trying to scare all the people who follow me. i waited for someone to respond and i got about
i'm in this computing class and the teacher created this shared folder on dropbox where everyone posts their work and also ideas and projects they have been working on. anybody can access anybody's work and the purpose here is so that we can learn by studying each other's code. just now i get an email from my teacher:  u00a0 "you've deleted everyone's work !!!i'm spending the next 2 hours restoring everything "
i was reading /r/nosleep on my ipad at 3 am when i heard my dad come up. i naturally freaked and smacked at the black outline which looked like a head of the monster with the ipad. he's still mad at me. well, i'm cheating, as this happened last night, but whatever.
i am currently 1/3 of the way there. have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am. i am currently 3/4 of theway there. I will post the rest of it on Monday. I hope to have it done by the end of the week.
The story begins last monday at the bar i work at. i got off work early, had my shift drink and the bartender made me a second one. i wanted to go to her bar and give her a visit so i downed the second drink and left for her bar. turns out she is a waitress, and kinda busy, but after i have a beer and a shot of whiskey and order another beer, i am actually rather buzzed and was starting to slur a bit. i wrote my number down on a slip of paper, and then saw her coming over to say hi to me. i don't remember her saying anything, and i turn back and she is walking away. i
 "i've been attending the wrong class since the start of the semester. this means that i have missed credits for participation in class, at least a few homework assignments, and the first midterm for the class "  "i just emailed the professor of the class for which i am registered basically admitting how much of a dumbass i am for going to thewrong class "
My eyes tricked me into thinking the light was green when it was actually red. luckily i didn't crash, unluckily there was a cop car sitting at the light and he instantly pulled me over. now i have a $120 citation. ffffuuu.
i was saving through ifruit, and the next thing i noticed was that his progress had disappeared. i almost threw up all over the console, not before jumping out the window. and restarting the console and reloading the game 4 times. shit shit shit.  if i was my boyfriend, i would hate me.
My dad and i were getting our 1931 ford model a out of a storage unit about 1.5 miles from our house. This car belonged to my great grandfather and is all my dad has left of his granddad. needless to say, it has a lot of sentimental value. we planned to drive it home, but it wouldn't start. no big deal, well tow it. keep in mind this car had no power brakes to begin with. did i mention i've never had to tow before and this is only about the 4th time ive driven the car? but hey, its just steering and braking for a little bit, right?
i had been calling someone for over ten minutes. i was praying (no pun intended) that it was a random number. it was my mom's boss... who is a priest. i nearly had a heart attack. luckily when i answered he didn't mention anything about a message and asked me about school and stuff.
This was my first steam sale and the sale was going until december 3rd. i thought that meant that the sale would end at the end of the day instead of at 10am pst. i was holding off buying some games in the hopes that they would become a daily deal or a flash sale and if they didn't, i would buy them at 11:00pm.
i've been really turned on by the thought of anal pleasure, i had gone in just a little but not much and always cleaned up after not even knowing if i had to. maybe i should have googled this... it would have saved me the trouble i went through today, it really was not nice.
A man called a domestic violence shelter looking for a safe place to stay. The man told the shelter that his wife had pushed him down the stairs. The shelter paid for the man to stay in a hotel, but the police never spoke to him. The police said that the man had been assaulted, but he had not.
This was actually last christmas. the  "tifu " is an lcifu. I was distrustful of my middle sister (so different from us, she must've been adopted; she attempted to steal from a mall anchor store that previous year.) I was given $200 in the packing envelope, and appreciated the gift.
After school my friends and i hangout and when it gets to cold we go in the boys locker room and play games on our laptop. we keep getting kicked out by the same janitor who never wants us in there, (it's not against the school rules) and he always yells at us. so today my friends were hanging out in the school library and we had to go to the bathroom so we went downstairs to the boys bathroom. and i got the great idea to get my revenge i will pee in the trashcan, so i did. right before i finished my physics teacher walks in and says  "what the hell do you think you're doing " he then tells me follow him
i have a pet leopard gecko (she's called saphira)  i use a heat lamp to keep her enclosure warm and well lit during the day. The bulb i was using burnt out about a week ago, and the temperatures here in florida are beginning to cool down, finally.  with that in mind, i went down to the pet store to pick up a new bulb.  the guy at the counter asked what wattage i needed, and i was confused.  i didn't know how powerful the previous bulb was.  so i called my dad and had him look at the lamp to find out what i needed.  150 watts.  great.
i tried heading home and started to vomit in my car. went to hurry my head out the window, but the window was closed and i smashed my face. got an expensive car wash and then used lemon lime air freshener - this is after i got trashed from margaritas.
i can't really explain it. sometimes when i'm bored, i like oral fixation. my preferred option is biting/chewing/sucking on the side of my arm. last night i must have gotten a little carried away, because i woke up this morning with, wait for it, a giant purple bruise on my upper arm. worse still, i did not realize this until i was leaving the house wearing a short sleeve shirt. so i rushed to grab a jacket to cover it up before i left. the day goes on. i found my self in a very hot room, surrounded by 40 or so classmates. i sat there for 2 hours in this sweltering fleece
 "i want one of those, " i state with misplaced confidence, before long, my decision is inked into my shoulder forever "  "i'm hiv positive " in the gay community, and i am pretty sure that kilted man was okay with that, which is very open-minded of him but also is giving me a lot of feelings.  "i've even forgotten it's there once or twice "
i was a twat, i didn't know when to quit. i completely derailed an assessment with my ego. i am a master's student so i should really know better. i'm also terrified about what will happen when my lecturer googles a certain theorist and is treated to some lovely baroque music.
i was going my last year in high school and was under alot of stress from the last exams which led to me having some problems with my sleep. i found taking walks in the middle of the night just before going to bed to be very relaxing and helping me with my issues. i was often gone from between 15-30 minutes and any time from a couple hours before midnight to 3 am. i did this for maybe 2 months and i never encountered people when walking (lived in a small town)  u00a0one night i felt that the walking wasn't enought and i had to rub one out aswell. or even better, lay in bed watching my monitor a couple feet away (2
 "Today ifuckedup " is a daily look at what the internet has been up to this week. The site is open to the public and can be viewed by anyone. It can also be viewed on the Internet at any time.
i was smoking a cigarette in my truck driving down the road and i didn't want to throw my cigarette out the window so i put it in a cup of tea from royal farms. cut to later in the night i'm leaving my lady's house around 1 in the morning, i'm tired, sleepy and thirsty so without thinking i grab the cup ofTea and down the whole thing...i didn't even notice... i finish the tea and turn the light on to find my car charger for my phone when i see it... a fucking cigarette sitting in the bottom of the cup. i immediately proceed to pull over to the side of the road to puke everywhere. i've been on the
 "i realized that when i was watching oscars today that i had watched only one movie among all nominations this year - life of pie "  "i've been so occupied with work and studies that i have kinda given up on my love for movies "  "a fucked up realization and a boring oscar show "
This actually happened a few months ago during the summer. It was summer orientation and me being the incoming freshman did not know a thing about college dining halls and how detrimental it can be to your colon/anus. After eating for what seemed like ages i went back to my dorm and began to relax. But lo and behold the girl in my orientation group that i thought was cute texted me and asked for me to come over to her room since she was living alone in a triple.
i don't know what i'm doing guys, i really don't. i know reddit isn't the place to complain or fix my problems, and that it's up to me to fix them. my gpa is abysmal, below a 2.5. i haven't even met with my advisor to see if i'm on track to graduate. i just got a d+ on a paper worth 25% of a course grade because i didn't hand it in to my professor during his office hours.
i've never wiped a smile off my face that fast in my life. maybe i'll tone down on the positivity for a while. today *was* a good day. got some good marks for work i'd done, had a celebratory beer, was cooking an awesome pasta bake. i practically bounced to her room, shoving the door open. i mumbled an apology, condolences and made a swift exit.
i'm at a friends place, my so and i decide to buy a bottle of sailor jerry's. my friend wanted to drink a little with us so we come back from the liquor store and the friend comes up with the brilliant idea to play a drinking game. we drink, we have a good time, our noses and cheeks are red from the booze, we pass out. i wake up around 5-6 am and proceed to throw up (the first time)
i was riding my bicycle with a big pack of people on a beach side board walk. i had just spanked a girl on the ass. i heard laughter and a yell for me to stop. the girl was laughing and the cop was yelling. as soon as i stopped my freedom was taken away. i admitted to the spanking and thought of it as shenanigans, but life is not a porky's movie. in reality what i did was sexual battery and could go to jail for a few months. i am not a hardened criminal.  i am 20, i go to community college, i have never had a girlfriend, i amNot a player. i own that man twice now
i was meeting a bunch of my boyfriend's friends for the first time, and bowling was the activity decided upon. i wore my favourite jeans that i've had for years. we show up to the bowling lanes, and it happens to be glow in the dark night. there's black lights everywhere. i didn't think anything of it, until i looked down. years of wiping my hands on my thighs was now glowing in the lights. it looked like my boyfriend came about 7 times on my jeans. mortified, i finished up my game, all while pathetically trying to cover the giant glowing stains. after it finished we left very quickly.
When i'm under the influence, i say things i don't think i would say sober or i would not say them the way i do. 1) So there was this girl, a friend of a girl. she wasn't officially invited to the restaurant. so i say ''hey, did (friend's whose birthday it is) invited you? or you're coming along with us uninvited? she took offence. 2) So after the restaurant, i wasn't high anymore but i was drunk. i saw this girl i know who works at the gym i go to. she is with her friends. i said ''naw, i wouldn't sit next to her'' (i
My girlfriend is a yoga instructor, and often invites me to her rigorous classes, including one for sunday morning. i agreed to go the the early 9 am class, and ended up forgetting to set my alarm, or to do my laundry (she asked quite a few days ahead of time). so there it was, 8:15, and she was banging on my door. i let her in and scramble to put on clothes. i grabbed my old yoga pants, by accident, which i happened to forget they were ripped out in the ass. i start looking for panties. nope, none. fast forward to class. we started slow stretches. i realized nothing, until that wonderful pose
My son has a cold, and as a 16 month old, you can't really get him to blow his nose. My husband found a version of the netipot for kids, which actually worked really well to clear the backlog of snot from the poor guy's nose. then i had a thought, what are we inflicting on this poor child? so i decided to try it without washing it first. so now, big surprise, i'm sick thanks to the direct injection of infection into my nasal passages. i doubly, triply, infinitely know better than this.
i carpool with a nice lady that i work with. we will occasionally have some fun on the way to and from work. today was one of those days. right in the middle of my shirt, which has fairly large white stripes on it, is a strange looking beige smudge. weird, it's just about the same colour as her cover-up.
i was tailgating at miller park to watch the milwaukee brewers game. i determined i needed to take a digger, so i went into one of the stalls in the men's room. i put my full vodka and lemonade on the tp holder and proceeded to conduct my business. some asshole decided to slam the door to the stall next to me and my full drink landed directly in my boxers and shorts, that were resting at my ankles. luckily, it was so damn hot they dried in 25 minutes.
i woke up, headed to the bathroom, washed my face, opened up the toothpaste, placed it right next to me on the sink and then proceeded to marinate my toothbrush with soft soap shea butter hand soap. instantly memories of my mother shoving bars of soap in my mouth as a kid came rushing back not to mention at this point i was gagging all over the bathroom.  so if that was any indication of how the rest of my day is going to go, i probably should have called in sick.
 "i got a little too into xbox live. this one's not awful, but its 2 i'm the morning and i get a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs. i got alittle too intoxbox live "
 "I met a girl at a mutual friend's birthday bonfire, and she told me her friend, now referred to as m, just got out of a relationship and is looking to hook-up with someone "  "m and i text for a couple of hours, and m seems genuinely interested. we set a date to go out to a mongolian bbq place for dinner(ok, maybe dinner wasn't an amazing idea for hookup date) 2 days in advance. m texts me from when i wake up till when i go to sleep both days before our dinner date. as the night approaches, i get ready for the night ahead . . . i try to go
i always use 3g on my phone because it's very slow when it connects to my wi-fi. After watching the entire series, i received a nasty bill telling me i had overpassed my internet allowance of 10gb by 300% (30gb) not happy.
 "I completely missed my entire exam and will now fail this subject because i just couldn't read the fucking date properly "  "I. misread the date for the 26th instead of the 25th and completely missed the entire exam "  "i. mis read the date  instead of  u00a0the u00a025th and u00a0completely missed my u00a0exam u00a0and will now u00a0fail this subject "
i was working out today at my parents house before work as they have a gym in their basement along with a shower and a laundry room. it was about 90 degrees out so i got a little sweaty and didn't want to go to work all nasty. i see a towel on the floor in the laundry room and grab it and wipe off my face and start to wipe offMy chest and a smell hits me. any male will know that you cannot mistake this smell. i smelled semen. now unless someone randomly came in to my parents. house and just had their way with their laundry, my father was the culprit.
i was watching tv when i felt a mighty need to toot. so i bent down in front of the candle and, to put it daintily, ripped ass. i should have seen it coming, but to my shock, a bright flash ignited behind me. my popsicle-stick framed photo of my late grandma is on fire! i threw it on the ground, but was afraid to stomp it out because i was barefoot. then things got worse. the back of my skirt was on fire, too! i jumped out of it and ran to the kitchen for some water. i put it out just in time for my mom to find me, in my pantsu, dumping
i went to bed at about 6 am last night and woke up at about 8 this morning, only getting two hours of sleep. i don't have school or work today, so i went about being lazy with the day. i ate breakfast, browsed reddit, watched some tv. at about noon i was getting really sleepy. i went to my bedroom to take a nap. i was only expecting to nap for an hour tops, but lo and behold, i wake up at four and have a billion texts from this boy that i sent just after i fell asleep, asking if i'd like to go on a date with him at two o'clock. i feel so fucking stupid.
i have a huge presentation this afternoon and was eating a chipotle burrito, when i was telling a story to my co-worker. i gestured rather vigorously and spilled the contents on my stomach/lap. i have no idea how to get this stuff clean again and i'm too far to just go home and change :(
i was horribly wrong. so my ap physics teacher said that we were going to have valentine's day party. thinking that  "oh, i'm in high school, it's not going to be a big deal ", i didn't really do or bring anything. while everyone was walking around dropping the candy in the bags i was just kind of awkwardly pacing around.nobody even saw me, so i think that makes it even worse.
My brother, well he sometimes posts  "innapropriate " stuff on facebook and im constantly nagging him about it. so today he likes a video entitled  "white girls can twerk too " and i go apeshit about it, so i message him: this is the result.
 "i officially suck. ...*sigh*. the title pretty much says it all, but ill explain a bit "  "i got up at 530am to get ready for work, and am still a little groggy from my ambien i took the night before. to top that off i had dental work done yesterday, so the first thing i did this morning was take some vicodin (on an empty stomach) which was prescribed to me for pain "
i'd left a porn window open on the laptop my wife and i use, and the porn site just happened to be of the 'sissie' variety. i don't fully know what her reaction will be come morning...and i'm a little apprehensive about finding out.
Last night i sent my psudo crush a message telling her how i felt entirely in swedish via imessage. i just noticed it, and realized in my high ass state i misspoke a phrase that turns it from sweet and nice, to shallow and conceded. we spoke today and she didnt mention it, but otherwise acted normal. so now i dont know if she translated it or not.
This morning i had a 5 mile and 50 lbs ruck. i decided to wear my old boots instead of the new ones. i ended up with blisters all over the bottoms of my feet. i drive a manual and stepping on the clutch has been hell all day.
i have had a really nasty stomach virus that didn't allow me to keep any liquids down for almost 3 days. today, i started getting light headed and decided it was time to go to the er. i'm at check in and comment that i'm about to puke, so they handed me a plastic basin and i ralphed in it. while i'm recovering, i start to get really lightheaded and puke into the bucket again, which i guess was enough to put me over the top and i fell head first into that bucket. the good news is that they gave me enough meds so that i am not puking everywhere now.
i work front desk at a salon and a woman checked in today with black shit rubbed all over her forehead. i immediately start laughing and walked around my desk informing the lady about the dirt and tried to wipe it off for her with a tissue. she just grabbed my hand before it was too late and explained to me what is was there for.
i've been dog-sitting. my current charge is an arthritic, old sweetheart of a yellow lab who requires medication and whom i must watch carefully lest he eat his own poop. when i stay with him, i camp out on the kitchen floor with him because he gets a little nervous when his family is away. i arrange my simple toiletries all ocd on the counter and roll out my sleeping bag. i didn't realize it wasn't mine until i was using it.
My friend and i pretended i lost my phone. we texted another friend of ours, and then sent her the copypasta. we have called a lawyer. What could happen to me? What could be the worst that could happen? What is the worst thing that can happen to you?
 "can you help a homeless man? " he asked.  "Help for the homeless? " i ignored him again. probably trying to buy beer at the liquor store across the street.  "c'mon, " i said, and finally he turned and took the bill.  "thanks " he murmured, and turned away again and kept going.
Tifu by spraying leather waterproofing on his armpits.  "Yeah, right, it's waterproof dumbass. got out, dried off and called poison control for advise "  "Now i have to put anti-itch on the pits because i'm getting a rash "
i received a voice mail to go online and finish my application for the royal bank of scotland, as there were only a few application slots left. i went back online and finished the application around 12 pm, stopping here and there to mess around on reddit and also to listen to some kickass tunes. the application went through and told me i was through to the second stage! (awesome) and to give them a call for an over the phone interview. i called them at 3:45 pm and they told me they had no interviews left. damn.
The school at which i am employed uses a rotating schedule wherein classes rotate one period later every day. yesterday i taught a class during 4th period and so today that class was supposed to meet 5th period, according to my schedule. about 10 minutes into the period the principal comes running in and wakes me up saying  "you're supposed to be teaching now get in there!! "
First time posting in this subreddit, but here goes nothing. So on saturday, i went on a blind double date with my best friend, his girlfriend, and one of her friends. Fast forward to the end of the night we exchange contact info and really hit it off. We were texting all week, setting up a date for the weekend and saying how much we were both excited to see each other and to start the whole new relationship thing. Now comes today, after having a somewhat personal conversation, he made the mistake of telling his girlfriend. She tells my new lady friend that she heard about the conversation, and shit hits the fan. i receive a very upsetting text message along the lines
A frient and i were doing what frients do. about halfway through the session my dad gets home. my frient had already cleaned everything up except for the bong. so i snagged it and ducked my ass into the bathroom. after locking the door real quick i decided to dump her out. this is where i totally forgot to take  the bowl out. i watched as the bowl tumbled into its end. it broke into about 5 pieces.
i have only had this bike since november, and have put in almost a grand getting it up to spec. The mount, on the frame, cast aluminium, had broken. A welder is coming to take a look at it, but even if it can be stuck on, it may not be as strong as before.
A student's school backpack was left strewn with bondage toys. The toys included a ballgag, handcuffs, blindfolds, leather lingerie and chaps, two buttplugs, a collar and a leash, a corset, and a small red dildo.
 made fettucine carbonara for my parents, but forgot to cook the bacon before i added it. it was still edible, but nowhere near as good as it should have been. i'm going to try to do better next time, but it's going to be a long time.
i was using my galaxy tablet reddit app as a newspaper while i was dropping the kids off at the pool. i got so tuned into reading all sorts of stuff from the front page that a good long period of time passes by, realising that i had been sitting on the toilet naked for ages. decided to put my galaxy down so i can stand up to wipe, get halfway up and then feel myself falling forward, before i know it i've just rammed my head into the bathroom door. i wake up laying on the tile floor, still naked, with my mother heavily knocking on the door and shouting if i am ok and what is going on. i get up and tell her i
This would make it a lot more interesting imo. this would make a lot of people want to know more about it. i would love to see more of the story behind the scenes of this film. i.e. who would be in it and what would they be doing.
My cousin always brings it up and he thought i should post it here so here it goes. 4 years ago my family and i took a road-trip to a wedding that was about 5 hours away. we were about 2 hours away from our destination when i got the sudden urge to poop. but i didn't want to tell my uncle to stop so i could take a shit, it would've just been weird. all them waiting in a car for 15 minutes while take a dump, i don't know, i just didn't ask them to stop the car.
i was in a hurry threw on some pants, and the first shirt i could grab, which ended up being a loose tank top. i quickly pulled my shirt over my boob, and told myself if he seen it, he won't say nothing, but then again he's probably to busy to see it. i was wrong. he came back up to my window, took my 20.00 and put his head in side my vehicle and said  "mam, i seen your titty ". all i could stammer out was  "oh, i am so sorry "
The worst day of my life, ever (but also, somewhat the funniest.) My cousin has the most feminine, high pitch singing voice i have ever heard. I found his voice hilarious, but i was keeping my laughter contained. The loudest and stupidest laugh to erupt from my mouth.
i maced myself twice today and neither time was on purpose. my father is a police officer and i had always been curious about the mace can on his duty belt. so today when he and my mother were out i got the can off of his belt and meaning to spray a bit in my hand, i instead shot myself in the eyes. after several minutes of thrashing i stumbled to the bathroom and flushed my eyes and thought i had recovered. i had not... when my father and mother returned they noticed my very red eyes and my father accused me of smoking pot.
i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability. fairly well spoken ones at that. i hope i don't have to make a contribution to this Sr. at some point in the future.
 "I was arguing my math. by multiplying by 1000 when i should have divided by 1000... on a spreadsheet to the president of the company, " he said.  "I was trying to prove to him that my math was better than his. " He added:  "I didn't want to argue with him, I just wanted him to understand my math "
 "i tried to explain the 'full on rapist' joke from it's always sunny and it didn't seem to go down well. she didn't get it and it caused an awkward situation as she already thinks i'm quite creepy for some reason "  "i'm always sunny "
This happened to me last summer, but i thought i might as well share this chain reaction fuck up. so they day started off as normal and i decided to take a run at the local trail. after my run I decided to drink my gatorade and sit on the bench. i get back in my car and as i'm driving home, i realize i left my shirt and phone on the roof of my car. i drive back to the parking lot and in the entrance is my Shirt and obliterated phone. naturally being a dumb teenager, i went out and impulse bought a new cell phone. i got home and my parents informed me that i had insurance on my old phone and that
i love chocolate so when i see it...i eat it. my great grandpa left a box of  "chocolates " on the kitchen counter so i decided... "what the hell " and ate a few. later on i got massive shits and was throwing up. i was thinking food poisoning. after staying up the whole night...i decided to go and look at the box of chocolate. turns out i ate laxatives.
My so has been sick on and off for the last few weeks and i just realized that it is me who is making him sick. i have just stopped the cunnilingus and stick to straight penetration. i will still go down on him but the thought of him going down on me scares me now. my poor love just wants to make me happy and my toxic snatch is trying to kill him!
i'm taking intro to physics, intro to bio, ethics, and spanish. physics - you can miss one test and it won't count against you, ethics - throws out the lowest test grade. i've already taken 2 and gotten b's on both. now the highest grade i can get in the class is a b if i score 100% on all of the others.
In science class, we were finally allowed to drink our ginger beer after the yeast has fermented for days. Having had a smaller bottle than the other groups, i decided to make a bet that if i drink all of it, i get $5 from my group. they accepted, and thus i fucking chugged that shit. next thing i know i'm fucking stuck in the bathroom having a waterfall of shit coming out of my asshole. and we're fucking out of toilet paper. then my fucking group told me that they doubled the yeast content. ha.
P.S. sorry for the grammar mistakes. i'm pretty sure we were about to have s@x but i told her that it was my first time and think i blew it. p.p.s. i think i'm going to have a drink with my friends tonight.
i went out to take some long-exposure pics, so i brought my tripod with my camera. i noticed a crack on the tripod, where the legs meet the body, but i didn't take any heed of it. the lens itself is fine, since i can still take pics. the bad news, the dent near the top makes it damn near impossible to remove the filter.
Despite having learnt chinese for half my life so far, i am still not doing well in the course due to lack of interest. assignments and forms for official submisaion are due today. i resent it because my parents want me to do it and being the arrogant and resentful little shit that i am,a teen. i expect to face academic suspension or some sort of school based punishment.
i decided to wait until tonight to do my missing stats work, and an (easy) english essay. normally, you'd think  "no big deal, just a bit of a late night ". except scumbag brain/body decided to give me a migraine right as i sat down to do it. my migraines don't hurt as much as some people's but when i get them, i can hardly see. only reason i'm able to type this relatively well is because i have the locations of the virtual keys on my iphone pretty well memorized, and the red underlines stand out.
 /r/tifu has reached 75,000 subscribers. The mod team would like to reach out to you, the community, on what we could do to improve this community. Thanks in advance for your input, and please upvote this post so that more people can see it.
i usually keep my things locked up since i'm still living with my mother. my mother is a vicious little nitpicky inspector of my items. one late night i got home, i was so stupid to forget to take my purse of coins out of my pocket, which also contains my 8 gb flash drive. this flash drive, contains all of my school projects and important account information.
i had just gotten an iphone 4 the other week and it was raining, like drizzling. i decided to text my mother letting her know i arrived at school safely. one (and i mean one) drop of rain drips onto it and i didn't give a fuck. i was at the apple store's  "genius bar " (a bit pretentious, apple?) and they tell me that water damage isn't covered. so they said they cannot fix the water damage (which is a lie, but doing so yourself will void the warranty) so i was given another iphones which i had to pay for. scumbag apple...
i was taking a trip to the grocery store to buy a few thing for dinner when i looked down and spotted a wallet by the double doors. i had barly picked it up when i heard  "hey drop my wallet theif! " i turned around to see some pissed off looking neckbeard breathing down my neck. he snatched it out of my hands and proceded to open and accuse me of stealing $300 out of it.
i got carried away and sent a mass mail to my whole batch at midnight declaring that all the lectures of the next day have been cancelled. i used the registrar's e-mail address as the sender. that must be one of the stupidest mistakes of my life. i'll probably be called before the disciplinary action committee. i think i might get removed from the university hostel for a semester.
i dropped some eye drops unto my lips and figured it was just super liquidy because maybe my lips were not as dry anymore. i realize my error with the campho-phenique and was glad my son snapped me out before this happened. after several rinses and 3 hours later, my eye doesn't burn anymore. it just feels a bit numb.
i ride a comutter train to work and therefore purchase a monthly ticket. i arrived at the ticket kiosk at the last minute, the train was pulling into the statiin. i could have prevented this all together had i not left my wallet at home last fiday and purchased my ticket then.
My temp contract is not being renewed and because i have holidays to take i am off from today. only found out on friday but feel bad i forgot to tell her til today. now we are both out of a job. i am so sad. i love my job.
An average looking guy came in and explained that he had accidentally locked his keys in his car while picking it up from the auto repair shop next door. He asked if we had a coat hanger or something that he could use to pry the door open. i let him borrow it, telling him that we really needed it back, please, and he replied that, yes he would bring it right back. 15 minutes before closing, and the guy has yet to return, with or without our doorstop.
i'm in school and third period rolls around when i notice a massive crotch hole in my pants. i spent the rest of the day waddling around with my legs closed and pushing my chair way too far into my desk as to remain unexposed. to everyone that wasn't aware of my dilemma, it looked like i was trying to conceal an erection throughout the entire day.
In health class we recently got a new workbook. In a fit of boredom, i flipped through the book and drew something very offensive. on the back of the book, there was a picture of jesus, on a cross, crying for help. my teacher saw it, then brought it to the office. i was asked about sexual abuse in my childhood (of which i have none)
i just started working at a frozen yogurt shop. apparently, there was a mandatory staff meeting yesterday, and an email was sent out about it earlier in the week. my only access to the internet is through my phone, because i can no longer afford prices from major telecom providers. i let my boss know what the problem was, and why i couldn't respond to his emails, but he's told me he must stick with his decision.
Having not fapped in a few weeks, i thought it was a great idea. skip ahead 25 minutes, i've finished and threw away the cum tissue. i decided to lay back in bed for a few minutes before taking a shower. i let my eyes close for the few minutes and when i opened them again it was about 11:30am. effectively falling asleep and missing an important lecture.
i wanted a wet/dry shop vac for my garage, and bought a bargain one at a liquidator/take-back outlet store. i got it for about half what i would have paid brand new, but part of the deal was that it was as-is and no return.got it home and realized it had no hose and no attachments, just the extension nozzles.ended up buying a hose and an adapter, which cost more than i paid for the vacuum.
i went to a club and got really hammered. we went back to my apartment for an after party but i was too drunk and people left because i was falling asleep. instead of doing what any sane person would do and call it a night, i kept drinking and convinced myself that this night wasn't over. so i bought two bus tickets and then decided i should take a quick nap before leaving.i wake up five hours after the bus left to social media mayhem. tons of people commenting on my state of mind, messages asking me if i was sane, pretty funny shit. i decided it would just be better if i deleted my profile for a while.
i let my cousin use my laptop and when i got it back, i saw my mail client open on my throwaway email account. every message was pretty much there for him to see, from my dick pics to craigslist casual encounters responses. he didn't say anything to me, but i'm assuming he went through all of them.
This is the same ankle that i sprained a few months ago, only this time it was much worse. i screamed quite loudly so most of the gym came to see about me. it was almost an hour of throbbing pain before it finally settled down. now i can't walk on it for a week, all because i hurt myself.
i'm pretty upset. i'mpretty upset. I'm upset about a lot of things, but I'm not upset about this. I just want to know what's going on. I don't want to think about it. I want it to go away. I need it to stop.
i decided to go for a run this afternoon to expel some energy after playing playstation. my drive way is kinda steep and it had been raining this morning. anyways, as i jog down the driveway i twist my ankle and slide down the drive way in agony and have to be helped back inside back to the lounge.
New boyfriend gives me my first creampie in front of his parents. It sounds like a diarrhoea fart of the worst kind and last about 30 seconds. The fluid is sputtering out of my cavity like a waterfall accompanied by all the air that'd been pounded in there from the shenanigans.
i got a bunch of ear wax, and it was really starting to annoy me, because it was hampering my hearing. i decided to use a cue-tip, to try and get it out. then i noticed that instead of helping, i pushed it further in making my hearing slightly worse. great, i'll just go to bed, and take a shower in the morning, in the hopes of being able to wash it out!
The hard drive has been on for 24,000 hours; the drive itself is 4 years old or so. There are 2 partitions on the machine, one for windows and program files and another for everything else. The second partition was still readable. and i could boot the computer from my external hard drive containing an ubuntu.
It had been about 2 weeks, and i needed to crank one out. As i reached for the paper towels (not tissues...i wasn't fucking around) i clumsily knocked them over. as i leaned forward to catch them, the cannon fired directly into my armpit. so there i sat with 2 weeks worth of my own juice clinging to my ararmit. clean up was a nightmare as i am a rather hairy man.
The story was told by a member of the army cadets. The story was written before /r/tifu was created. It was about a group of cadets who went hiking. One of them fell down a hill and was hit by a spike. He had to remove the spike with a multitool.
i was supposed to fly home to california today, but about five days ago i developed a nasty case of viral bronchitis. coupled with my asthma, i am way too sick to fly. today my mother dragged me to an urgent care clinic for the second time in three days because my cough became dramatically worse overnight. they did chest x-rays and determined the chest pain wasn't pneumonia, but a pulled muscle and a couple bruised ribs from coughing so hard.
i forgot to button the pocket when i put my phone back in. got off the ride, noticed a disturbing lightness of my pants. they said to come back in about 4 hours and they'd check the track.well... [they found it.](sorry for poor picture quality. phone is also camera, so i had to use my ipad :/ [first world problems, anyone?].)
i recently see opposite sex leaving their place while the s.o. is not around. did they find out on their own??? to add insult to injury i passed on a message to s.O. saying,  "you may want to ask about opposite sex that left your place today " i spoke with a friend and they said, what if they have a gun and kill the other person or commit suicide bc of your actions?
i'm sorry op (if by some miracle you are reading this)! i casually grabbed by cart and left op's cart where mine was. i hope he/she came back and found it rather than having to go through the aisles again and picking up stuff.
i like to think of myself as a brave guy, trying out jokes on random folks i meet. i'm a younger guy, so i figured that this particular statement would work.  "yeah, well my mom normally does all my shopping, so this is a first for me! " Immediately after i said that, her smile lost a few molars, and a nearby coworker did everything to keep from laughing.
i live in a small house with just one roommate, and our door is set up so that the handle can lock on the outside. not thinking, i closed the door behind me. my roommate had left the day before to visit her boyfriend and was nowhere near the area. luckily, the neighbor that i called returned home and apparently saw my butt and legs sitting out there. she gave me a few shoves but it just wasn't happening.
Last night was pizza night. Usually, if there are some leftovers i will have a cold slice of pizza with my coffee the next morning. i decided to do that while enjoying some creepypasta that i didn't have the balls to read last night. As soon as i finished reading it felt like there was a flood of urine rushing to escape my body.
My sister had a very bad anxiety/panic attack stemming from a lack of sleep and stress. we just got back from the hospital. my father has decided not to follow through with the custody battle. thanks for listening, reddit :). thanks to reddit for the help with this post.
So i was really sick and staying at my grandmas house. In the middle of the night i woke up and thought i was just over sweating in my genitals region. so i reached down and it just felt like sweat so i fell back asleep. I woke up again and felt it and this time for some god awful reason i decided to smell it. i realized i shitted myself and went and took a shower to clean myself. the worst part of it all my dog likes to sleep under my blankets.
After four long years completing my b.s., i am job searching, and interviewing everywhere i can. i luckily obtain an interview at merck, and all seems to be going well up until my ringtone goes off... " **mulatto butts, (mulatu butts)! black and white butts,. (black and whiteButts)!** " my archer ringtone resulted in a very awkward rest of interview wit me leaving swiftly. went home turned on netflix and played an episode of archer.
me and my bf got some alcohol last night, he got cider and i got wine. i thought it would be fun to get tipsy and have sex, cause its generally pretty fun. well no that didn't happen. we were in bed and i've had 5 glasses of wine, feeling the perfect tipsy, i got into my lingerie and m bf was finding us something to watch.
i recently went to the dermatologist about these bumps on my skin which i thought were eczema. After taking a look at my arm, i was told i have a fairly common condition known as keratosis pilaris. My skin is so dry, that hair follicles cannot break through my skin and so they pile up underneath and cause bumps. The dermatologist gave me several samples of a cream that would get rid of them.
i work as part of it for the department of child support services, and this group is are a lively bunch of individuals. i asked one of my coworkers to purchase me a package of googly eyes to decorate these motivational posters for child support. i started in our little area to see how these turned out, [hilarious] and so [every time i went out to answer a ticket, i would place another pair of eyes on another poster. a week later, my coworkers get a letter of reprimand stating that they observed me placing googly Eyes on a poster and did not report the vandalism. i went to go apologize to the graphics artists and tell them that i was the
i made the mistake of eating nothing all day but fruit and ice cream because i really didn't feel all that hungry and i thought it wouldn't be a big deal. well. as evening set in, my insides began to rumble ominously. something evil was brewing. still, i was alone in my room and decided to just let a silent one out. so i let one out, and instantly feel a little better, so i keep going. then the smell hit me. everyone says that you always love your own brand, but this... this thing was unlike anything like i've ever experienced before. it was like concentrated evil had somehow found its way into this world and i was
The sheep that my dog was chasing, were not only pregnant, but were pedigree, and their lambs worth lotsa money. i gave the farmer our details as he needs to contact the police for the 'dog attack', and soon we will be visited by them etc etc. in about 10 days we will also be notified if there have been any miscarriages, and if there are then we'll be fined. and we have no home insurance to cover it, and i am a fucking student... but the annoying thing is that the path was right next to a public footpath, and there were no signs saying 'private land' etc.
i work in an hour and a half, and am terribly lazy. every day, rather than ironing my work uniform, i just toss it into the dryer for a while before getting dressed. today was a day like any other, except that by chance i woke up unusually early. i generally go commando, so there was nothing to protect my bits 'n berries from the searing awfulness that happened next. there was an audible sizzle and the smell of burnt flesh, and my vision went white for a moment as searing pain overtook every fiber of my being. that shit *hurt*.
A former co-worker accidentally sends a sexual message to the wrong person. The message was meant for her boyfriend, but ended up being sent to a former colleague. The man was cool about it, saying  "lucky guy whoever it was intended for " The man has not told his boyfriend about the incident.
i was texting a girl i like but we are just friends ( i asked her out before  but got let down gently) and she went ballistic. 3 hours later and i'm going be murdered because i'm insensitive. she tells me about this mental disorder which is fake, i looked it up. she says the exploit this illness and it makes her cut herself.
i was filling out my fafsa (financial aid) for school and apparently i put that i had $102,000 in my bank account at the time. so now i owe $900 instead of getting $1400-$1500 back. i submitted a corrected form (due by september 20th) but i'm afraid that its too late to get any of that money i should have. god damn it.
 "I. forgot a form of id for a tax form, and now my hiring manager probably won't be interested in rescheduling.  great, " she said.  "So I'm going to have to reschedule, " she added.  "And I'm not going to be able to get a job because of it "
A reddit.com user had to go to the toilet during a conversation with a new neighbor. A geyser of urine drenched the back of his legs, his pants, and the corner of his bath mat. The user mopped up his glorious eruption with wads of his two ply toilet paper.
i was heading off to my fourth period class at my high school, and knew i had to go shit tons before the class started. in my school, there are two bathrooms on the upper floor, one at the beginning of each wing. as you approach these restrooms, the men's is always on the right; it's organized by left/right rather than relative to the middle area. as i usually go on the side i was not going on at the time, i blindly hurried into the ladies' unaware of the difference.
i was using the urinal at the time, so i was able to quickly switch to the stall, but not before causing irreparable damage to my underwear and pants. i had to go home, shower, and change, making me late for my son's first holiday concert!  it was either that, or show up smelling like shit :(
i'm male. i know the 'dannii' part of my username is female, but i'm not. sorry to disappoint..***just felt like this needed to be said - i'm male, i'm in year 11 (last year) and he's also in my form.
i've never had a truly ridiculous day, so please bear with me in this journey. yesterday was a succession of fuckups, every individual one being worse than the one before. i'm planning on leaving my school in new york on the 20th to go on vacation, and then returning home to florida on the 28th. i 100% believed that i had to take the r train to the a train. after hauling my bags and banjo through the station, i sit down on the r trains. i don't see my stop. i got on the wrong train. i was supposed to ride the train to get to the airport, and unless you've ridden the
A video of  "how to boil milk " went viral on YouTube. This is the video that made the most sense to me. It was so funny that i had to share it with the world.
My mom has no idea i'm even remotely sexually active... i will update if possible... if i'm not murdered by my mother... i'm still on the hunt for my bdsm gear. If she tells my so's parents they'll ship him off to alaska and i'll never see him again.
i stopped attending classes. i stopped handing in assignments for about a month now. i just woke up, distracted myself 'til nightfall, and then went back to sleep. my first final is in 6 hours. i am unprepared (and under-slept). but i just feel *really* apathetic. blegh.
Worried by recent comcast email warnings for downloading content illegally, i decided to clean up my frostwire library. deleted over 5,000 music files just to be sure there was nothing else i could get in trouble for. tried to play music in itunes later and i was unable to play a singular song because none of the original files could be located. now i have to start recreating my entire itunes library...
i can't even contact the person who sold it to me: my phone calls are being ignored. i even have the previous owner's signature on the back of the title... i was told to get a bill of sale, but i can't. what kind of shitty situation is this?
My professor is an old family friend, so i knew him before this class and had his number from a few years back. My boyfriend happens to have the same name as him. He got a new number today, and before i had it saved as  "(his name) <3 ", so there was never any ambiguity. But, as i obviously don't text or call my professor, i had forgotten i even had a number. So i sent it immediately to his name.  except, it wasn't him.
Gum fell out of my mouth and is now entangled into my pubic hair. i cannot move without tugging on the hair and have tried to cut it out, there is so much gum it clogged the scissors. ... and masturbating. the gum fell out my mouth.
i took a huge dump that clogged my toilet so i used a hairbrush to smush it up and then disposed of it into my trash can. my boyfriend came into my room a few minutes later and asked why are you throwing away this perfectly good hair brush. he was holding the shit end.
A 16-year-old was biking with a friend when he ran over a stick in the bike path. The stick flipped up into his spokes, and he fell to the ground. He suffered road rash and a chunk of his chin was taken out. He was not seriously injured.
i used to date my fiance's brother a really long time ago, and i feel that things are still kind of awkward between us. now i had an argument with my mother who btw is the devil, and so i left and went over to his house. his brother usually doesn't get home till around 4:30 from what i have seen in the past; but today was different. he decides to check who is home, not knowing that i'm here and knocks once then opens the door. i see, get up, run to the closet and hide and say don't you even think of coming in, to which he promptly shuts the door and goes into the other room. i
i had every intention of subscribing. i just wasn't even thinking. not too horribly bad. still, a free week is afree week; i just didn't think about it. farewell until monday, reddit!    farewell until next Monday, reddit.
My sister recently had a baby and isn't able to leave her house very often due to taking care of the baby. so yesterday i decided to be nice and bring over taco bell and alleviate her by holding her baby. that way she could eat in peace. while holding the baby he let go a fart of all farts, or so i thought. when the taste hit my taste buds i immediately start puking everywhere. i cannot fully describe the taste of it, other than 20 year old hamburger meat.
i was doing some yardwork to help my parents out and had gloves on for most of the time. at the very end when i was done, i had to put some of the ivy and weeds i had chopped in a trash bag and somehow some poison ivy got mixed up in the bunch. i wiped sweat right above my eyes/eyelids and had to readjust by boys because the pants were a little tight. i immediately took a shower after that, but it was too late.
The inside of the bag was crawling with fruit flies. Their small, dark bodies buzzed and crawled over the bread, making it look like it had been sprinkled with amaranth seeds that could move. i just spat out every last crumb without thinking, spraying it everywhere. i'm never eating a scone again in my life.
i can't see any damage but i'm not going to stop panicking until she's back from work and has had a look at it. it's a slinky reiss lace dress that looks really really fragile. bugger! i grabbed the whole pile and put it in the machine. nearly had a heart attack when i pulled it out!
The plumber came over to fix the water heater in the dorm. While he was in the bathroom, the girl couldn't hold it anymore and threw up. The plumber didn't say a word, fixed the heater and left the room. Most embarrassing moment of my life. At least we have warm water again.
So i thought i would get to fixing that old laptop that's been laying around for a few years. The one my sister used for 4 years. So i yanked the hard-drive out of th laptop and hooked it up to my machine so i could back-up any needed files/documents. After a while of searching around and cut-pasting a few files, i decide to see what lies in the my video's folder. This is the part where i fuck up and why i'm never going to be able to look my sisters boyfriend in the eye again.
This happened a couple years ago when i was still in high school and masturbated a lot. i was reminded of this incident when i read /u/ejaculator123's post.
i met my best friends sister two days ago, she's incredibly cute but it was his sister so i thought i'd talk to him about it first. he says it's fine hook up, whatever, but then i did, twice, while he was home. he told me to stop but i didn't, i called her and we hooked up a third time. later that night, my other good friend's ex from 2 years ago hits me up to hang out. her and i were always good friends and i'm pretty sure my buddy is completely over her so i go over, one thing leads to another and we end up having sex. after, she tells me my buddy has been
A college student loses to his 5-year-old cousin in a game of wii basketball. The game ends in a humiliating defeat for the college senior. The gamer is so humiliated that he screams out  "get fucked!!! " in a rage of the fiery rage of gamer.
i was taking a dump in my office bathroom and playing candy crush on my phone. after the deed was done and i was satisfied with the game, it was time to get back to work. so i try to put my phone in my pocket but it slips from my hand, falls on the floor and slides over in the next stall. to make it worst, the stall is occupied. no response from other stall. i can see my phone laying next to the person's shoe. i don't hear any movement so i clean myself as quickly as i could, wash my hands and waited for the stall to open. 5 mins go by, i am just standing outside awkwardly with no sign
i kept it in my pocket, feeling it all day to make sure it was real. i'm a bit depressed and think there's a deeper meaning behind it. maybe the universe is trying to tell me that i'm not good enough to have it. i don't think i deserve it.
i was watching some of the best shit i'd ever seen (i'm talking brazzers true life hd at 1080p and the like, there's just no going back) when i decided it was time to fap. i was lying down on my bed, sonar mode engaged (one earbud in, one out) face down, fapping away, just on the verge of climaxing when i heard footsteps nearby. i threw the ipad under the bed and tried to hold it in while i pretended i was just getting up from a nap or whatever. while i was getting up, my dick brushed up against my thigh or my pants or something, then i knew
A large piece of adhesive glass that i tried to remove stuck too well to the lcd and brought tension upwards. The screen won't come on at all. I don't have insurance on this phone so what am i supposed to do with this thing at this point? is the cost of getting this phone repaired similar or comparable to just buying a new phone? can i sell it for scraps? if so where?
so i hadn't run in about 3 weeks. i tried to keep up with the leading runners, oblivious to their varsity status. on the first lap, i wasted all my energy. one lap to go and i am practically dead. my bladder had enough, too, as i began to piss with every impact. i finished 43rd out of 50. ...at least i wasn't last?
i quickly lost all interest on my final and try to ask the prof if i can be excused for bathroom. did a walk of shame all the way to the bathroom while clenching whatever mess i still had brewed inside. turns out the shit stained my shorts. i made a couple calls and mom comes after 30 mins with a fresh pair.
i was going to pick up a friend from the airport and decided to take the trash out on the way with my dog in tow. i had a box that was full of packing peanuts so i brought along some scissors to break down the box. i got to the dumpster and was pouring the packing peanuts out of the box when my dog spots a squirrel and jumps out the window.  i chase after her, stabbing myself in the arm with the scissors. no stitches needed but ow.
i awoke this morning to feel the guy i'm seeing pushing up behind me, indicating it was time for some morning sex. His a/c wasn't working, so it had become extremely stuffy and hot overnight. i decide to turn the fan on high, and proceed to jump on top. bad idea. while on top of him i begin to feel uncomfortable as i go through the motions. i realize about half-way in that the fan blowing on high is blowing directly onto where our body's intertwined. i laugh harder as the  "quieffs " get louder and louder.
i recently softmodded my wii to play gamecube games saved to a flash drive. i was always a fan of [donkey konga] and wanted to get the rest of the games. so i downloaded donkey konga 3, which was only released in japan. i loaded the game and was asked (in japanese, of course) if i wanted to make a save file on my memory card. what it actually said was,  "do you want to format this memory card to work with this region of games? " and, if you didn't know, formatting it would wipe all data from the card. and that's what happened.
i hate itchy, wiry pubic hairs. having lice in your hair is one thing - but having a constant itch in your pubes? insufferable! so that's why i always make sure to properly groom my pubes - i treat them as if they're my own children. surely i'm not the only one who does this...
After two howto 101 videos, im thinkin this shit is easy i just want a crew cut something simple. soon after 10 minutes of constant buzzing and back and forth. my head looked like half a cut lawn, so continuing. the power cuts off in some twisted movie type shit so i look and nothing. my parents come home and bust out laughing at my not funny humor attempt.  "the power wont be on until tomorrow " so now im half haired oh and tomorrow's the first day of school.
i'm home from college for my dad's birthday weekend and i bought him apple tv, which allows you to watch netflix, itunes stuff, and livestream your ipad/iphone/laptop. needless to say my parents were not pleased when their breaking bad turned into a milf porno and i am refusing to go downstairs for the remainder of the day.
i'm not a frat guy nor a  "partier ", but i was also no stranger to the party scene. i had decided that i might as well get some fresh air and break out both my room and my shell for once. as i observe the inebriated and rather spacey group, i suddenly catch a guy playfully poking the breast of the girl next to him, like one would play with a small kitten. she had been drinking, so she didn't mind much. i suddenly looked her square in the eyes and declared:  "it's definitely your left one. "
A friend told me that if you put a potato on your arm overnight and then the next morning you tap the area with a spoon you arm will break. i cut some red potatoes in slices and put them in a sock and slept with my hand in there. The next morning i tapped my hand and it resulted in a broken bone. Do not try this at home.
The story starts with me visiting a 5-day festival over the weekend. i decided not to poo in them at all but hold it till i would get home. as soon as the festival was over and i sat at my throne at home i started pressing. i looked down in the bowl and saw a really big sausage divided in 4 sections:3 of them hard and in varios colours and the last part was nearly fluent.
 "i was hanging out with the roommates, smoking, enjoying myself. after getting to what felt like a [7] i got a very unexpected burst of energy. i decided that i was going to be productive. i was incredibly slow paced but successful nonetheless at the first few loads. the last load of laundry is what triggered some very unexpected events. i washed the entire box of 100 dryer sheets in the washing machine right on top of all the aforementioned laundry shit. the dryer is smoking and i decide that i don't want to yolo ever again.
A man in Thailand contracted typhoid fever after ingesting someone else's fecal matter. In his sleep he shit the bed and had to be cleaned out by a nurse. The nurses at the hospital gave him some funny / disgusted looks for the rest of the 3 days he was there.
My best friend's place needed to have the insulation replaced in their attic. His mom paid me and my two friends with rammstein pit tickets. We go to the concert and it is one of the best concerts any of us have ever been to. they go into mein teil and till is covered in blood and in full on butcher's garb. the song ends and we are rocking our faces off. the next song starts and people start throwing things into the audience from the front (i'm assuming that it's the fans throwing random things they brought). i then see a black dot fly into the air coming straight in my direction and i catch it like any good fan would.
A man and his 3 6 or so year old children were buying our pet guinea pig. The children tuned their attention from the stupid little animal just long enough for them to see my penis flapping as i ran down to my room. me and my girlfriend are held up there now, waiting for a chance to escape.
Oyster crackers are delicious, one cannot just have a few. One should not eat 13 servings in one sitting because one is bored on a rainy saturday. Now i am super full and feel like crap damnit. I should have eaten a few more.
i work on dirt roads and recently we got some precipitation which of course caused the roads to become muddy. with the mud caked all over and in my pickup it started to shake badly at highway speed. i was trying to take the caps off to see if some of the lugs were loose so i used what i had in my hands, my keys, to pry one of them off. bent the key. well i have this tool box full of keys so i was just going to bend it back. yeah a little over an hour and a hundred dollars later i was able to drive home.
The pitbull that the couple who run this home has had a litter of puppies. out of the 8, 7 survived and 1 of those is the second smallest of the litter. she is extremely shy and the mother is extremely protective of her. i decided i was going to name all of the pups and get the owners of the care home to start calling each pup by the name i had given them. there is chewie, shiva, alfalfa, spanky, sugar plum, tommy, and finally, the focus of my social experiment, fluttershy.
i smoke cigarettes and still being under 18 i have to hide it from my parents. so what i usually do is just blow the smoke out of the window in my room that my ac is in. so i'm just sitting there giving myself cancer when i hear a frenzied knocking at my door.apparently my neighbor saw the smoke and thought it was my ac. my dad then went to look at my ac and saw the cigarette butts in the window. he hasn't said a word to me since.
The alarm deafened us, the phone started ringing, and a police car showed up in front of the restaurant. we had to explain to the police, alarm company, and my manager what happened. my manager was very pissed off at us, and now does not trust us to close. i expect the worst shifts for the next few weeks.
 "i fear for the one who was  "protecting " me will get shit for this and worst case loose his work "  "now all day i try to look happy since bad shit happens otherwise "  "i was tired of their crap and was done being bullied "  "I'm totally ok with thewitch i'm totallyok with "
i make a lot of analogies when i teach. it keeps students interested and paying attention. when teaching about an important technique in the course i tell them  "this is a big stick; make sure you know how to whack it " i instantly knew ifu.me and my big mouth. this is what i get for obsessively writing down hilarious no-context quotes from my teachers when i was younger.
i was driving to work and i hit a cat with my car. i stop to check to see if he is dead, he is not. so i get a box from my car and place him in the box. i phone around and find the only vet clinic open is twenty miles away. i decide i may as well take the cat there in hopes they can help the little fellow out.
i was on a lunch date earlier today with a woman i really like and she got frisky with me and decided to give me a blow-job. near the end i got stupid and decided that obviously she wanted me to come on her face so that's what i did all porn-style (i pulled out then  "aimed " at her face). well some of it got in her eyes and she freaked out. i tried apologizing but she just kept calling me a bastard and wouldn't let me help her clean it off.
i am scum. non even the first time. this this is going to blow up so hard, and i don't know how to get out. help! help! Help! i amscum.non even thefirst time. i am scums. i'm scum! i'm Scum!
i used to think of myself as a moral being. a man driven by inner conscious  to do what is right. i can't stand the thought of my sexual desires outweighing my propensity for human decency. i have mentioned this to my therapist. he's helping me work on it, but i can find no justification for the weakness of my flesh.  "you're only human, and a man at that. "
i was at a guy friend's house. i decided i had to poop. because the string of my tampon got a little  "dirty ", i dropped it in the toilet and flushed. i quickly discovered the water was not going down, and was indeed filling the bowl and going all over the floor. i came out and told him i need a plunger, that the toilet wasn't flushing. he ran to turn off the water to the toilet; i plunged and the water went down.
A fluffophile is a person who has sex with furries. i sent a text that revealed everything i jerk off to including: beastiality (dog on girl), furries, anime, bdsm torture, things of that nature. i lied to her and said i was kidding... but i wasn't... i barely pulled it out of fiery failure.
My daughter has had an ipad in her hands since she could hold it. She has been using it to do work while mommy is out of the house. The ipad fell off the passenger seat and onto the ground. I felt guilt, guilt at a level i have never experienced.
A homeless man had his hand down his pants and his arm was pumping up and down. He was pleasuring himself. The man was caught when he looked back at the librarian. Security said he was just a twitchy guy and i was mistaken. The homeless man was flogging his donkey too.
i got a really bad front wedgie when i stand up from my desk. as i'm pulling my pants down, i experience the worst amount of pain i have gone through in a while. it felt like someone just pierced my lady business. i let out a shriek and look down and notice a pool of blood forming, as well as a piece of what looks like rubber. the piece of rubber turned out to be part of my  "labs ", which i had ripped a chunk out of. i now am no longer able to walk, and am throwing this underwear out right away.
i stopped at the grocery store to buy some cookies for a co-worker's birthday. i put one canister down and tapped the tier next to it...causing a cookie domino. i quickly grabbed the oatmeal raisins and booked it. i still feel awful about what happened.
The writer was hiking with friends when his toes started to get cold. He asked his friends what socks he should wear to keep his feet warm. One of his friends said cotton socks, the other said wool socks. The writer says he should have asked his friend if he had two pairs of socks.
i'm in my second year at university, majoring in art. i had an assignment about six weeks ago that i managed to persuade a friend of mine to model for me. she agreed provided that i didn't draw her face. it was a complicated piece that was going to have several poses from her arranged in a particular way. on her suggestion, i took photographs of her in the required poses and loaded them on to her laptop so that i could draw from them and then delete them when i was done. she never noticed, the work was finished and she deleted the photos thinking that they were gone forever.
 "i'm scared as fuck guys. need advice. the store has a no return policy and i would get fucking screwed if i don't return it "  "i would get f***ing screwed if I don't returned it. i'm scared, " he says.  " need advice "
i woke up with diarrhea and stomacheaches. i'm laying in bed and decide to watch tv being that its october and almost halloween there's a lot of scary movies on. well one of the jump scares actually made me jump and that motion caused me to spew  "mud " all up my back down my legs a little on my balls. as i was in a hurry i didn't shut the door so my mom walked by to check on me and she got a good look right at my junk all she said before walking away awkwardly was  "it's cold "
i was at a halloween party where i have gone to the past couple years and randomly go there for parties throughout the year. i'm not normally a racist individual, but something that night made me racist lol. i woke up the next day and couldn't remember anything about it and my clothes were completely covered in blood.
Customer was trying to call cellphone numbers and would need skype credit for that. i told her that if she added a skype username that it would place the call. When she added me a look of shear disgust and hatred rolls over her face. i just lost my analbeads, fuckkkkkkkk.
My greeting to everyone i know and meet is a fist bump or if i'm being formal a handshake. Since i've know this girl i've offered a fistbump everyday since school started and she has rejected it and i'm just like okey and move on to the rest of the group. When she see's me offering the fist bump she instantly gets pissed the fuck off.
i didn't feel it mid wank but now, after all is said and done, my penis feels like someone rubbed molten rock over my glans. i've had several ice cold showers but it's still utterly excruciating. i'm considering getting a bucket of ice, next.
i'm pretty sure the essay i've just written is completely incomprehensible. in the past 12 hours i've consumed 7 red bulls and a 5 hour energy thing. i can't tell if the pains in my chest are stress related or if my heart is just getting ready to give out. i lay down to try and nap and i kept getting graphic sexual images in my head. i still have faith that he will help me because those were some seriously graphic images and my member remains unwanked.
i've been separated from my wife for a couple of years. we live separately and pursue separate lives and romantic lives. we have a child together. one of hers is that she can get drunk and make nuisance calls. i make it clear that i've lost my phone and she should email me to resolve childcare.
i haven't had ice cream in months. been trying to lose weight + save money. i got a decent commission this month so i decide to indulge. i had 2, 3, no cookies. it's chocolate chip.somebody kill me now. It's a chocolate chip ice cream tub.
The leak was coming from a plastic connector of some sort that looked like it connected to the engine block. The connector was loose so i decide to put super glue on it. When i tried to start my car it didn't even turn over. i'm probably going to call a mechanic shop tomorrow and get it fixed there.
i never really thought i had a fuckup bad enough to warrant putting up, but i thought about it for a while and this one qualifies i think. this happened when i was a freshman in high school so about 8 years ago now. i had these two cats, and they were good cats but sometimes they could be real pricks. they would piss on piles of laundry (especially if it was fresh, sitting on top of the washer folded, even) for no reason most of the time. they were sneaky bastards too, for obvious reasons, so we never caught them in the act. i ripped it off and threw it to the floor as my friends died of laughter.
i live on my boss's property. at some point between the time i rolled out of bed and when we left to go do our running for the day, my ring slipped off my finger and disappeared. i checked everywhere i had been, and there's no sign of it.
i work at a sandwich shop with one of my really good friends, so naturally we're faffing about the whole time. i tell him i have to go to the bathroom, which he replies  "i'm gonna kick the door open when you start pooping " so there i am, sitting on the toilet in defense mode when the door just starting opening. (the lock doesn't work very well at all)
Go to the gym more often. ate pizza for breakfast. read more. ended up on reddit.com/r/healthier-than-a-pizza-box-and-it-says-it's-all-about-the-foods-you-eat.
My girlfriend got a used desktop in exchange for baby-sitting for her bosses. The previous owner swapped the sata drive with a ata drive connected to a raid ide pci card. i tried re-installing windows 7 and just won't fucking do it. i switch off the power immediately and unplug the computer and tilt it strategically.
After turning off the light, the bulb pops out and falls to the floor. The bulb is still connected to the power supply. The power supply can't be turned off until the bulb is turned back on. The light is still on, but the bulb has gone out.
i was playing some counterstrike on a very competitive server. of course, since i am trash at all video games, i was losing, hard. so as any other normal person would do, i would criticize the other players, (by criticize i mean scream very rude and insulting things over the mic, be it threats, encouragement for suicide, or calling the person gay in some form) so as all this was going on i did not notice he was in the bed behind me. eventually, after what seemed like hours, the map ended and i stopped playing. i turned around and i saw him, this was probably the most awkward situation i have ever been in, even more so than the
i accidentally clicked the internet explorer logo, as opposed to google chrome's. i was too lazy to change the problem. i accidentally clicked internet explorer's logo, instead of google Chrome's.  i wastoo lazy to fix the problem, so i was forced to post this instead.
i love this girl with all my heart and soul, but my ex guilt tripped me into getting back with her. i realized what i was doing, and freaked out and broke up with her, and i told the girl i love what happened, and she hasnt responded since... im a terrible person.
My mom asked me if i could paint my sister's old room so that it would cover of the awful design and ungodly amounts of blood on the walls. an hour rolls by and i start to think something may be wrong when i realize i'm basically lying down painting sideways and giggling like a giddy schoolgirl. i'm more light headed than a heroin addict sucking up helium and can't manage to walk in a straight line to save my life. not only that, but i managed to get paint everywhere and i mean everywhere.
i have class at 8:30 on mondays, so i usually get up around 7:30 - time enough to shower, pack up my stuff, and grab a quick breakfast. Since i was already up i took my shower around 6:30, moseyed around reddit a little longer, and then went and chatted with people in the student center until the caf opened. when it opened, i found some friends to sit with and made myself a nice bowl of generic froot loops and a cup of this french vanilla coffee. when i got out of class around 9:40, i finished off the dregs and went to the bathroom to rinse out my mug and
i bite off a piece of a plastic straw and accidentally breathe in too hard. i instantly start coughing with no luck of removing it. i start to panic at the thought of vomiting at my desk. i make it no more than 5 steps and then begin to projectile vomit the burrito i had for lunch all over a nearby wall. needless to say i'm a bit embarrassed.
 "It's a mess. not only is it a mess, but now some of my keys are more difficult to press.  damn you nature valley, " he said.  "I don't know what I'm going to do with all of this. It's just a mess, " he added.
i must specify : i'm on holidays and my second session of exams (just finished the first one) is beginning in less than 10 days. needless to say, i don't want to bother about some of this stuff. i figured (since once people think you're good with computers you're some kind of divinity who can do anything comp related in a wink)
A Reddit user posts the  "scariest shit on the internet " in a thread. The thread goes viral and turns into a comic. The user then wakes up and tries to play it off as a nightmare. Neither the mom nor his friend saw the laptop. It's not clear if the post was successful.
 "My entire downstairs region now feels like it's on fire "  "My dick looked like gollum's head and my bathroom was covered in pubes "  "I had this unrelenting urge to take a shower and shave the area surrounding my penis. so i did it but midway through fucking panic attack and passed out "
i was in the mall today with some friends. we were buying food at the very crowded food court. i witnessed a young girl, maybe 2 years old, get momentarily separated from her mom. she turned around so i put my hand on her head to gently lead her in the direction of her mother. she immediately starts wailing. i book it out of there.
i was trying to sell a video recording gig to a lady at a festival that my school set up. basically i'll set my camera up and record a wedding, band practice, sports game, whatever. she didn't seem interested so i said  "if you have kids, i can record their football or soccer games. or if you have grand kids. " oops. the look on her face... i should have shut up, but i panicked and continued. i kept going quieter and quieter until she put a dollar in the donation jar and walked away.
i have been wanting to get into linux and learn more about, so i tried the demo. today i decided to install it on my laptop, and when i was installing it i chose the wrong method, and it deleted everything. i was hoping to dual boot, but now i am having to trail by fire and learn my new system.
My girlfriend is a vegan, and i am very much so a carnivore. she made me a whole 5 course vegan meal with vegetables, and lots of quinoa. i ate it all, as it is quite delicious, but apparently my gi tract wasn't quite happy without any meat. we were at her moms house, so i excused myself and went to the bathroom. i kid you not, my shit was like paste. then out comes this giant turd the size of a large kiwi fruit.
i and my family was eating lunch together and i was drinking pepsi and my grandmother, let's call her nonnie was with us at the time(note: slightly senile, ok, senile). then, nonnie started pouring pep soda into her soup. we shit bricks laughing and i had a lot of pep Pepsi in my mouth and it all dribbled out back into the cup and on the table. tifu.
i've been cool for like a week but i'm seriously fucked up as a result of it. my right hand is weak and un coordinated. i can't even open my phone (yea i have a flip phone, fuck you) it feels numb like the nerves or my circulation has been changed. after extensive research i believe i have epididymis. which is a bacterial infecction which has a few causes. one being the rapid shrinking and expansion of the testicles. another being bacteria meant to be passed through the colon being released though the urinary track. and finally the other main cause is chlamydia or gonorrhea.
My father in law volunteered to install the software for me while i was at work and i (foolishly) agreed. when i finished i closed the laptop and got ready to go to work. fast forward 2 hours. he opens my laptop to install software and boom- some girl getting railed at full volume. oopsie.
If i fail to return it to amazon, have to pay $184 now to 'buy' it. It has already been shipped to abebooks and even from the shipping location to their hidden warehouse. i doubt there is any way to get it back now.
I am upgrading local high school server. removed hard drive to backup on my pc. mistyped command and made entire hard disk inaccessible. have to have it working by jan. 6.6. I will post a new version of this article as soon as it is available.
i believe this happened only because my father would get on me about keeping my cash folded in my front pocket instead of my wallet.  "you're going to lose it " he would always say. now it's a lesson learned and i've learned to keep it in the front pocket.
 posted a story here early in the am about what happened to me over the last few years under what is my default username for everything, and found out when i woke up that my best friend and a bunch of my other friends knew about it because it had hit the front page. thank god the people mentioned in it didn't find out, but it could have been terribly devastating. i still don't know how bad it's going to be, being so fresh and all, but this could potentially ruin my life in a very big way.
i finished my smoke sitting in poop juice. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. sitting outside smoking when the urge to fart hit me it was a normal fart until the end. i finished my cigarette sitting in poo juice. i couldn't believe i had never had one before.
i couldn't sleep at all last night but when i woke up i just knew right then and there, i am going to hate this day. i don't know how to take care of them, i panicked! my uncle's father (also a birdkeeper, like father like son) came to take a visit and was shocked! so he sent my nephew to scold me saying  "how dare you disrespect my father "
i get anxious in glasses stores for some reason, so i rushed through picking them out. when i came to collect them as soon as i put them on i thought,  "i've made a huge mistake ".  they crush my skull and give me a headache.now i have to either shell out another $200 or wait another two years until my insurance will buy me another pair.
i was on the phone this morning with a field agent coworker and we were talking about an account that was having issues with getting paid. all of a sudden she brings up paula deen mentioning that she is having a crappy week. i agreed saying it sucked she was losing all of her deals for admitting to using  "that word " and those are the exact words i used. fast forward to this afternoon and a coworker pulled me aside to warn me that other coworkers (who happened to be black) had overheard me having this conversation and she thought they may have been offended by it. my supervisor pulled me into his office to tell me that a complaint hadn't been made but that
i live and work abroad, but i go back to my home country every now and then to see the family, etc.. for this purpose i have a sim card that i use there which is **not prepaid**, it's just 0 u20ac/month  u201cplan u201d with nothing included and everything you use, you pay extra. Now every time i'm going home i can activate some sort of internet bundle that will give me 750mb mobile data for like 8 u20ac/ month and i will then cancel the bundle once i'm back abroad. after two weeks i leave the country and forget about my home sim completely. two months later i get an email notification.  u201chello dear not
i was biking and a bee flew in my face i started spitting everywhere and there was this couple with a stroller and in my frenzy i crashed into the stroller. i was yelled at for a good 30 minutes about how i could have killed the baby and when i say i was sorry multiple time they called the cops and it was just a mess. i you want more details feel free to ask.
Since borderlands 2 was 10 dollars today on xbla, i asked my friend for 800 ms points. all is good. i now owe him 10 dollars. but of course dumb ass me decides he would use his mom's card information! so now i effectively owe two people10 dollars. it's a little small for tifu, but it was a fuck up.
 typically only posts ive read display leaving the rest of the page blank. Typically only posts what I've already read. typically posts what i've read on the same page at the same time. typically only post what ive read on one page at a time, leaving the other pages blank.
 "i am literally hating myself. girl in my apt who saw me fall down my stairwell naked "  "i am one of the few assholes who actually gets the newspaper delivered to my apartment (so i can clean my windows and start bon fires easier "). what's more, i sleep naked. judge me all you want but it's just what i do "
i did not get talked to, i did get laughed at, and i did not lose my job. so, i just thought i would let everyone know, that i don't think anyone cares. if someone is in a similar situation, i wanted to give them some hope.thank you for the support, upvotes, and sympathy stories.
i'm moving to florida in about a month, and my mom has been bugging me about cleaning out my bedroom. i'm kind of a hoarder and it is filled with old papers and random items from the past four years. in one drawer i kept all my old birthday cards. i quickly thumbed through them and put them in the garbage. this morning the garbage guy came and took our stuff. there was about $400 worth of checks from family members in there.
i picked up a pile of dirty clothes on my bedroom floor to put them in the wash basket, proceeded to walk into the bathroom and put the clothes in the toilet... took me a few seconds to realise what i had done. fishing out the ones at the bottom of the pile was not fun.
i planned to play guitar and sing at my upcoming nuptials. i just bought the guitar and hid it in our room. she just subtly gave me hints that she knew what my wedding surprise was. turns out she was just spewing random shit and didnt know there was a guitar at home.
My birthday is in the middle of july, so last year the majority of my friends were out of town and i was home alone. i had a cake and i poured myself a huge glass of chocolate milk. i then turned on my xbox to watch some tv. about half way through a walking dead episode i decide it is a good idea to take a sip of chocolate. milk while putting the cake down on the table. i was so invalided with the show i shoved the cake in my face and pour the chocolate milk on the floor, thus breaking my x box.
i'm here with a hangover lying in bed and it is my dad's birthday tomorrow.. i've checked and i have extremely little money to my name and the wave of shame and guilt about being drunk last night is hitting me! so i'm here. with a hanging over and no money.
 "I. realised it after a few minutes walk... realised it was a mistake, " he said.  "It's a shame I didn't see it sooner, " he added.  "I would have taken a photo of it if I'd known " He added:  "I'm so glad I saw it when I did. It was the first thing I saw. "
i was chopping up onions, and my knife slipped. i tried to grab it and i accidentally stabbed myself in the ring finger of my right hand. it looked like a minor cut, less than half an inch wide, but it was deep. it was then i realized i could no longer move my top knuckle. i will be having surgery tomorrow morning to reconnect it.
i just finished doing my business when i noticed that i was out of toilet paper. i looked around and the only substitute were lysol wipes.  "great, " i thought,  "at least it'll smell like ocean breeze " so i wiped. at first, there was nothing. but the second i finished, i felt a slight tingle. then a burning. a painful, painful burning. i could not stop it. i tried water and it didn't put it out, so i sat down and waited in pain until it stopped.
This is the story of a family vacation to the beach. My aunt brought along my 5 year old cousin, who is very destructive and is in my eyes the spawn of satan. He also has this weird obsession with punching people in the stomach and genitals. As i fell from being punched, i lost my footing on the stairs and accidentally slapped him full force across the face. He fell down the stairs, causing him scrapes, a black eye, and a burning hatred towards me.
My wife gave me an ultimatum; either i left or she would. and so i left. it was really hard , because i didn't know life apart from her. at all. i was/am very lonely. (we've been together approx 15 years).
i have a 1967 gibson skylark, it's a small 5w tube amp. last summer i restored it to working order by doing a full filter cap replacement and adding a 3-pronged ac cord. i brought it to the studio recently to record it and during the trip the positive leg of the ac cord came detached inside the amp.
i've messaged the mods twice about this. it's been over three months since the fuck up of the week was updated.  as great it much be for the reigning champ, is it just not a part of this subreddit that is cared about?  i've contacted the mods again.
i'm in highschool and p.e. was just finishing, so we go into the lockers to change. i pull down my shorts and start pulling my pants out of my locker to put them on. unfortunately, my penis had somehow slid through the little slot in the crotch. fortunately, i was close to the wall and facing it so no one but the teacher saw it. when i looked up i knew he could have seen it but he didn't show any reaction.
i was redditing on my phone at work and saw an nsfw post that i clicked on. then i get a message from coworker a so i put my phone down on my desk face up. coworker b walks over to my desk to talk to me. i had to leave to help the coworker  with the original issue. i look down at my phone and notice that there's a gif of a girl getting splooged on repeating over and over again in plain view. talk about awkward. so i decided to post this on /r/tifu.
i saw my coworker's status was online so i just assumed he was in his office and i could talk to him anytime. later in the day my manager asked me for a status update, and i told him i was working with my coworkers to get it done. well i actually hadn't even started on it and went to my coworkers office to start talking about it. i looked inside... and he wasn't there! even though his chatstatus was online, he was actually working from home. so now my boss realizes i was lying to him when i said i was talking with my coworking.
when i went to say  "there are too many fucking chiefs, " instead i yelled at my (indian) boss  "there is too many u00a0fucking u00a0indians " in the middle of a crowded office. we were having a pretty animated moan about upper management and inconsistent changes.
i tried this new cereal we got and i fell in love. i finished a whole box and went back some more. i ate that new box and fell asleep. i woke up running to the bathroom. apparently the cereal had some effect on my bowels and now i've been shitting all fucking day. my farts smell nasty and every hour its a run to the toilet.
i cut my thumb while carving. i had to go to sick bay and get it bandaged. it's still bleeding its 6:40pm i have home economics, i wont be able to and to make things worse were making nachos. i know some of you thought i was being an ass so i edited the offending part out.
So  "last night " i tried to hit on an old friend who i've had feelings for in the past but never gone after. After we got off the phone i decided to mix together some liquor and get a lil tipsy seeing as much wouldn't go on the next day. As the buzz came in i got the wonderful ideas of:  u00a0 "hey, your drunk right now, you can say things without hesitation cause your tipsy "
i was heading back to my apartment after leaving my university campus. on my way back, my board lost it's grip and i got thrown off. luckily, i caught myself and didn't fall or get hurt. i thought to myself that maybe i shouldn't skate in the rain as it could be pretty dangerous but i decided getting home relatively dry was more important.
i was 'browsing' an imgur album that i found on /r/nsfw, when i dropped my phone. it landed on my chest, and long pressed down on an image, pressing the share button. in my haste to get out of there, i pressed 'facebook' luckily, i canceled before i pressed the confirm button.
A freshman in high school took a biology test. The test is based on information that he hasn't learned yet. The proctor told him to sign his name at the bottom of the answer sheet. He didn't see a line, so he bubbled in his answers on the back of the packet.
 as an asian, finding good fitting clothing in america is almost impossible. when my dad was visiting i had him bring me a really nice tailored shirt, because, well, i don't have any. because it's tailored, it doesn't have material labels and such, after wearing it once and washing it, it needed to be ironed. i now have burn marks all over and i have two wedding receptions to go to this evening.
In my infinite wisdom, during my first drug test, i pissed in the toilet, and then decided to sort of  "scoop " the piss-water mixture out. not like i didnt know to pee in the cup, my brain just told me to do something else. needless to say, i feel absolutely fucking retarded.
My boyfriend's house has been having plumbing problems. I empty my menstrual cup into the toilet, like you're supposed to do. i flush. the toilet fills up with water. the blood is still in there, looking gross. i tell my bf, but he says to just shut the lid and it would go down.
My attempt to be sexy for a lady friend backfired, and now it looks like i have herpes. needless to say there won't be any sexy times in the near future. the worst part of it is that i work in a non climate controlled factory. the razor burn and heat rash is so unbearable right now.
i wanted to know if i had what it takes to initiate a kiss (i've been a shy one all my life) and i wanted to see what would come of it. she said she'd let me know when she arrived back at her place but i haven't heard from her. damn it all, i feel like i possibly hurt our friendship.
The teacher who lost his pants in a football game. The teacher had to go back to the school to get new pants. The school has a strict one door policy, so the teacher couldn't get out of his pants. He also had to walk through a crowd of students.
i woke up this morning with a headache, only to see my credit card out on my desk by my computer with a website still open. apparently i was lonely last night and had clicked on an advert for christianmingle.com, and i 'sparked' a girl that was cute. well, in order to message her, i needed a 13.99 monthly subscription. so i thought, not bad, let's go for it. i submit my payment, and apparently i signed up for the 6 month subscription, and $87.00 was charged to my account. it's pretty comical but i still feel really foolish.
i have been dating my girlfriend, ex as of today, for over the past year. i do not have a facebook and she does, i went onto my computer and her email was logged in with a bunch of posts between her and another guy. well she has been seeing another guy for the past 3 months. now here i am, heartbroken and kicking myself, clueless as to how i am going to move on.
i moved into the place in august and things were going...decent. but then shit went down hill fast. lauren and jennifer buddied up and began acting like spoiled pissed off thirteen year old girls towards me. turns out they won't approve a single subleaser that looks at the place and act like cunts to those who go to see it. they have another girl living in the apartment and the complex won't do anything to let me out of the lease because the girl that's living there illegally works for them. so now my account has gone to collections and i may have to file bankruptcy over these bitches.
The dried sriracha plug failed after i had applied about enough pressure to the bottle so as to send a mist in the very deepest depths of my naso-pharnyx, where it acted as though it were made of lava for the next three hours. never again......
i'm lactose intolerant. i had accidentally drank my parent's milk carton (i have my soy, they have their regular milk).  immediately, i just get horrible gas, and feel super bloated. that's when i realized that i shit myself.remember everyone, always carry around a pair of extra underwear and basketball shorts, just in case.
 "i'm not very outspoken, so it took me until final exam day to work up the courage to ask her out "  "i'm pretty convinced at this point that my chances with her are small, yet i can't find that i get depressed over it anymore "  " i'm a desperate idiot who made himself look like a stalker "
i had fully protected sex with a prostitute (only 2-3 minutes in regular pose) no oral, no anal. no kissing, licking, touching. literraly nothing except max three terrible minutes in usual missionary pose. we had condom all the time. what is the risk for me of picking up std?
My son threw up in the middle of the night last night. i was exhausted and not thinking and i rolled up all the blankets and tossed them in the washer. i woke up this morning to wash them one more time but all i can see all over the  "clean " blankets is chunks. partially chewed, thrown up and then washed.
 "i accidentally let slip that spoiler! miguel cuts out the eyes of a guard "  "i apologize for spoiling it for her. not knowing she had completely forgotten about the other night, i had managed to accidentally spoil it a second time "  "it was forgotten and the night went on. soon after, it was forgotten "
Spartan117au is a senior at his high school. He was sent to the office after a number of malicious virus entered the system through a computer that was logged on with his account. The school shut down the internet for two days in order to prevent viruses from spreading on the network and eventually into education queensland's  "mainframe "
Every day since the incident i have had urges to shit but when i sat down only one loud airy fart would come out. this got scarier as time passed. yesterday, i had that feeling where i needed to shit bad and i rushed to the bathroom.  i could finally feel something long and hard exiting my ass, i was so happy. although this was a nice poop, it does not come close to my 2 favorite shits of all time:  "the flak cannon " and  "the spaghetti and meatballs ".
i drew a dick in my dad's ikea catalog. he later told me that he gave it to the neighbor lady because he doesn't shop at ikeA. i put the book back like normal assuming my dad would find it later and laugh at it.
i got home from work and as per usual i hopped on reddit. today i had been slightly more gassy than usual but i thought nothing of it. i continued to scroll through the interwebs where i completely forgot that i needed to shit.flash forward a few hours and i have eaten dinner and after walking half way back from the mess hall i suspected i had a sweaty ass crack. i pulled my undies up higher to attempt to alleviate my discomfort at which moment i discover it wasn't sweat but just shit that i had sitting in my ass from earlier but i was too stupid to realise. i headed straight back to my room, got undressed and showered so all in all
i pride myself on being a good driver. passed my drivers test first go & everyone says i'm good. well, today i f'd up. after a 10 hour long day at work, and no sleep the night before thanks to road works all night sleep deprived. i done something stupid.
The author's toe grew a haematoma. The nail turned an inky shade of blue black that rivalled the night sky. The pain in the nail was so bad that the doctor had to drill a hole in it to release the pressure. The author then had to ice her toe to stop the bleeding.
The pain occurs when i look to the top left or bottom right. It's only in my left eye, and the pain is so intense that all day today i wanted to puke. i need to visit a clinic (or better yet an optometrist) before they're closed for the easter weekend.
i was all prettied up and dressed in my new school uniform, like in the animes. i was gonna make my last year of high school one to remember! i u2019m thinking a 7.7 on the richter scale. basically, i did a kamehameha from my butt. my chair was blown to pieces as the force lifted me off the ground. i struggled to hold my skirt down, like a gross marilyn monroe.
i have quite a lot of porn on my hard drive. i mistakenly clicked on a file with porn titles in it. i clicked away as quickly as humanly possible, hoping that i hadn't managed to read the titles. a couple hours later, i see something pop up in my lower right corner, telling me that the download of [*pornstar name* .... (i'm trying to not be too specific here)
i'm on long island, ny, so the fastest way to ct is by ferry, i went on the ferry website to book a spot and it was all booked for monday night except for 10pm, which would have gotten me to the hotel around midnight. i decided instead to drive around and go through new york city then head north. i was about half way and i thought to myself that i should probably call the hotel and let them know that i am coming in late and not to give my room away. i called the hotel  and they check my reservation and tell me that it has been cancelled. i tell them that i have been driving for over 2 hours and
i haven't had a girl to hang out with in a long time (as friends, i'm a girl too), so i was really excited to make a good impression and hopefully start forming a friendship. when she called to let me know she had arrived, i paused louis and went downstairs to let her in. sadly, i didn't stop to look at the freeze frame--it was hilariously, horrifically perfect: louis mid-pseudo-jerk.
 "i haven't had a decent night's sleep since the sex slave thing with jennifer lawrence "  "i didn't yell this of course, but i guess a few people heard it, and the guy facing me looked at me with a huge smile on this face "  " i would like to have jennifers lawrence as a sex slave, but that's beside the point "
The default search function only searches  "posts " and not the entire site. The site designer created a custom theme and did kind of a hack job forcing the woocommerce code into it. The original site designer had a backup folder of an outdated version of the plugin on her computer.
i like to smoke omw to work, i take the bus. so i got a awesome dugout which helps with my public smoking. so while i'm walking down the street  maybe around 7:40ish am. bust out my dugout and take a nice long drag, hold it for a few, and blew it out in a glorious cloud. right into a passing runners face, he was running up the street behind me and due to my headphones in i never heard him coming. through my coughing i yelled  "i'm so sorry " but he never looked back.....
My sister recently took a trip to cape cod, but could only find a flight out of a nearby city which was about 2 hours away. She needed a ride because she doesn't have a car so i figured no problem, i'll drive her to the airport. The parking fees at the airport were determined by how long you had been parked, so i decided to chill out in a holiday inn parking lot. After 10 minutes i think  "why don't i just hang out in the hotel lobby? they'll never know i don't has a room, and if they ask i'll tell them i'm waiting for a friend "
i've been driving for almost four years and haven't gotten in an accident or gotten a ticket before. i start backing up out of the parking spot to take off and all of a sudden smash something behind me. i never even thought to look in the rear view and ended up backing straight into one of those huge cement cylinders that hold light posts in place in parking lots. my bumper is now fucked and i've been pissed since last night bc of it.
i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. maybe they won't read it closely? i forgot to check the company name. i forgot the name of the company.  maybe they will read it more closely? maybe they'll read it closer?
i hope he doesn't complain. i work retail. i hope he Doesn't Complain. i don't want him to be mad at me. i just want to help him out. I'm not a salesperson. I just help people. I don't like to be yelled at.
We were celebrating bosses birthday and a couple of us were going out to buy some snacks for the party. i went in and bought a huge bag of skittles, some beer and a big, plastic cheezeball barrel. i realized that i didn't get anything for people who don't drink alcohol. the closest thing to the front was arizona iced tea. i got about 20 cans of it and put it on the company card. 5 minutes into it, our secretary jazmine shouts,  "is this some kind of fucking joke!? "
My boyfriend dislocated his knee over the weekend while he was out visiting me. Since his knee is mostly okay, we've been coming up with creative positions for sex so that he doesn't have to move his leg. One of these positions entails me laying across his chest in a sort of upside down 69. he decided to use the vibrator today. he's getting me close to climax and, since he knows i squirt sometimes, he was getting prepared for a possible onslaught of epic cum-portions. instead of cum, i squirted piss out onto his chest as i orgasm.
 "i puked all my pizza out with a half-digested pizza coming up my throat in big lumps "  "i wake up in the morning with the feeling of my guts being roasted with the power of a thousand suns! "  "i clean up the floor, and just go to bed "
i decided to stop being lazy yesterday morning and give my dog a real long nice walk, so i get dressed in moderately nice clothing and set out. Unfortunately, i walked into a thick of flies, and spasm'd out a bit with head, and while the bugs were sent flying, i happened to trip over the cobblestone walk on my left. Almost comically fell into a huge patch of dirt and mulch, slashing my legs on the cobble walk. i feel like such a damn idiot and had to walk home in disgrace.
i have an acer aspire laptop that was bought on my scholarship, and is only four months old. being touchscreen, i was getting four hours out of the battery with windows 8, and decided linux would hopefully make the battery last an hour more. install ubuntu without a hitch, go to boot into it, and there are no os'es on my lappy. brand new laptop that i've voided the warranty on, and it doesn't bloody work.
i was revising for my exam this afternoon, smelt something...something i knew. literally. how i didn't notice beats me. but the real problem? they were my last pair of underwear, and my exam is in an hour so i have no time to do my washing. so i'm now sitting on reddit, and not sure whether to worry about my exam, or what i'm going to wear there...
i work in a chemical plant and in the area i am at today there is a single restroom with a locked door. so i clench my ass and haul myself over to the crapper. well my shit started to slowly squeeze itself out with every step i am taking but i finally make it. i undress to take my shit and what's left of my underwear that's clean i cut up with my knife to get washed up and clean. well i hear the door open to the little building i am in taking a shit and figure whoever walked in will see the restroom door is closed and won't come in. nope! a minute later this old operator in his late 50s walks
i'm very much for rights for women, but vandalism and blackmail just isn't how you should do it. i was wearing a shirt i had ironically bought for parties a few days earlier that brandished a large and colorful  "party with sluts " on the front. after standing still for what seemed like an eternity i quickly nope-ed the fuck out of there.
i threw away a cigarette butt without making sure it was fully out. about half an hour later my room mate walks past the window and notices something odd. where once our lovely garbage can was, stood a mighty fire. i grab a mop bucket and fill it from the out door spigot and splash a little on top of the fire. as soon as i do so the flames burst from about 3 foot high to over 8 feet tall.
i'm a college freshman and he's a senior in high school. i merely skimmed through his status and thought to myself that he was giving a send off to his class such as 'its been fun' or 'good luck to you guys in the future' i commented, trying to bust his balls by saying 'let's see how you feel in college... '  some other person comments 'who's this douchebag? " i think to myself  "lighten up, buddy ". but then i decided to reread the status. he was talking midway of how he had a close friend who passed away. the person who called me out was her boyfriend.
i wasn't paying attention and the ball hit me in the balls. this happened not five minutes ago. i was getting some socks out of the drawer, and realised that one of them was slightly balled up. so, as you do, i started flicking it through the air to unball it.
went and took a piss, and zipped the tip of my fucking dick in my pants. it hurts like a bitch, don't do this. i can't wear pants/underwear, or it hurts way too much. it's bleeding and bruised. i was drinking, celebrating the wings game, and the wings win tonight.
i'm in an area of china that has a huge problem with (malarial) mosquitoes. i was lucky enough to find a really good mosquito net thing that goes on a bed. when i woke up i found four mosquitoes inside the net (with me) and my body is now covered with bites. i have well over 30 bites on my feet alone.
 "i'm glad my misfortune could make you guys laugh, hopefully if you are ever on my situation you do the complete opposite of what i did "  "i have always had a taste for odd foods. i'll look at a menu and see something such as monkey toes or bumble bee's urethra and my response 9 out of 10 times is  "hell yeah i want that weird ass shit ". today was no different "
i'm still new to muay thai and only just getting back into working out after two years of lazing around. Around 3am on monday night, i woke up to a feeling that made me thing a chestburster was on it's way into this world. i swear i flushed that toilet more times in one night than it normally gets in a week.
i randomly find one of my airaoft bb's on my bed and while i'm laying there on my phone just start to mess around with it in my hand. then i put it by my ear and set it in the little gap part. then as i go to take it put my finger in and it falls down into my ear canal. i then proceed to try and take it out but it's already lodged in. so now i'm on my way to the emergency room after trying everything i could to try to get it out.
Growing up, i was given too much praise, and too much blame. it's partly why i'm so needy now and hate rejection so much. two weeks ago, at 27, i showed up at the door of my ex, intending to talk and clear things up. little did i realize how i was doing precisely the opposite of what i wanted. i hope she forgives me one day.
i'm not very familiar with motors...actually i know nothing about cars or motorcycles internals. i recently framed my basement and got a huge head about how i could do things by using youtube and googlefu and just following instructions. my roommate offered to help me take my motorcycle apart and rebuild the carbs so i could go riding again. he has been insanely busy so for the most part i've done everything myself. i got an itch while no one was home yesterday to finally sit down and get them taken apart.
This is only a minor fuck up, but i thought i might as well share it so nobody makes this same mistake. i have a small ant problem in my house. those bastards blend in with dr. pepper. so my advice to you is either always check your drink before taking a drink, or never drink anything at all. ever.
i had what was probably food poisoning last week and have been sickly since. i have eaten very little the last few days and i'm constantly trying to balance out hunger and nausea. this morning i woke up very hungry and only a little bit nauseous so i decided to make myself some breakfast. i turned on the heat, set a pan and while it was waiting to heat i grabbed a used stick of butter. as i began to unwrap it i got an odd sense of almost dejavu  u2013 this stick of Butter looks like something i've seen before. that's when it hit me. semen.
This actually happened to me last night but i thought it was worth posting here now. so last night i went to a friends house after being invited for a party. i took my jacket off and left my wallet filled with $120 inside of it. i then put my jacket in the corner of the room by a couch. i noticed some of my friends were putting their stuff their. hours go by and i think nothing of it until i look over and see my drivers license in the ground.
Sorry guys, this post is going to be a bit long. I just wanted to let you know that I'm still alive and well. I'll be back in a day or two. Thanks for all the support. I love you all. I'm so sorry for the loss.
There is a reason i don't drink much. i become a raging asshole when i do. last night i had a few and it was fun. me and my friends were out at a park and continued to drink even more. by the end of the night i became an annoying asshole. one of my buddies said someone will punch me in the face one of these days. he said he might do it himself. i saw red and punched him.
So my wife and i were in bed. she got up to go brush her teeth and i kicked my feet across the bed. that set her off on a fit of laughter and imitating me in a gruff voice saying  "i wanna be on your front " i didn't get to be on her front.
My brother-in-law drank too much and gave himself alcohol poisoning. He needed to puke and while doing that he also released some from the other end. i have to think quickly on how to take care of this without causing a scene at the party. i remember i have some old clothes in my trunk that are too small for me so they would not fit him. i use them as a liner for the back seat and put the plastic bag on top of the clothes to create another barrier. i book it to his place made it in 15 mins when its suppose to take 30.
The toilet overflowed after a hot water heater sprung a leak. The overflow also leaked into the basement. The toilet was filled with toilet paper and lumps of shit. The bathroom tiles were covered in shit water and specks of toilet paper. There is no way i'm getting any sleep tonight.
i work in a convenience store, in the deli. i was really busy, and trying to multi task and work on multiple sandwiches at once. i have attention deficit disorder. a few months back i thought i would take a break from my medication, to see if i still really needed it. so i went back on my medication. i woke up late today  and didn't take it, because otherwise i would be up all night. today really highlighted that yes, i do really need my medication,.  because i'm having trouble focusing.
Some time after dinner, i touched my dick, and the little amount of capsaicin from the jalape u00f1o transferred over and began irritating the foreskin. this was very uncomfortable. i tried using saliva and milk to remedy it to no avail (i've heard that milk has some enzyme or something, but never really looked into it) and accordingly spent several more minutes applying vaseline. since this was mostly unsuccessful, and since i still had quite a bit of pain, after much delaying i stuck my dick in a cup of canola oil. it worked.
i was babysitting for a family who i frequently babysit for, they had left out the usual assortment of food and i spotted some microwaveable popcorn. i eagerly started cooking the popcorn, put it on for 3 minutes and i went and waited. about a minute in and i could smell it, it smelt delicious. about 2 minutes in i caught a whiff and i thought to myself, somethings wrong here. three minutes in the kitchen was filling with rancid smoke. i open the microwave and through the little slit at the top it looked surprisingly okay. oh how wrong i was.
i was introduced to this devilishly addicting game a few days ago. i knocked over a glass of water onto my roommate's new macbook pro. despite our valiant efforts, doing all the things one should do when mixing water and electronics, the computer is now in the shop for what i assume is a new logic board.
i had a whole package of those extra-long necklace glowsticks on the floor in my bedroom. i stepped on the package by accident and cracked all of them. i figured,  "well, why waste them? " so i finished cracking them, shook them all up, and looped them together. then i turned off the light to find my entire room was speckled green.
i came home from work and went upstairs to take a shower, in the middle of my shower i had to shit. being extremely lazy i said i'll just shit in the shower. well when i went to try and stuff it down the drain, it ended up plugging it. now there is about 2 inches of shitwater that will not go down at all since about 1 hour. i tried sticking a coat hanger down but that doesn't work either. i really need some advice as my family will be home in another couple hours.
i've been writing a powershell script to find and delete redundant $recycle.bin files in our thousands of user personal folders. The script is going well. it takes a matter of minutes and gives beautiful log and error output info. then i notice that i'm not using the same standardised variable name for the folder i'm trying to clear out.
 "i just pissed myself in my sleep on the couch but i have a really good reason as to why i did it "  "No i'm not drunk or anything i was just under a lot of pressure in my dream "  "i fell asleep listening to law and order Svu so i'm sure most of this dream is directly related to that "
my phone was dead, so instead of calling my mom on the way to the pharmacy, i stopped at my mom's work to tell her how my doctors appointment went. we hear a loud pop and see smoke pouring out of my engine. my radiator fan had stopped working, so when i drove, my engine showed no signs of overheating. all because i forgot my charger.
 "I feel a massive pain in my nut sack, look down and i have pierced a pin hole in the bottom on my nuts "  "i have had to put a safety pin through the top. the button busted a while ago so the pin is good enough. so then when i go to take a piss and i undo the safety pin and i start my stream then i feel amassive pain in the nut sack "
A former co-worker of mine brought in a can of beans for his lunch, not expecting to be put in one of the watchtowers. He used the spotlight as a makeshift hot plate, but forgot to cut a vent in the can. The beanie-bomb blew right in his face, leaving it riddled with bean shaped burns.
i was at college and was just sitting in the library on my ipad waiting for my next class, when my ex came sat with me. she is still a really close friend of mine, and we pretty much talk or text everyday. about 10 mins into her studying, i kept interrupting her with pics from /r/funny and she chuckled, and then i said it... instead of showing her the pic, i read it aloud. she started saying  "you're a real inconsiderate asshole, you know that "  "over 2000 people died and that's funny to you? "  "i'm glad we broke up, if i had to put up with this shit all day and
i live in a dorm on campus at my university with one roommate. i was skyping with one of my best friends from high school last night and talking about how much i really didn't like my roommate. roommate usually leaves for like an hour to talk on the phone every night so i figured i had plenty of time to chat uninterrupted. well of course not. roommate walks back in, friend on skype has no idea, and makes some kind of bad comment about roommate.
i teach tennis, and i take ice in the mornings to put in the cooler so kids have cold water to drink throughout the day. unbeknownst to me, the ice rolled off of something and knocked the door to the freezer slightly ajar. fast forward 24 hours: to this morning. i go out to the garage to get some ice, bigass puddle of water on the ground, easily 5ft in diameter, shit.
i put just a wee bit too much bud in the bowl because she gave me the signal to pull it before it was done burning. so i pull it and i put my mouth above the bowl and suck the smoke up. ive done this hundreds of times before but this time i had to sneeze so i ended up opening my mouth more than it should have been and inhaling harder than i should have. i ended up sucking up the still burning cherry of the bowl. it went straight down my throat burning the shit out of everything it touched. i kept coughing for about half an hour after this point, coughing up blood and pink shit the entire time. after about half hour
i got a droid razr m with verizon a couple months ago with a new phone number. a few days ago, i was contacted by the woman that used to have my new number. she left me a voicemail stating that she turned on her ipad for the first time in 5 months. she replied to my contacts, asking  "who is this? ", which confused all of my friends and family. i then contacted apple, where i immediately got transferred up to a tier 2 executive (this is big time, folks)
The dog food was actually about 3 inches from out tent, not a few feet. Once the fighting stopped we were serenaded with the loud crunching of the raccoon as he casually sat against our tent eating the dog food. It was the longest 15 minutes of my life.
i was at my mom's house and  was taking a shower. i was all clean and i went to wash my face. i closed my eyes and got the soaped up. i put my face into the water to rinse and topped breathing. i guess at some point i forgot to breathe and the waterboarding type thing took effect. my body went numb and i started to fall over.
i was fully naked jerking it to some good old internet porn. i was edging, getting near the point of cumming, for quite a while now. i hear the door to the apartment open, a roommate is home early. well, shit, my underwear are on the other side of the room after a passionate throw for the the excitement of making some baby batter. i get up to put them on, but just at that moment, i went over the edge. scrambling for my underwear, i start cumming everywhere; my legs, the carpet, my hands, and for a good 5 seconds after putting on my underwear. i quickly throw on my shorts to cover my now cum
 was supposed to get up, go for a run, meet for coffee, and go to a baseball game. i ended up getting baked, watching judges give death sentences on youtube, essentially creating synthetic sorrow and depression until eventually i had to poop. you make a large self-realization when a tear runs down your cheek while you are holding your phone with one hand and wiping your ass with the other.
i read the story about the guy stomping the cup that he placed on a nail to keep it still and it reminded me of the time when i was a small child that knew everything at a young age. i had seen in some cartoon where a character stepped on a rake and it hit him in the face. since i was clearly a genius, i knew that the rake stomping bit was clearly bs and i went outside to prove it. i found a rake, placed it in the yard and then i stomped the ever loving shit out of it. you can imagine my surprise when an instant later i had a very sharp vertical pain emanating from my face as well as two busted lips
i was eating kettle corn with my right hand and the twist tie was in my left hand. in the middle of a bite/handful i decided it was a good idea to scratch my nose. the end of the twist ties went directly into my eye. i had it looked at by my mom looks like it is fine. it just hurt.
i'm stuck with 170 more turnips and i can't even sell them for anywhere near what i paid. this happened while i was playing animal crossing new leaf. i'd bought 270 turnips from the sunday turnip lady at 95 bells a piece. i then went to try and drop 100 of them onto the floor of my home but instead i fed them to my character.
i watched the first one and personally i thought it was nothing, maybe one or two cringe-worthy scenes but i've seen worse, so i decided to watch the second one. it was the single most fucked up movie i've ever seen. though at times i felt bad for the man that did the  "surgery " (if you could call it that), as he was mentally disabled and no one loved him, not even his own mother.
i spent at least 10 minutes facedown on the desk trying to  "unbrace " myself from the binder while the class laughed at me. i had braces at the time, so they somehow ended up getting caught in some of the lacing of the mesh binder. The binder was something like this
i made a public account so anyone can use it for a throwaway or anything you want. To keep it public i verified the account to a random e-mail that i created so if someone changes it's password i would reset it back to normal.feel free to comment-submit or use it in anyway you want(but not in a bad way.) and if needed use it as athrowaway!!
The ranch finally got an accepted offer $5.35 cash and i screwed myself out of half my commission. 22 months ago i got a listing for nearly 900 acres. i entered in the wrong compensation to the selling agent in the mls which i just discovered today.
A friend and i are approximately age 12, walking through a construction site. i see a large route 44 sonic cup (they are 44 ounces and made of styrafoam) i'm thinking fuck this cup i'm gonna stomp this shit. but i some how miss, my inner angst wants to destroy this cup. so i must find something to keep it in place.... a board with a nail through it. nail only went halfway into my foot. didn't get a tetnis shot, just rubbing alcohol and kept it wrapped up.
i went over to my friends house to stay the night. for about half a week prior to the night, i had been having stomach cramps. the next morning, i farted and the fart woke me. it wasn't a regular everyday fart, but a shart. luckily, i always sleep on my stomach so there were no stains.
Soup made with chicken, carrot, onion and chicken water. Made with too much water, and left to simmer for too long. Smoke billowed from the kitchen, living room and bathroom. Tried to clean it up, but it was still smoky. Ended up throwing the pot away.
 "i just graduated from college. i've had a best friend for about 3 years (let's call him andy). andy and i have had crazy sexual tension since day one but we had never acted on it. andy has a roommate, ben, an extremely good looking soccer player. ben and i hooked up a few times that month, always on his couch, before our attraction naturally fizzled out and we resumed just being friendly. one of the last times we hooked up i was wearing my lucky panties (they have shrooms printed on them). as i was getting dressed to leave afterwards, ben began straightening the couch cushions and pulled the panties out from between them
i was doing a project at home, changing the leds on my xbox controller. As i scrolled to the next pic... it kept scrolling, landing on a pic of my rock hard member. My face went red and she goes  "oh.. that's the wrong pic " i apologized, she laughed and said  "its really ok, we're all adults here "... and walked away.
i work at a well known department store, and today i was using my box cutter to cut and flatten out boxes for a co-worker. with my cutter still in my right hand, i tried to pull apart the cardboard flaps, missed and brought the fresh, very sharp blade, down onto my left index finger. i started bleeding immediately at an alarming rate. i did not hit bone, but i partially lacerated my tendon. i ended up driving myself and getting my finger stitched at the clinic my employment sent me to.
i've gone from being able to do 0 pull-ups to doing about 10 at a time. naturally i enjoy showing people the progress i've made. turns out he had a pull-up bar too and so the competition naturally formed. i hopped up on the bar and swung my legs over the top to secure my place as the athletically superior individual. i took no notice and continued to hold my manly pose. then i fell about two metres onto my spine.
today i was going to run 1000's in the park, but it was raining.  "who cares, badass is as badass does, right? " i thought. so i hiked it over to the park anyway. when i get there, the boys' cc team from my school is practicing, and a lot of them are whining about how cold/wet they are. i'm like  "ok, watch me, i'm a girl and i'm gonna beast this run and make you all feel like pussies " so i take off toward this steep, tree-root infested, rocky ravine that is normally really fun to run down - and then i slip and painfully gauge my
i brought home some hot and sour soup a few days ago from the take out place down the road and put it in our fridge. having just finished season 4, i thought it would be funny to write on my bag  "dead dove do not eat " two days later and there is a letter on the fridge. they said they called animal control to remove the bag of dead bird (who didn't even open the bag? really?) and then continued to go on about how i risked the health of everyone in the house.
The fret keys are mapped to  "zxcvb " and strum is the  "up arrow " i remapped the keys so that the frets are now the first 5 fn keys (f1, f2, f3, f4, f5) and Strum is pause/break. i ended up getting my ass kicked and booed off by the game.
 "I don't even know if i need to move yet. in the past thirty minutes i've received ten calls from moving companies and i don't Even know if I need to Move yet, " she says.  "In the past 30 minutes I've received 10 calls fromMoving companies and I don'tEven know if u00a0I u00a0need u00a0to move yet "
All i'll say it's that at this point, my ass under only its own power may have long since entered a geosynchronous orbit. buffet sushi in the state of alabama right before the lunch rush. i'll be back in a few minutes with more photos.
The story is about a drunk student who wanted to take revenge on a teacher. The teacher tried to do a police check on him, but he was too drunk. The story ends with the teacher's wife saying  "soooooo... yooouuuy?!?!?!? "
Tyrone, a friend whose name is coincidently tyrone. well it wasn't me,it was my friend whose names coincidently Tyrone. as we walked in to art class, noticing that our teacher wasn't there he yells,  "yes he's not here, wooh! " little did tyrone know, our teacher had passed away that morning.
Tifu by accidentally clicking add friend while i was stalking one of my ex's facebook page.  we had a bad falling out. i know it's relatively minor, but tifu is still a pain in the ass.  i'm so sorry for what I did.
i went to get my little pocket rocket vibrator and my butt plug to do the job, but it turned out that my vibrator was dead. When i opened it to replace the batteries i noticed all kinds of corrosion around the batteries. i was getting a little anxious bc i was really horny and just wanted to get off. After about 10 minutes (which seemed more like hours) i  u201cpooped u201d them out basically. That will be the last time i use them in my ass!!!!
i cheated super hard on my chem final exam (got the answers before the test), and proceeded to get a b (aka not failing the class). i was super fucking happy i hadn't failed.my buddy knew i had it and asked if he could have it after i used it. i didn't care, but i told him that if he got caught, to, and i quote,  "not nark on me ". he proceeded to use it, and get caught (you have to be real fucking dumb to get caught cheating in this class). and when he was threatened with 10 days (just a threat), he gave up my name. so yep, here i am, suspended
i recently got a new gps (handheld) and decided to open it today. it was in a cardboard package, but it had that awful plastic packaging around it (directly underneath the cardboard) i decided to use my trusty scissors to cut the plastic. i was making good progress but noticed that i was cutting too close to the gps. i continued to cut anyway but had trouble pulling off the plastic as i had only cut one side of it. i then realized that the cardboard opened easily, and the plastic didn't even have a backside. i could have just opened the cardboard and could have easily taken out the gPS. then i saw the scratches on the g
She came into class with balloons and a flower bouquet with the words happy birthday written in the petals. i assumed that her boyfriend had gotten here these. well when i saw them i asked,  "aw did coleman get you those " what i did not know however was that they had actually broken up a few days ago and that another friend of hers had gotten her them. i could immediately tell by her facial expression that she felt like crying cause she may have started to get over it.
i was at work today when i got the urge to purge. i made my way to the guys bathroom which has about 5-6 stalls in it, all but one of which were occupied. i, needing to poop, took the open one. i was getting through my time quite peacefully when i decided to check my texts while on the toilet. it all went well until i went to put my phone back in my pocket and instead hit my knee. my phone flew out of my hand and across the floor.
i googled a subreddit for cow udders to post, but just came up with a subreddit of women with huge tits.   worked well enough for a haha. except... instead of the support document link i wanted posted in my company chat room... it posted the dirty subreddit. lesson here kids:  look before you hit enter when copying and pasting.
Over the past 5 years my old dentist said my teeth were fine and i just needed to brush and floss regularly. My old dentist had told me i had healthy teeth when i actually had a total of 23 cavities. turns out, that many fillings is kind of really god damn expensive, and my insurance only covers $2000. so now i have to pay $3700 for all my fillings and shit.
i'm out really late/early partying with friends because one was leaving today. we get back to this one guy's penthouse(a guy i met like two days prior), and continue to drink and smoke a few bowls. after smoking everyone slowly start headed back to the living room. it's down to me, penthouse guy's cousin, and this chick. he comes out cursing and yelling loud enough for everyone to hear  "that bitch's tits are hanging out! " he was furious, so we did a number of shots i am sure i don't want to remember.
i had a one night stand with an old acquaintance because hey, she wanted the d and i wanted to give it to her. during sex we were getting a bit rough towards the end and somehow i get my boner an arc-second too high up and heard and felt a  "pop " in my shaft. both of us had a minor case of the giggles but none the less we continued. however it turns out that i was unable to cum before both of we were ready to give up out of pure exhaustion and satisfaction on her part.
i was half-dreaming and half-awake and i swear to god i felt this big-ass spider land straight on my face in the dream and in real life at the same time. i instantly woke up and freaked out and jumped out of bed, and the  "spider " flew off of me and onto the bed. i must have hallucinated because i swear i could actually see the spider there on the bed for a few seconds and then it vanished. most embarrassing part is that i am a full-grown twenty year old man.
i hadn't watched any porn for a about a week (i'm 15 so i'm at the peak of puberty), basically meaning, jacking off 3 times a week. When i went to take a piss, my dick hurt, curious about it, i inspected my penis, looking for any signs. there were none, so i proceeded to urinate. but nothing came out, and that's when i realised that the shampoo i had used had in fact, went into my dick hole, therefore clogging it so that nothing but a few bubbles could come out.  My dick was clogged for two days. to this day, i have never used shampoo as lube ever again.
 reddit user  "anoriginailname " shits himself while camping. He uses a bar of soap to clean up the mess. He also steps on a thorn bush while barefoot.  "i u2019m just weird and feel grossed out that someone had possibly rubbed their sweaty balls with that soap, " he says.
The manager seemed very interested in how she could charge more for membership without making any improvements. might not be able to afford to continue at this gym very much longer. was at the gym talking to the manager. mentioned that the gym down the street wasn't any nicer but charged more.
This is the most upvoted anything on reddit ever! thanks guys! i still haven't lived down the embarrassment. i've asked her out, but at the end of the bus ride now i don't know if she'll say yes or no. hopefully tomorrow is a good day.
The girl doing the tifu i read went into detail.. enough said. the girl doing a tifo i readwent into detail... enough Said. The girl did a tIfu to a girl who was doing a Tifu to another girl. Enough said.
A pic was posted of someone meeting  "sansa " at their job. i commented  "you should have raped her whilst shouting the hound can't save you now! ". it was only a joke and there were many other rude and perverted comments as well. i just cannot believe i was banned for that by a website that is littered with women having sex with animals, necrophilia, and all sorts of inhumane activities.
i flash my bum to his mum, his mum's boyfriend, his two sisters. i was wearing really childish panties with teddy bears on them. so yeah, that's embarassing. poo.   i try to pull my dress down a little and it's stuck to my tights and cardigan.
i intern at a research lab, and today i have to make a ton of gels (sort of like jello) for a procedure called gel electrophoresis. we add ethidium bromide to the gel to stain the dna for taking the picture. it's a known carcinogen. i accidentally tipped over the bottle, spilling some of it on my lab bench. it took three paper towels to completely wipe it up. i disposed of the paper towels in the etbr waste bucket, sprayed down the bench with chlorox, and told no one.here's to hoping no one in the lab including me gets cancer!
i was in a photo-project and for this particular one, i had my hand covered in makeup, in order to make it look like i was bleeding. afterwards i tried to wash the makeup off, but there was no more soap left. now my dick looks like a prop for the worst fucking twilight-spinoff ever.
My first ever post on reddit, be kind. so i was at my,then, girlfriends friends birthday party. there were around 12 17-19 year olds at this party, with the ratio being 5 girls to 7 guys, my then girlfriend and i included. my girlfriend at the time had a tendency to flirt with guys in front of me, this was obviously annoying but it was something i knew to be inevitable since she had always been flirtatious, even prior to us going out. so, as the night wore on my girlfriend was sitting on the sofa with other guys, laid out across them, with me on the other sofa getting more jealous and more drunk. the end result?
My friends and i decided to grab a few drinks (not beers but mixed tequilas and shit) it was pretty chill at first but after a few hours i said fuck it let's get wasted so we drank from one bar to another until we pretty much got carried away and i blacked out. The moment i gained consciousness, i was lying on the sidewalk next to the boarding house i live in (how could i miss?) checked what time it is--hold on, *where the fuck is my watch?*
New guy started at work. He asked me to google his name. First result was his linkedin ... purple link. he knows. he's probably googling me right now. he did.nothing was said but that was enough. He knows i know. He's probably going to google me rightNow.
i wasn't feeling good this morning but i decided to go to work anyway. it was just a stomach ache. surely i could push through it. so i go into work today only to find that they want me to stand in 106 degree weather for 5 and a half hours and keep tourists out since the business has a buy-out today. one hour into it, my stomach is in great pain, but i'm putting on a great act and doing my job. 45 minutes later, i'm dripping in sweat, dizzy and constantly taking breaks to go back in for some air. 45 more minutes later,. the manager has me come inside to work at the counter because i can't
i've been having a rumbling tummy all day, and i ate hot wings last night. boom, i feel a wet slime dripping down the crack of my ass. a glob of molten shit drips onto the floor as i flee into the bathroom. i sealed my underwear in a plastic bag, and disposed of it at the bottom of a recycling bin. i put my pants in the laundry room and applied some cologne.
My little brother wanted to stay in the car, so i opened the door and left the windows open (it was hot today). he kept on complaining that he was hot and didn't listen to repeated commands to just get out of the car. eventually, he told us he wanted some water. my mom was also getting a little irritated at both him and me, complaining the whole time about how all we do is just sit around and do nothing. i, being annoyed at my mom and forgetting that i left my car door opened, opened the passenger side of the van in an attempt to look for this water bottle. she's already pissed off at this point by me and my brother, and
i have these females cousins who in my opinion are smoking hot, like seriously fit...one night i was staying over my 2nd cousins house for the night because my parents were out and couldn't trust me in the house alone. we were just talking late at night when she just kissed me..just right there and then, all i managed to say was  "what did you just do that for? ", when she kissed me again and again, eventually i gave in and we ended up having sex right there in her room. the next day i woke up stark naked realising what i did, popped on my clothes and went for breakfast.later, around afternoon, i went to go and feed my
i was sitting in my grandma's house, eating her chips because shit, i'm a hungry teenager. all was going well, until a crumb missed my mouth. oh, i'll just find it on my shirt later and eat it.nope. i suddenly felt a sting coming from my boob, and lo and behold, there was a chip sitting inMy bra, and near my nipple was blood.
i have a long history of swimmers ear, so when i got out of the pool and couldnt get the water out of my ear it was no surprise. ill just ask the swim coach for some rubbing alcohol, that always clears it right up, no big deal i thought. i literally was blinded. all i could see was white my brain was so everloaded with pain, i immediately lost all bodily control.
currently at about 1000/3000. forgot that i deleted all of my album artist data last night, now i have to wait on over 3000 songs being updated. i'm in a rush to go to the bank, and i only wanted to put one song on the damn thing...
i was having a really good week. i was training a new waitress, and helping her with her job, while trying to do mine at the same time. i didn't want to be in the kitchen because it 95-100 degrees. dad walked in and starts screaming at me about how useless i am. he had given me money, and screamed at me as he continued to throw me out of the restaurant.
i had a stomach ache, and my mom was putting medicine on my stomach. it was similar to icy hot, and i didn't realize i had some on my hand. it still hurts. somebody pls pls halp  u00a0it still hurts u00a0to think about it.
i woke up with cotton mouth and an incredible hangover.  coating the entire bottom and inside of the mug are ants. i've never had an ant problem before now. i really wish they chose a different morning.  i really want to know what happened to you.
i often find it hard to understand what she's saying, and i'm actually a person who is pretty good at understanding people with accents. i could tell though that she was probably sick of people asking her where she was  "from " and maybe she feels like she constantly has to justify to others how  "american " she is. i know reddit isn't really sensitive to these kinds of things, but, to all the non american accent-having americans out there: i'm sorry :(
The worst thing is that i want her back even with her throwing it in my face. she's telling me how happy she is without me in her life and how she's fucking a optometrist. today i screwed up by carrying on a conversation with my ex.
 tifu at work by selling a printer to a man for thirty minutes only to have him ring up his credit card and press cancel and try to ring it out with cash. without taking his cash not realizing what he did then sending him on his way with a free printer.
i'm a fan, don't get me wrong, but as i was reading my third /r/tifu story i found myself unable to suspend my disbelief. i wonder, is there any way for us to substantiate these claims?  if not, what makes this stuff different than writing flash fiction? or does it not really matter, the point is to entertain, so truthiness or not, the results are the same?
i was strolling round the supermarket, as you do, completely switched off to anything that was going on around me. happily working my way through the list, until i came to the veg isle; for it was there that out of the blue, the most powerful sneeze i have ever experienced exploded out of my face. needless to say i immediately abandoned my trolley full of shopping and went and got in my car and drove home, with a pant load of shit.
So, i have to hand in one copy of a script to my professor, and take one to a meeting with this actor. i print them off, hand one in. except later that day, at the meeting with the actor, i notice there are still two copies in my bag....and i know i only printed two copies. So, i run though all the possibilities.; a crappy essay, a bank statement, cute photos of me and my friends...
i was browsing reddit on my iphone and listening to music and the battery was like 3%. but normaly when it dies it just turns off and i charge it and it workes again. my charger was upstairs and the lazy ass i am, i letted it die. when it turned off, i puted it on the charger, but this weird thing came and said it needed to be plugged into itunes. so the next day i did that and there was a problem with an ios update i updated recently. when i tried to make my phone work again there wasa problem with making it, so we got to the icentre and they said my phone was dead
So yesterday around 5 or so i met up with a friend for drinks. we drank, played pool, and did some shots....... quite a few shots. we ended up on his side of town near closing time, so we headed to his place to crash for the night. On the way there i informed my friend that i had taken some xanax earlier in the day(about 1mg which is way more than i usually take for my anxiety but had a very stressful day) He jokingly told me his son wasn't home and had plastic sheets if i needed. we make it to his Place and drink a couple beers and i pass out on his couch. i wake up around 5
i saw some imaginary stars and blood coming out of my nose. can't tell if broken but nevertheless, it's an awful feeling to see your nose bent to a certain degree. i mean, what the fuck am i going to tell others at school? i'm not someone who can easily flat-out lie to others but it seems like i'll have to make up a story on this one.
i routinely ask people who look like they are struggling if they need help. one of the residents in the building has a disability where his hand is deformed. i went up to him and said  "let me give you a hand ". about when i got to the hand part my brain went into emergency shutdown mode.needless to say the guy was pissed at me and complained to my boss.
i needed to look up information on what bill collectors are allowed to do (stupid verizon, different story.)  so i went to the public computer lab on campus. these particular machines are set up in really long rows with the tower on the desk next to the monitor and each computer/monitor evenly spaced. The only open computer was in the middle of a long row next to a girl who had about 5 documents open between spreadsheets, power points, word, internet and whatever. i tried to log in but it took longer than the 15 seconds i was willing to wait, so i assumed it froze and i needed to restart it. After about 5 seconds the tower went dark but my
Every day i refill my bottle of water, put it in the freezer, and wait just before it gets totally frozen so it's sort of like a water slush. right now i just got it out of the freezer at the perfect time. not too watery but not too frozen. perfection. well, first sip i take a shard of ice rockets from the bottle and, sure enough, scrapes the crap out of my tongue. so i'm sitting here, over the sink with a bleeding tongue spitting out blood. my stinging tongue and the taste of blood don't go well.
i realized today i am gay and have been in denial of being in denial and have wasted the past 29 years of my life. im not feminine at all and no one would suspect me of being gay and i just never liked the idea. i have been screwed over by people pretending to be my friend to try and gain something by my friendship. i should have killed myself a long time ago. i could have had a great life, even as a homosexual.
After school some of my friends and i decided to head by goodwill to buy some cheap clothes. i set down my back pack, which contained my (300 dollar) glasses and new, somewhat expensive jacket. soon a mega shopping spree ensues and completely forget about my backpack.
i can't get this feeling of guilt and remorse out of me. it's been a bad week for me. all i've been doing is fucking things up, today was not the exception. i feel like shit, tried to help my sister and end up hurting her when i'm supposed to protect her.
Reddit is a blessing and a curse. My boss thought it was bold of me to be browsing the bdsm sub during office hours. i found a cool picture in /r/wtf about newly patented handcuffs that can subdue criminals. i sent him the imgur link, but didnt realize it was an x-post for /r /bdsm.
My sister is in the army and has been having health issues. Today she went in to have a surgical procedure done. The procedure took longer than anyone expected it to. Being the nurse of the family they all came to me and asked me to call and see what i could find out.
A new client needs some accounts to be put together for a 14 month period. As i was about to enter a sales invoice i realised they were vat registered and that i u2019ve missed the vat amount on sales and expenses. this will all now need reprocessing. what a waste of week!
i usually get my usual, bacon and eggs, with hash browns and pancakes. i decided to try something different, and get these pancakes that have like choco bits in them. i believe that's what set off the following unfortunate events. i'm pretty sure it went through both my boxers and my pants, and seeped into the damn car seat. i didn't even bother to chance a glance at whether the car seat had shit all over it. all i could concentrate on was getting inside my house, burning my clothes, and weeping in the shower.
i don't know why i said no... nerves? anyway i'm gonna just go ahead and hate myself now. pretty self explanatory. i don't think i've ever been so nervous in my life. i've never been so scared in my entire life. it's been so long. i'm so glad i'm here.
i'm a tall fellow and most chairs at uni don't have much back support for me let alone neck support for you average height folks. so i'm slipping in and out of a lectute siesta when i feel my head slip back a little to far down over the chairs back support. i immediately wake up in such a frightened and sudden way that now has me wincing and groaning at the slightest movement of my neck. it's like my head is getting sucked out of it's placement between my shoulders with the force of a giant head sized vacuum.
 "i am in the middle of a damn race. i see a huge pack coming. i panic. i swerve into the middle (center island) of the road and the pack (maybe 150-200 people, i'm guessing) is far enough behind that i can clear out safely in time "  "this is embarrassing but upon reflection it is kind of funny "
The woman looked disheveled, her clothes were older, her shoes were dirty, her hair was oily, her face and arms had scabs. She smoked cigarette after cigarette. All the other members of the audience were engaged in watching the rodeo, and cheering on the participants. She got up and walked down the bleachers, wobbling and swerving her way down.
i'm not educated medically, and having severe adhd i quickly forget this. last friday my friend j had surgery on his chest. he tells me he had surgery and that it was complicated to explain, but said he had a [port] removed. i blurted out  "what is it cancer or something? that's why your hairs so sparse right, chemotherapy?  "(he has the thinnest, waviest hair on a 17 year old you've ever seen) he stared at me for a second, like a *gollum assuming bilbo has the ring* stare, then quickly retorted  "no? "
My older brother was using my computer late at night. He was playing a videogame on my computer desk. He started clapping my mouse against the desk repeatedly. This went on for about half an hour to 45 minutes. Then suddenly it was all over. His assualt on the clergy apparently over.
 "My wife and i haven't been having sex because we just had a kid and she doesn't want to go on birth control just yet as it is can lower the amount of boob juice a woman's divine coconuts can produce "  "So i decide to bust one out before she gets off. i watch about 2-3 mins of some different videos to get me in the mood, then do my thing. what i didn't remember to do is put the bushwhacker away. you would think i would feel a draft, but nope. this guy didn't notice until the aforementioned wife comes back home, then comes in to give me a hug "
i decided to use some of my fine listerine anti-cavity rinse this evening, which was located on the top of the cabinet in my bathroom.  it had no cap, but lots of our stuff has no cap... so i filled up the dispensing top and let it settle at the appropriate level.  i proceeded to spit it out into the virgin white sink.
i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewed by a local news station. i was interviewing to be a news anchor or reporter. i had no idea what i was going to do with my life. i thought i would be able to use my skills to help people.
 "my shits were pretty quiet this week. "  "i have a busy looking shit tonight that i am not looking forward to "  "there was a pretty messy looking shit last week i dealt with in the course of my duties "  "do any of you have any general advice on how to handle these shits in the future? "
i tend to use more oil than i need in my food, and thanks to my slippery oiled hands, my hands slipped off the knife i was using and i accidentally dropped it. i felt a sense of pain, and when i look down, i saw blood. so i dropped a knife on my dick.
My son and i were on our way home from my parents house when my mom called and said i'd forgotten my laundry.  so i turned around and drove back. i put the car in park, ran inside and grabbed the laundry out of the dryer.  i began heading towards the car when i hear my mom scream and point at my car which was moving by itself, hitting the rear end of my mom's car.  u00a0i'd forgotten to put the fucking car inPark.  it was a fluke - i swear, i'd never done anything so mindless.  my son was in my car and luckily he wasn't hurt.
me and my bf haven't seen each other for a few days. i wrote a text  "thanks for the orgasm this morning " he was not with me this morning and i meant to tell him i pleasured myself thinking about him. thought that'll make his day. 10 minutes later, my boss replied  "anytime "
 "I mistakenly pissed on a random man and his plot of vengeance was to get in a piss war with me "  "It looked like someone has slide the windex bottle halfway between mist and laser and i was doing this all on his pants leg "  "i then yelled that i was sorry and got the fuck outta there "
i was with my ex for a few years. part of why we broke up is because she was going to grad school for 4 years in cali (i'm in ny). she left in september. i started dating this new girl, things are going well. i received a text from my ex's brother asking if i was going somewhere during the weekend. i responded. i then went to text my girlfriend, saying  "i just looked over and saw your jewelry next to my bed and it made me smile " among other sappy things, hit send, and quickly realized i had sent it to him. i was scrambling and typing incoherent nonsense to him in a moment of
 "I'm stuck outside in the pouring rain with a phone that has 5% battery left, and nobody that will be home for another hour, " he says.  "Now i'm stuck inside with no idea what to do with my life. "  "I'm not going to be able to do anything, " he adds.  "I've got to get out of here. "
My so's brother and i are good friends and we like to call each other,  "yo bitch ",  "mah nigga ", and so on. We are not black, but we are not racist in any degree whatsoever. we all go to a school with few white people and we just kind of picked up on the words of others. no one really cared or minded.
A man was overheard talking on his cell phone during a symphony. The conductor stopped the concert and called 911. The man was on the phone with 911 getting an ambulance to come. A woman in the audience had gone unconscious and may have had a heart attack or stroke.
i had to drop something off in our conference room where my boss and a bunch of other high ranking employees were in a meeting. just before i walked in i let a fart silently pass through my butt cheeks. pretty sure everyone could smell it as it walked through the entire room and then back again.
i woke up at around 8.30, which is 20 minutes before work. i usually take around 25 minutes to get to work, since i walk. i ran for about 1-5 minutes each run and would take a 2 minute break until the way is flat again.about 30 minutes after i got at work, bathed in sweat, i eventually vomited violently because i drank milk during my run.
i ran right into a bicycle rack crotch first. it hurt. a lot. this morning, during a field trip, my class was disembarking the bus at a rest stop. i wanted to hang out with him during the stop since i didn't get to sit next to him.  "ha ha! got your hat! " i squealed as cutely as i could muster.
Last night i decided to have some me time whilst watching a bit of porn. i finish up halfway through a video then lock my screen. next day unlock in lecture and can't shut it up quick enough. whole hall looks at me. safe to say i went a lovely shade of crimson. i shall learn to always check my tablet before taking it out of my room!
i had just turned 18 so in my horny  "no-fap november " mind i thought, "maybe i will find some hot girl on omegle that i can masturbate with. " so after 1 hour i finally found this one person who immediately wrote  "f17 " so i was interested (i was 18 for only two days at that point). after talking for a while and i had been exposing myself the whole time, i asked her to turn on her cam. she told me,  "it's okay i'm legit " and gave me a link to a facebook account that looking back at it, could have easily been stolen or faked.
for 3 weeks. i never knew i was allergic to latex until i had sex for the first time with my so wearing a latex condom. to understand how it felt, rub fire on your crotch and then put some itching powder on it. then watch it swell up and burn like fuck when you pee.
i work at a drugstore, and i was refilling the fancy change machine at one of the registers yesterday. As i drop a coin into it i notice that the cashier before me had put a dime into the nickel tray in the register. i figure, *a dime is way smaller than a nickel so there's no way that'll clog up the machine.* so i just hear a *click* and no change comes out.
 "i was having lunch with my friends, and everything was going great, when suddenly i have the feeling that i'm a bit cold. after a while i feel like the worst stomach ache i ever experienced. no problem i'll go fart in the bathroom and let all the gas out. while trying to fart, i fell that there might be something else coming out, but whoe wants to sit on the toilet eat of a restaurant? "
My cat has been sick. he has feline hepatic lipidosis. luckily he's doing ok, but the recovery food has put a dent in our accounts. we needed a little extra to cover until next payday, so i went to get a payday loan. the teller handed me the cash and i put it in my wallet (along with the money my bf had taken from his account) and then put my wallet in my purse. i walked out to my car which was parked directly in front of the doors. then i drove to the atm to deposit the cash. i wanted to make sure i had the cash all facing the same way so that i wouldn't have to
This happened a year or so go. My friends have a golf cart that they got from their grandfather a while back. The cart had this little truck bed in the back of it you could hold onto, and it got to a top speed of about 10 mph. We invented a game called  "shoe surfing " it was where you hold on to the truck bed and keep your feet on the ground whilst the driver tries to shake you off. it was my turn and i was doing pretty well. i was on for about 3 or 4 minutes, then i feel the worst possible pain ever...in my ass. i scream so loud, and keel over on the floor clutching my asshole.
i guess i had drank too much cheerwine, because i had the impending need to burp. well, we were in a cramped car doing the deed, 69ing very uncomfortably... needless to say, i saw my cheerwine and dinner for a second time that night.  not the most excellent way to end a friday.
i backed into a garage with the front of my car...  i am waiting to hear back from the car dealership for an estimate to fix the damage. my car is a 2013 that i have had a little over three months and this is the third damaging incident i have, and by far the worst.
i've been having problems moving my legs and back in a proper fashion since i had a spinal tap that hit a nerve two months ago. we had to choreograph a series of 8 small movements. we decide to begin the exercise sitting and then move to a standing position. well i have to get up awkwardly and as i was half way up i felt a horrible jerking pain in my knee and collapsed onto said knee. at which point i feel a horrible pain as my kneecap momentarily was dislocated. now i have a knee brace, see a physical therapist, and my performance studies class calls me nanna.
i was at my friends having a smoke, rolled myself a doob and set off on my way home. about halfway i realised i left my wallet at his, and so had to run back, biff ablaze! i got there and got my wallet, all was good until i arrived home and checked my pockets. i had lost my buds
i know he appreciates  "shock " type humor. when we were in high school he was known for mooning people.  big deal you might ask, he always opened his ass cheeks.  i seen it once and trust me, it was gross. i realized very quickly that i was doing most of the laughing and he was jaw dropped.
i'm working as a seafood clerk and, as part of my uniform, have an apron on. i take my dinner break and, before heading downstairs to resume my shift, decide i need to take a piss. everything is fine for a few seconds until i somehow let go of my apron and start pissing all over it and also partially on the button area of my jeans. thankfully, no one else was in the employee bathroom while i was and i was able to clean up.
i am a college student who works for a moving company part time. today i was on a move and the lady had a very nice china cabinet. i took out all the china and wrapped it perfectly, next i started wrapping the cabinet with moving blankets. all seemed well and i got my partner to help me pick up the cabinet and move it. well we pick it up and it tilts just a little bit and then we hear a loud crashing noise come from inside the cabinet. mirrors on the inside busted along with the glass shelves.needless to say the lady was not very happy and we didn't get a very good tip.
i am a server and we borrowed glasses from a local winery for a party of 50. we were in between courses and i was a bit bored. i saw on the box of glasses that they claim to be  "unbreakable " so if you knock it over, it will bounce and not break. so i took one in my hand and threw it on the floor. it shattered, and louder then any glass shattering should sound. my boss yelled at me, i had to pay for the glass, and explain to the owner of the winery what happened.
A surfer's car is stolen while surfing. The car was in the water in his wetsuit. The keys were in a bush nearby. The thief shut off the phones on both of the surfers' phones. The police are on the lookout for the car.
Hardboiled eggs with their shells on in the microwave because pressure will build up in the shell and then blow up in your face. turns out its not ok to put hardboiled. eggs with the shells on because pressure would build up and blow up the egg in your mouth.
i just chugged 4 shots right before class. i just started on a new ssri (anti depressant) which specifically calls for no alcohol consumption. as you will get 2x as fucked up from the same amount of alcohol. feeling thirsty and what not. go to take a sip of some h20 out the mini fridge before class, take a big ol' swig. shit tits that aint no water, that's some orange vodka.
A plumber was in the house all that evening, effectively blocking kitchen and bathroom. He ended up having to relieve himself in a bottle from the recycling. He left it where he wouldn't forget to get rid of it. It was funny afterwards, i have to admit.
i hit it off well with a girl at a party, then did absolutely nothing about it for a month. lesson learned, if things are going well with someone, don't wait to ask. just do it then and there. i went on facebook a couple of days ago and saw that she was in a relationship with someone. fuck.
This story actually happened to one of my friends at the end of last semester, but he doesn't reddit so i thought i'd share on here. It had me laughing for a while (i'll write in first person pov):  i had already completed most of my major and i just needed an elective class for a few more credit hours, so i decided to enroll in an ornithology class. The professor was a complete dick and we only had 1 final exam and three papers throughout the semester as our entire grade.
i forgot that my phone was in the pocket of my hoodie (i should have put it in my pants pocket) i get the coat untangled and leave it inMy car. i shut the door and take 2 steps, then i hear the dreaded sound that strikes fear into the hearts of all, except the gods of nokia. My phone hit the ground, landing in a puddle.
 "i was really excited and hopeful about an interview "  "i'm pretty sure i had pubes still on my shirt!  i didn't get the job "  "my beard was so thick and badass i managed to break the trimmer "  "on the way i stopped into cvs and got some $20 trimmer and shaved the rest of my face in the car "
early this morning while i was asleep, i was dreaming that i was using the bathroom and browsing reddit on my phone. some thread was calling for /u/andrewsmith1986 to be banned or something. i was typing a response when i noticed how soft the carpet was in the dream bathroom and started to run my hand over it as i did my business. this was when i woke up. throwaway because a lot of my irl friends know my real username.
My bathroom is almost airtight with the door closed, with only 2 small windows (one of which is jammed) and a really, really bad extractor fan/heat lamp thing. Usually i have to have both a window open and the fan going to get an adequate amount of steam from the shower out. this day however, i was in such a rush to get clean for upcoming activities that i neglected to open the window. this was a huge mistake. i'm not sure of what exactly happened, but evidently i made a desperate lunge for the door as my next memory is me laying face down butt naked half-out the shower door.
i've been eligible to graduate since june of last year, but stayed for a fifth year because my so was finishing up his community college classes to get ready to transfer. i was way more burnt out than i expected. feeling burnt out mixed with worsening depression was not a good mix. finally, i petitioned to graduate for winter. then i got a call to be a substitute/teacher's aid in a special ed class from now until summer. paid and gives me the experience i need? sign me up. i can't undo my cancellation and now i have to graduate in spring.
i like to meditate from time to time, mostly in the morning, so to fully engross myself into the music i wanted to zone out and listen to the album. sitting or laying down was too passive, i probably would've gone to sleep. so i took up a kneeling posture on the ground, put the record on and listened to it. my trance was broken when i heard my roommate leave. now i don't know what to do, i was just in the zone enjoying music, but i see how this can be perceived as weird.
i have icy hot spray in a can and somehow got it on my ball sack. does anyone know of a way to get it off? or do i have to ride it out? this shit burns. i have no idea how to get off. this is so painful.
Today i started to play and noticed i need to change my strings so i decided i was just going to go crazy with whammy bar antics and big bends because if i break a string it doesnt matter. after about 10-20 minutes i was done and put the guitar down, then i noticed my bridge pins we slanted forward. So i decided it was time to check it out while i have the strings off. [this is what i discovered...]
i was working from home and my sister brought food at my table at 9:30pm but since i was working,i was in no mood to eat. i finished my task by 2:30am morning.saw my dinner was not only cold but was not covered properly and roaches started to bite on it. i was like why not eat that roach nibbled food next day has a terrible stomach ache and fever.
i work in a cocktail lounge with an assortment of different spices, garnishes, fruits, and what have you to make all sorts of weird drinks. today, my bar manager was in working on a couple new drinks that apparently involve red hot chili peppers. i like spicy food, and i was curious, so i broke one open and smelled it. it smelled sweet. so i squeezed a bunch of seeds out and put the pepper in my mouth. even before chewing, i felt that motherfuckers heat. i threw the pepper. in the garbage and decided i'd save myself the 20 or so minutes of pain and scorched gums. i went to take my daily pre work dump,
i accidentally got the train ticket for a place before my stop. when i tried using it to get out, it flashed red but the barriers were still open for a split second so i snuck through. When i turned back i saw many people stuck because of my rejected ticket, causing quite a jam.
edit: thanks guys. long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore.  u00a0I'm now a full-fledged member of the Reddit community. Thanks to all of you for your support and support over the years. I hope to see you all again in the future.
i live about a mile and a half away from my boss, and he knows i drive a truck. He asked me if i'd mind bringing his fancy 66 inch smart television - complete with wi-fi, netflix apps, and ear-splitting surround sound audio system - home? well, shit, boss. sure. we toss the television in the back of my tacoma and i start to follow him home. since i don't want to wreck the tv, i'm careful to drive the speed limit. i ignore the incoming texts on my phone, and i follow my boss from a safe distance. my technique is flawless. but then it happens. the most obnoxious commercial comes on
i heard that people were installing something called ubntu (or something like that) on their pcs in order to emulate linux and get this promotional item for booting the game on linux. when i reopened my computer it looked like something out of the matrix. i can't get it back to normal, even if i reboot it.
i lost all my christmas presents, all my family's trust, and my phone. i may also be kicked out and never allowed to play sports or do drumline ever again. all over some weed. i fucked up. i'm sorry. i live 6 miles away from town where they live.
My wife was in the bathroom cleaning, and i asked if she had already cleaned the tub. ignoring everything i learned over 25 years of marriage, i stated,  "doesn't look like it. you need to scrub harder " i spent the next two hours cleaning all the bathrooms. i think the title says enough but keeping with the rules, i will add context.
Two days prior to this event i had taken a giant, vile poo that clogged my toilet. After avoiding plunging my toilet for 48 hours the stench eventually became overwhelming. i flushed the toilet and began plunging like my life depended on it. It wasn't really going down, so i flushed again. instantly, i regretted the decision. the water was rising fast, and i had no idea what to do.
i ordered a new mhl adaptor from amazon and was so excited to be able to play all my s4 videos on the led tv. i opened the video gallery and just next to the engagement video tile it was audrey bitoni's video ( tonight's girlfriend ) and by mistake i just clicked on it and to my bad luck the video started playing from the last point i stopped it. so its like audrey screaming on my 52inch led with home theater connected and i am standing there like a dumbass trying to close the fucking gallery.
i now have a red spot on the crease of my foreskin and ow. so i had just finished masturbating and as i was about to go to sleep i noticed a long white *thing* coming out of my dick.i stared at it for a while and then i decided to pull it out.
A friend of mine was let go a few months ago from a job i got him. At a party, in a moment of drunken curiosity, i asked a person i don't really know why. He told me the reason, which aligned with my suspicion that he was dealing with some bad life choices. The conversation should have concluded with a request of confidentiality.
i attended our annual departmental christmas party, which takes place in our communal area with shittonnes of free booze (free booze.) and being of the student persuasion myself, i have this inherent drinking problem. especially when the drinking becomes free. i meet my already horrendously drunk friend who had called me on my walk there, apparently from the bathroom urinals. i find him staggering around outside in the rain where he proceeds to lunge at me for an aggressive kiss and i'm like  "wha- oh, heeeeyyy "
i ate out at a restaurant yesterday for a work christmas party. fast forward to this morning and i wake up not feeling so great. end up leaving work due to intense stomach pains. turns out i have food poisoning. the rest of my day was spent running back and forth from the couch to the bathroom. my butthole is so raw because i've diarrhea-ed like 15 times today.
WARNING: GRAPHIC CONTENT. Be warned that this story may be too tame for some people's taste but it certainly made me feel stupid. The story is about a man who dropped his sandwich in the road as he rushed to catch a bus. He missed the bus and had to stand in the rain for 15 minutes waiting.
i was chosen to play the last post, on my trumpet. i'm so nervous that i fuck it up a lot, and after a bit, i say  "shit! " pretty damn loud. i finish playing and then during the moment of silence, people started laughing. after the service, i was told that i made the mayor, a cop, a world war two veteran, a korean war veteran, and the principal laugh. how the fuck am i not suspended right now....
i'm an interesting person in that i'm both a light and heavy sleeper at the same time. sometimes, if my subconscious deems it important enough, i'll even leave myself a mental sticky note, like  "check your phone " or  "your mom wants something " today was no different as i had been asleep roughly an hour, when my phone buzzes. i remember this because the only calls i get at 8 am are either collections, or important/emergencies. i see the unknown number and write it off as the former, and just let it go to message and go back to sleep. i woke up properly rested at 10, and realized i had one of those mental sticky notes
 "i lost the motivation to go to class, and i decided instead to kill some time at the mall. as i turn the corner, half asleep, thinking about the books i read, there she stands: a girl i went to high school with, who has major attachment issues "  "i immediately said i'm not going to buy a onesie, or ever wear one, and that i blatantly refuse to wear such an atrocity "
i ~~am~~ was a freelance contributor to cracked.com. today an article was published where they were trying to recruit new freelance writers. in the comment section for it, i saw somebody say something to the effect of  "nobody looks down on you " among the site's editors. i commented on that that in fact i had been insulted a few times. then i went on about how i'd sold articles cracked. website didn't want to other sites and got paid more by them.  u00a0during my break, i got a message telling me that if i didn't apologize and retract my statements i would be banned, but it turned out they decided to pull the trigger anyway.
i'm usually known in my circle of friends as the guy who gets food that other people consider inedible. technically, i ate the thai food last night, however, today came the pain. i guess i'd forgotten about the day after. i love my spicy food. it burns so good.
Just bought a brand new memory foam bed. guy asked if i wanted a waterproof liner i said no. had a dream i was at a party and needed to piss. went into the bathroom in my dream and started pissing. pissed all over brand new bed and girlfriend. didn't even drink last night. fml
i was reading the front page ask reddit post on sex. someone wrote how sex had a certain smell and the following comment said  "sounds juicy ". for some reason i thought it was hilarious and had a quick laugh out loud. but there was a person giving a speech in front of the class...she is also the one person in class who has waited to give her speech on the last possible day because she was so nervous. i am an asshole.
i was hanging out with some friends and my crush. we were all derping about at the 1.5m end of an olympic sized pool. my crush randomly decides to swim to the other side. i thought to myself,  "hey, maybe i could swim to that side too " i started swimming, moving my arms, paddling my feet and whatnot in what i thought was a rhythm/pattern. i made it to halfway across the pool when my stamina suddenly decided to drop like an anvil. i immediately figured that the pool was too deep, and so i doggy-paddled sideways, lunged for a lane divider, grappled it and then
i work at this deli shop and its my second week working.  i was already doing some minor fuck ups through out the day but the major one was when i was slicing.  The security alarm control is right next to the slicer up against the wall and on there is a button to call the cops. i must have bumped the button while i was cleaning it or working the slicers. 2 cops showed up all pissed off that it was a false alarm and now the store could be fined.
A 16-year-old boy pees in his brother's bathroom. The boy is fine, but his brother is going to have a black eye. The story was inspired by a night of drinking kool-aid with his brother. The pee was so bad that the boy had to pee in a bottle to stop it.
i was going to register for classes for the spring semester. When i went to check out the class availability, i saw that my general bio class was 100% booked at all times. so i have 2 options, i can take it the next fall semester, or during the summer for 1 month straight for 4 days a week. instead of 2 years, looks like i'm lookin' at 2.5.
i got drunk the night before and must have masturbated and got some on it. i didn't know there was a very obvious jizz stain until the lady saw it. if only you could feel the tension when she realized what it was. i found out the hard way thatthere is a strict no return policy when there is a giant cum stain on the front of the hoodie!
i actually shaved my nether regions about 3 days ago, but it caught up with me this morning when i was at work. i made the mistake of using a cheap single blade razor to shave the base of my no-no zone and got a really bad regrowth irritation. It started out as a little itching, but eventually became so irritated that it felt like a a cactus was rapidly growing out of my pubes.
 "i don't know how i'm going to go to class on monday "  "i know what i have to do, i just need to figure out how to go about doing it!!!! "  "i am getting rather fed up with everybody (and it's more than these two) telling me i need counseling "
i own a 4 inch long, three speed, rotating, vibrating, vibrator. i hide my vibrator in my hiking boots which sit at the bottom of my wardrobe. i don't know what i'm going to do when he goes to put on my boot only to find a 4inch vibrator, i imagine it's going to be awkward. i hope he doesn't post about it on facebook.
i used to just trim until my girlfriend got this habit of plucking my pubes out which she found hilarious and i hated. so here i am thinking how funny it would be to shave it all off, problem: i tried shaving back when i was ~18 and it itches like hell. so i'm thinking  "no razor no itchyness " i checked the instructions and all it seems to say is it can be used anywhere except around open spin. i put a little bit on my penis to test it and it's fine. so without any worries in the world i lather it on. It's fine all around but the second it touched my balls i did not understand what
i had to take a train into the city from the airport because my ride fell through due to traffic. because of the snow there was salt all over the ground which got onto the bottom of my suitcase en route to the train. didn't really notice and put my suitcase on the overhead rack. when it was my stop i went to get my suitcase and jostling it caused rock-salt to rain down on this poor chic. getting in her hair and everywhere. like a lot of it. i said  "i am so, so sorry! " i think she was too pissed off even to respond or look directly at me :-/
i was at a housewarming party for a friend who had just moved house. He bought me a large bottle of white rum, and i drank the whole bottle. After smoking weed and eating chilli con cane, i got sick. My friend tried to deal with me, but there were parents shouting.
i'm a freshman in college who managed to walk on as a weight/shot put thrower. today was my first ever college track meet, and the bus was set to depart at 7am in the morning. i was really excited and ready to compete for the first time. i had packed my bag and laid out my uniform the night before to make sure absolutely nothing could go wrong. i even managed to get myself to bed by 11 on a friday night, i set three alarms on my phone, and made sure i had a buddy(who lived on my hall) who would wake me just in case something went wrong.
 "i am not very good at dancing games, but fate had other plans in mind for me "  "i spent the rest of the night in silence. the worst part was the ride home after, as i do not own a car, so i was driven there by the girl that i blew it with "
This happened in fall of 2012. i live in chicago and it was one of those windy, freezing days. anyway...im getting ready for my 8:30 class and its about 7:20 something. i'm putting on my jacket and figured,  "i'm only walking the dog a short distance today, i don't need my coat " -.-'
That was the first--and last--creepypasta i've ever read. it really dug deep into my soul. don't watch that shit. that was the scariest u00a0thing u00a0I've ever u00a0read. it was the most terrifying thing I've ever seen.
i just got done slaving over a hot stove for 2 hours(yay! 4 cheese, 3 meat lasagna!) so i am all ~~sexy~~ sweaty and i decide to cool off in the bathroom with some water to the face. my long hair and beard are a mess, but i don't want to get stinky sweat all over nice clean brush. i grab a random comb i found when i moved and i proceed as usual.
 "blowing a raspberry " is when you put your mouth on the fleshy part of someone elses' body and blow air out through your mouth, making a funny fart noise. when i raspberried his bellybutton, i noticed a weird object in my mouth... his belly button lint.  a mass of sweaty lint rolled around my mouth until i could get it out. cuddles came to an end and now i'm sitting here hoping the wine i'm drinking disinfects whatever weird bacteria i got from his belly Button.
i apologize in advance for not shitting myself and/or getting caught masturbating, so this post will be less-than-hilarious. i was in the cafeteria with a few friends and i thought it would be funny to screw with them a bit with the salt-shakers. so i started off by filling one of my friend's pockets with salt while she was speaking to one half of the group, the other half trying to contain their laughter, as they were focused on my prank. she puts her hand in her pocket at some point, hilarity ensues, blah blah blah. i then pour a bit of salt on another one of her phones as she had unsuspect
i'm a freshman in college and not entirely new to drinking. i know my limits and i pride myself on being able to pass as sober even when i'm quite drunk. i showed up with my own drink (grey goose screwdriver) and also a good ol' bag o' weed. i drank what i brought (approximately 6 shots) then proceeded outside where i smoked a significant sum. it is at this point where the hosts of the party brought out the moonshine, cuz prohibition. from this point i remember nothing until my ra woke me up at 6 a.m. in the communal showers where i had passed the fuck out with the water running.
It was around 3am, we were throwing a party at home. i went to my room to get some weed, thing is my room is upstairs second door on the hall.door was open and lights were on, just like i left it. As i walk in i see my roommate with a girl on his bed almost ripping off each other clothes. like it wasn't awkward enough i also say  "you two don't mind me, im just getting the weed " at that point my roommate already know his night was ruined.
This past sunday, before going to church, i decided to have a quick, innocent fap. fast forward a few hours, and church is over. turned it on, and since the porn video was the last thing i watched, it's the first thing i see when i  "un-standby " my phone. i'm shocked that i didn't close the tab after i finished, but i'm thankful that the video didn't somehow automatically replay for everybody to hear.
i u2019ve been feeling crap for the past few days because of an ear infection, so my sleeping pattern u2019s been stupidly inconsistent due to having a high temperature. i u2019m on antibiotics so it's slowly getting better though. i woke up feeling crap, so decided to have a hot bath to see if it helped. due to the window being closed it was really hot and stuffy in the bathroom and i was getting less oxygen. i started losing vision and balance, and could feel my legs getting weak, but before i could sit down i fainted and on my way down i hit my head on the toilet seat (broke the seat off the hinge and got
 i was hopping in the shower and decided i'd send some nice x-rated pictures to my long distance boyfriend. after the photo shoot, i sent the 5 best, most revealing, sexy images to the last person i texted, which i thought was my boyfriend. i forgot that i had texted my mom about going home this weekend and wound up sending them to her during her work day as a teacher. i'm thoroughly embarrassed, i'm hoping we can both treat the situation like adults.
i have a friend who i usually communicated with through a group chat on facebook whose 2-year-old son was just diagnosed with autism. While perusing my reddit feed i saw a greentext story from 4chan. i'm audibly laughing and decide to share it with the group.my friend, not a minute later says  "wtf " and i spout out  "yeah well that's tards for ya "
i was driving down the street with my bf the other day, when he started to fart. the smell started to really get to me, and i began coughing. i was on my period, and it seemed my coughing fit had brought on the crimson tide. my driver's seat is ruined.
Gta v is due to be released next Thursday. I have been telling my friends about gta v and how i can't wait t play it next thursday. only to find out i had the dates wrong and have to wait a whole other week for it.
i was sooooo pissed off i shut it all down and took a bath. once i realized there actually was a spoiler warning it took some of the steam out of me, but still... assholes! My feeling on spoilers is like going to the museum to admire a painting and then smearing your poop on it for the next guy.
i made the mistake of bringing up what a fleshlight is. i said something like  "it's shaped like a large flashlight but its designed to be a fake vagina. " and my teacher was like 'interesting, well, how do you use it?' i thought the answer was pretty obvious, so my immediate reply was  "what? you flip it around and stick your dick in it. "
My mom was trying to park in a handicapped spot for dinner. A man in a wheelchair came in and tried to get her to pay for his meal. She was so embarrassed, she went back to the restaurant and paid for the man's meal. He was angry, so she told him to stop.
i had an interview scheduled with a bank for a helpdesk position. i was scheduled to go in for 2:45 pm, fill out paperwork and have the interview at 3:00 pm. i went home and checked the laptop i was using to take notes when i called about the positon. on the desktop i had a file, timestamped jun 12, 2013 created @ 11:50am, which said that i was supposed to show up at 2: 45pm on monday june 17, and that the appointment would last from 3pm-4pm.  so, now i don't even know if i screwed up somewhere or whether my perspective employer got the time
i only wish i deserved to have a romantic involvement with her. if i did i might try to purse such a thing. i only wish that i had the courage to ask her to marry me. i would love to see her face to face. she is a beautiful woman.
The kitten bit me on the head of my dick. i grabbed the kitten by the neck and threw it as hard as i could against the bookshelf. i drop a large, hardcover book on it, and go back to bed. when i wake up my girlfriend is over the kitten, crying. she doesn't know i did it, she thinks that the book fell and crushed the kitten. i feel like shit.
i'm typing this from my cube, my head hung in shame. i feel bad for the nice custodian who has to scrub it off later. even the huge amounts of tp i used to wipe did not scrub it away as it flushed. i just ran off, hoping no one saw me. i'm p sure they heard me flush twice since it's a small office.
The name trannie was a funny joke and she thought it was funny, but me being the person who doesn't filter before he acts decides to write in down on her mac case. Now she has to present something with her computer and the computer goes right in front of the teacher. as i'm typing this now the teacher is looking right at the writing and i know in dead soon or later.
i signed up for an online  "on demand " mcat course. it was expensive ($1700!) but useful because i could study on my own time. i'd been procrastinating a bit because i got panic attacks looking at my study books. still had to go through half the online material, and hadn't used the online practice tests yet.
i drank six shots of whip cream vodka in about 2 minutes. on the last sip, i had the misfortune of swallowing a vodka bubble. i tried to burp, but it came up as a little bit of vomit. 30 seconds later, i felt a train of puke coming up. i literally covered his dashboard, windshield, steering wheel, the entire front side of my body, my side window, and the floor. i will never live that down.
i closed the door to take a shower. i ended up finishing my shower and putting on my boxers and shirt on. i am on my way out and i realize the door is closed and it has no doorknob to open it with. now i am definitely going to be late for work so i call my boss and tell her the situation. she gets a kick out of it and it is ok with her. i only lost 20 minutes!
i was too stupid to realize at the time... and i should have known better. the ex-bf and i snuck off and we hooked up. i sucked his dick. but that was all. my best friend saw him in my car at the grocery store. she was a little curious... as she should be. we were able to get out of it, and then we both left in separate cars.
i very rarely drink coffee. i'm not entirely sure why, but i do. depending on the day, that reaction will range somewhere on the spectrum between fairly harmless to my very own circle of hell. today i was itchin' for a gamble and grabbed a mocha before work. all seemed well in westeros as i sipped it slowly throughout my shift. and then it started. at first, i was simply inconveniently queasy. but i was able to get home and start making dinner without too much hassle. it wasn't until i had heated a half inch of oil that the pain really began. i went from stirring mashed potatoes and frying schnitzel to
 "i took it right to the side of my head and shoulder, but i caught it!  my friend tells my my ear is bleeding and she checks it out "  "My ear is split deep into the cartilage.  i just turn my body away from it and throw my arms at it to attempt to catch a 30 mph changeup "
My friend and i are both english teachers in a small (relatively) in china. yesterday afternoon neither of us had work so we headed out for lunch, him riding an electronic bike (similar to a moped) and me on the back of it. we played for about an hour and a half, had 2 small bottles of beer each and decided to head back to get ready for an evening in the bar. my friend sees one such gap between two parked cars and goes for it. the gap was big enough for him, it was even just about bigenough for the bike, but it wasn't big enough. for me. my knee was cut open from just to the bottom
i had a tough quiz today, so i decided to treat myself to some taco bell. i figured even if it's the horrifying meat that makes redditors shit like they have cholera, the beans would at least give me some wicked farts. i waited a few hours, with no gastrointestinal distress. i received a text from a good friend i haven't seen in a while, asking if i wanted to have some girl time. i declined.
i'm studying abroad and not at all familiar with plants here. there was no bathroom so i asked the locals where to go and they pointed to this massive cliff/hill with a single tree separating me from everyone else. as i was peeing, my ass was on fire and itchy, as well as my hand. turns out, while squatting to pee, i brushed up against a poisonous plant. life lesson: look before you squat.
i don't think anything is broken, slight fracture possibly... i am a broken asshole. i was walking my dog at the park where i decided that my balance couldn't possibly fail me. i began walking down the log barriers near the bluffs of the park, to where said fuck up happened. thankfully instead of merely hopping off  early and continuing my journey, i proceeded to set my left foot onto the needle thin part of the log.
i'm currently sitting in my own piss hoping to get a break and change in my lunch break home. on friday me and the wife got these awesome nuts from walmart, has cashews and all the good ones. i'm addicted to nuts so i ended up eating all of them over the weekend. big mistakes since i've had the runs all weekend. so today i arrive to work and i have to poo, i decided to go for it and i'm not accustomed to public restrooms. so i'm pooping and i happens to be to close to the front and i pee as i release.
i've got stuff coming out my butthole that i've never seen before. but at least i haven't reset the counter. i don't know why i'm doing this. i've got nothing to do with it. i just want to get it over with.
A former girlfriend has been cheating on him with her best friend. He got mad at her for not showing him what she was doing on her phone. She admitted she was still sexting with that guy. He told her to pack her stuff, hand over the key to his house and get out. She refused.
i was very drunk and still not used to skinny jeans. i really had to pee and i couldn't get my member out and through the short zipper of the pants. my wife came in to find me with a distressed look on my face. in the end, my younger brother lent me some basketball shorts and i blacked out in my little sister's bed as my wife tried to change my clothes in the morning. now i wear skinny jeans with caution.
i had just come home after school expecting that my older brother to have mowed the lawn like he said he would the night before. so i told my dad and mum that i would do it. i pull the mower out of the shed and get the canister of petrol, paying no attention to my actions i unscrew the cap off the oil tank and begin pouring petrol in. i end up putting quite alot of petrol in, fix the cap back on and start the mowers. it is working fine for 4 minutes but in that 4 minutes it is just puffing out smoke continuously and clicking in an odd manner.
i'm talking lumpy, vomit inducing yoghurt ruining my hard efforts. managed to scoop all the bad stuff out but broke the masher in anger. so i'm stood there over the sink, rinsing what is left in the pan to ensure its edible, when i decided it would be just as will to crush them in my hands. this was to be soon known all too well to my poor scolded fingers.
i pierced my pants in two placed, stabbed my sack, my taint, and my butthole as i instinctually rolled backwards to alleviate the pressure on my body. fortunately for me, the fence was just high enough so that i couldn't reach the ground with my feet. the fence nearly went up my butt and actually gave me some really nice gouges near my anus. i nearly passed out from the pain, but luckily i didn't tear the sack.
The legend at my school is that everyone's favorite coach had sex with this girl who was possibly the hottest girl to have come through our town ever. well 4 years have passed and im a junior now. i have a class taught by a coach, and we have a pretty good rapport. well one day after class we're talking and i ask if the legend is true. he pauses a second looks me in the eye and says no. i respond by saying  "damn.... this feel the same as being told santa isn't real ". his eyes got really big and my friend who was behind me gasped. i said something about being late and just bailed.
i'm so pissed at myself for doing something i damn well know better not to do. haven't had any snow here in chicago for a damn long time until yesterday. so i went out to the shed - to start a snowblower that hadn't run for 18 months. big unit, 24 " mouth, self drive with a 5hp engine. its about 8f outside.
My mother was in a mood. a certain mood i know well, a mood that drives her to clean. so after deciding my room as her target, she begins to tear in with me by her side. she was going full honey badger, digging through everything, but i believed i had nothing to hide. then, turning away from a pile i was sorting, i see her leaning over my bed, picking up the one dark item in my room. in my mothers hand was a crusty, smelly sock that i had been fapping into for nearly a month.
This is probably one of my dumbest fuck ups i had ever made. There were only a few days left of my strength training class before first semester ended. My teacher had decided to have the class play a game of kickball rather than lifting. to score all you had to do was kick the ball and run from home to second base (the opposite wall), and back.
i had to take a monster dump earlier in the day, and felt like i hadn't crapped in days. when i arrived, the restroom was cleared. the shit was immaculate, and i felt so much lighter afterwards. i went to wipe, and in my favor, the paper was stainless. so much so, i felt i could set it out for the next person. i didn't feel the toilet paper, and instead felt a small collection of dingle berries fall down my leg and into my shoe. i couldn't live with myself the rest of the day.
i live on the west coast of canada, so in my province the legal drinking age is 19. naturally, on my 19th birthday, my girlfriends and i head out to a classy restaurant with a bar vibe. by the 2nd bellini and 2nd shot, i'm good and hammered. we head back to my best girlfriends house to dance, and a huge glass of wine,a shot and a beer are consumed. at this point i'm the most sloshed i've ever been, and throwing up over her deck. my best friends boyfriend hauls me over to the toilet, i actually pee on him while i puke, and they put me to bed.
i am from the united states but i am studying in florence for the semester. on my spring break i just traveled around italy by train. as i was getting ready to leave naples i went to the train station to get a ticket from one of the self service machines. i was not there for 10 seconds when a man walks up to me and asks if i speak italian. he goes through the menu of the machine and enters a special code and gets my ticket for 10 euro instead of 68. he then demands that i pay him part of the difference because he saved me a bunch of money. i gave him like 35 euro which was all the cash i had with me
A friend's mother asked me to drive her to phoenix to pick some furniture up from her friend bill's house. Upon arrival, i discovered bill's shopping list stuck to his fridge. i took it upon myself to add one, like i do. i found a sharpee, and added  "50 lbs monkey chow. " bill was so mad, he fired her on the spot, and now i feel just awful.
i posed under my cousins accounts, since i didn't have my own paypal. i have all of his details, but he took pictures of me during the show and threatened to send them to family and workmates. i'm sure i managed to scare they guy off with his real info, but seriously hoping he doesn't send nudes of me to her friends, workmates and our family.
i joined because so many people that i've talked to recently have been saying positive things about the site and citing positive experiences. everyone has just been like,  "what do you have to lose? "  "you should totally try it out! " i've now been on the site for roughly 8 hours, and all i feel is creepy. i don't even have a problem meeting girls, or getting dates, orgetting laid. ugh.
i'm a big fan of day[9]. not really for his starcraft commentaries, but more on how he tells stories so well! i'm browsing /r/day9, and then spot this nsfw link called: first episode of elfen lied as narrated by day9. i watch through the whole thing, listening to day9's beautiful explanation of an anime that i would never see myself watching. then i realize. i love day9 and i'm going to watch more of his shit, and his friend's shit. i switch over to youtube.com and start searching stuff up. i just watched videos that feature many sexual innuendos as well as porn
i was about seven months pregnant with my twins and happily enjoying some fried rice with my husband on the couch. Out of no where a wild single grain of rice appears in my mouth just as i took a breath. i proceed to make yet another offering to the porcelain god. if that couldn't get any worse i then pee myself (thanks girls) so much there is now a yellow lake in our bathroom. all my husband could do was just stand at the door with a look of utter shock.
i just got off of work and i was going to the gym. i was coming up to a traffic light and it turned green, i was still a few yards back so i didn't have to come to a complete stop. the cars at the light started to move but not as fast as i thought, i hit the brakes, didnt stop in time, and smash. right into the back of this guys car. my car literally took all of the damage. i mean i only drive a 1989 buick century, but i love my car and have to put out a couple hundred to fix the grill and bumper.
i was in my office and i (thought) had to fart. i was pretty sure it was silent to i deiced to let 'er loose. it wasn't silent.  it was diarrhea. all over my underpants and pants. i has no change of underwear. i ended up pretending to be sick and left.
i was walking out of the school library with my sister. we're pretty brutal when we joke with each other, so when i asked her if she wanted to go get lunch with me, she replied,  "no, you don't need to eat. you're fat. "i rolled my eyes, and said,  "yeah. *so* fat. "
i was staying over at my boy friend's place this weekend. All night my stomach hurt and i couldn't figure out why. monday morning i woke up before him and thought i'd go for a shower first. i got this urge to go take a shit but i ignored it thinking  "i can hold it. i'll just go when i go for my shower " and i went to go get my change of clothes and too see what we could make for breakfast. as i was heading back to the bathroom i could feel a fart coming. i tried to hold it but it wasn't enough. and there it was. a fart. except this was no regular fart. oh no non
 "i was actually on the up swing with the first soft thing i felt on the floor when the supposed wadded shirt decided to explode into her pissed off poodle. in my post-orgasm stupidity i sling the seemingly rabid goddamn poodle at her at the speed of light. this gremlin in disguise smashes into her face with the force of a mike tyson punch "
The solution contained 3% hydrogen peroxide, and came with a specific set of instructions to use it without the burning or stinging happening. It's been almost a full day and my eye is still a little bloodshot. i put a few drops on my contact and proceeded to put it in my eye. next thing you know my eye was burning with the fury of 1000 suns. My eye was completely red.
i accidentally plugged the headphones adapter into the usb heard and saw sparks and short circuited my laptop. so i slept on the couch last night because a friend stayed over. i'd woken up first and wanted to watch some freaks and geeks, so i went upstairs to grab a pair of headphone so i wouldn't wake anyone up with the volume, because it was dark.
i managed to pester a friend into letting me stay at her house in another city while she is away. She has been sort of iffy on the whole thing, but i have a job that pays here and i need the cash, so i made it all happen.  "the housemates don't like me " she says.  "you'd better be good " she tells me.  "don't get me thrown out " she adds.
About 20 minutes ago i decided to take a shot of this delicious whiskey. as it goes down my throat i realize that it is very warm, and then i am unable to breathe. next thing i notice this awfully smelling liquor pouring out of my mouth all over my chin, chest, hands, floor. i run to the sink and almost puke. it burns and my eyes are tearing. the smell of the whiskey makes it even worse. now i no longer have any desire to drink more or have a cigarette.
i ate half a pint today. i know...not a big deal, but i'm trying to lose weight. i started a couple of weeks ago and have lost around 8 or 9 lbs.  i'll do better in the future, and for the most part, my self control is getting better. i'm just irritated with myself more than anything.
cici's isn't the best but it is cheap and all you can eat. everything was great, including the food. but later on at home i start getting a rumbly in my tumbly that would make winnie the pooh cuss and let's just say it wasn't a pleasant bathroom visit. now it's 1am, i'm at work (a night auditor) and i just left the restroom feeling like my was dante and he had just traveled through the 7 levels of hell.
i was using a smartphone app as a remote control for the roku. i reached down with my pinky to press the keyboard button for her. somehow, by the gods that organize photos on cell phones, two pictures popped up on the phone. in the dick pic it was pointing toward the camera, like something you might expect to come with 3d glasses.
i left my shoes in the gym and brought them home in my bag. i never really wear them because they're slippers and i'm mostly in tennis shoes. stood up and the sock popped open like a grape, i thought it was food so i took my slipper off, reached in, and pulled out a dead mouse. needless to say, a mental breakdown followed.
i just couldn't seem to catch a break today; i u2019d had a poor day with my dad again, realised that i might be late for college (english college i live with my parents). it was starting at 4pm today so i went to catch the bus. i managed to get on the wrong bus, i was about 3 or 4 stops in the wrong direction before i even noticed. while i wait for the next bus a really hot girl walks over and starts waiting at the stop with me. i look at her, she looks at me, i smile, she smiles back! big thing for me. needless to say i got off that bus with my head hung in shame
This is the third time i have had to pay for it to be fixed. first time for water damage (dropped it down the toilet) second for smashed glass (fell out of my pocket while i was running) and now because i wanted to get my iphone extra squeeky clean. it costs  u00a3100 with my warranty and i don't think i even have that anymore. wtf is wrong with apple, they protect everything but water damage.
After many talks of trying to convince my gf to swallow my load, she finally agreed to try. She plopped my dick out of her mouth and accidentally aimed it right up towards me. As i watch i horror, all i could do was turn my face and wait for the inevitable. The largest hitting me on my temple right next to my eye, the second wad hit the corner of my lip and the third up in my hair and ear!
i found myself masturbating at roughly 2:00 am, knowing that i'd be getting up at 7:00am. when i opened up my laptop, kagney linn carter was on the verge of bursting her vocal cords while getting  "missionarily " pummeled by some random, large-dicked male. i think she was moaning about how big his dick was, and how much she liked big dicks. i quickly went for the mute hotkey on my keyboard, and then started rustling around in some papers while i popped on a soft pandora channel.
 tifu at the san jose sharks game by flipping my boyfriend's hat around so that it was backwards. when he proceeded to flip it around, i said (very loudly)  "oh, you're not going to be that douchebag with the hat backwards?! " i then looked down at the people diagonal to us and one of them had his hat backwards. and the game hasn't even started yet.
i had the brilliant idea of reaching a hand down the back of my pants and spreading my ass cheeks to lessen the amount of pressure it would require to fart. needless to say, my plan backfired in an explosive fashion, and my hand found itself covered in a watery brown syrup of disappointment. i was then forced to stand up and walk out of my room to the bathroom, head hanging low as i pondered where in life i had gone wrong.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots. Visit www.dailymail.co.uk/Travel.
A friend randomly said  "you know what the co-founder of reddit did? kinda tried that "  "Immediately i was spouting all this crap about everything to do with trying to make him feel better, then he says  "oh i meant the business, but thanks... lol "  "felt like such a tool "
i was in the computer lab listening to a lecture/doing a project when i hear my professor  "no we keep on going. there are no brakes " well as any redditor who has been to r/imgoingtohellis i finished his sentence out loud but i thought it was only for me to hear.  well after saying  "on the rape train " now all of the people around me think i'm a creep and wont even look at me.
i don't know why i did it, other than hormones. he is everything i hate in a guy and i've never considered myself to be a slut before. yes he is cute and flirtatious, but that's never been an issue. i didn't realize i had such a lack of morals.. that i could be such a whore..
A 21-year-old college student sleepwalks in his girlfriend's house. His girlfriend finds him in the kitchen putting pillows in the oven saying  "the clown has no penis " He has no idea what he is going to say to his girlfriend about the incident.
Pizza delivery girl stole  u00a360 from a pizza store. She was caught on CCTV giving the pizzas away without a payment. The manager is going to bring the police into this. The woman has since paid up, and the manager has agreed to pay the full amount back.
i'm not entirely sure how, or why it happened but we ended up kissing, all the while my girlfriend is slaving away as a cashier at wal-mart. i instantly regretted it post kiss, and my friend did too. we both said it happened, and we said it  "never happened ".   Then this morning i awaken to a message saying how much of a bad idea it all was. i will never be able to live this down, or forgive myself for it. i feel like i need to do something to magically fix it all.
My dad had to pay some bills and he asked to use my laptop. He opened my laptop and there, full screen was porn. This really isn't a big deal because i am out, but it was really embarrassing and all i could do was slam my laptop shut, turn beat red and laugh.
i swear to god i felt like the only single guy there. went with a group of friends and out of the 7 of us, i was the only unmarried one. well, a friend of my friend showed up for like an hour, he was single, but he left quick. everywhere i looked were boyfriend/girlfriend or husband /wife couples. then i run into my ex-brother-in-law and his family.... which reminded me of going to the fair with them and his ex-wife. this fucking sucks. i wish i hadnt gone.
My housemates dog rarely gets walked and isn't trained, but whenever i walk her my housemate gets shitty with me and bitches about how it's her dog and blah blah blah.anyway, so i was outside having a smoke and the dog stood up and grabbed the tabletop and started licking it. i have no idea what she was going for but i tried to push her off it with my right hand. the table started sliding across the floor so i reached further and somehow managed to jam my cigarette, which was in my left hand, directly onto my right wrist. so now i have a lovely cigarette burn on my wrist. hooray.
i always amused i could eat anything. dropped food on the floor, i'll eat it. burn it, i will eat it - i'll even eat meat are and it's never so much as phased me. today i found bread with the beginning of mold. it was the only bread i had so i toasted it, and ate it. now i wanna throw up.
 "i've been married to your daughter for a while now and you have no right to talk to me like that "  "i don't feel bad that they got their feelings hurt because they deserved it "  "Now my relationship with my in-laws will probably get even worse, which makes my life more difficult and my wife sad "
i was halfway through a movie when i felt the urge that our ancestors have felt for the last few millennia. i held it for a long time and then decided i would be bad ass and hold it until the ending credits, at which point i would sprint upstairs and give my bladder a break.  "just 10 more minutes " i thought to myself.
My cousin and i are in the process of moving him out of his apartment. We decided to take his dog for a ride with us into newark. He handed me the key from letting him drive earlier. As he got into the car, he checked for his house key and cigarettes. He had neither. He went back up to the house only to realize that the front door was locked.
i have asthma, and this at 3.00 a.m. this morning, i had an attack. i went to use my inhaler, and when i used it, i swallowed about 3/4's of the spray. that may not seem bad, but a common side effect of inhalers is nausea, or upset stomach. usually, you would vomit if you swallowed too much. so i got back in bed and tried to fall asleep, when all of the sudden, i felt the worst stomach pain in my life, and i knew i was about to have to flood my toilet.
 "i figured if so many pornstars do it then it couldn't be that bad right? wrong.  it got all over my eyes and burned like a motherfucker. now my eyes are red, hurt like hell, and my eyelashes are encrusted with semen. every time i blink i feel the throbbing shame "
i've always had chemistry with his sister, who'm is a year younger than i. over periods of time, we started talking but never really resorted in anything else. previously, i was over at his house, and we all indulged ourselves with seven and seven (alcohol mix drink) as the night went on, we got incredibly intoxicated. long story short, my friend went inside to pass out, while his sister and i went into their pool to fool around. i feel i completely betrayed our friendship due to this encounter; he doesn't know anything about it.
i was preparing burgers and i had a couple habaneros left over. so i figured i might as well add a little kick and dice some habanero into the patties. within a minute i was sweating profusely trying to hold back to my friends the fact that i'm in the most intense pain of my life. it was as if someone had ravaged my genitals with needles, rubbed in a tube of icy hot , and then proceeded to light my crotch on fire. i kid you not i was literally rendered useless, the only thing my brain was able to process was misery. the gut-wrenching pain lasted for almost two and a half hours and all i could
 "i am nigger. " multiple times. i unleashed the full force of my pale hairy body and climbed into bed with my dad. he was awoken by the clumsy attempt to get comfortable, and proceeded to ask me what the actual fuck i was doing and ordered me to go to bed. at this point, i'm pretty drunk and completely disregard time, i vaguely remember leaving and after that everything is gone.
i went to the family doctor for a meningitis vaccination. i brought up how i never ate or drank anything just in case. the doctor was like  "hey, that's a good opportunity to get some bloodwork done " i told him that i would be more comfortable with asking my mom about it, and the doctor said that i could also do it at a later date. strike one was not telling him i could call/text her immediately.
Long story short, going at it from behind, pull out to finish and she had her head turned sideways (face down ass up aww yeah)...somehow manage to go over her ass and directly into her eye. i probably couldn't do it twice if you gave me 1000 tries.
i did a time trial on a bicycle. it's a race against the clock, no drafting other people, go at your own pace by yourself. there is a 1 minute gap between every rider at the start, so to catch someone your time would have to be 1 minute faster than theirs. the course is an idyllic 10 km (6 mile) seaside loop, around which you do 2 laps. i was feeling good, and i wanted to keep my average speed above 40 km/h.
My mother called a teacher from my old elementary school to talk to me about being gay. The teacher is gay, he is probably the only gay person my mom knows, so that's why he was called. My mother never apologized for what happened or even said anything about it after mr. d left.
i had a meeting at work with my analysis group and another analysis group of about 5. when we walked in and chose our seats, i decided to choose the seat right next to the projector. at first it was fine, the meeting was interesting so i was involved in that.  as it went on my mind started to wander and i started noticing that the projector's fan has been blowing its warm air onto me this entire time. as the minutes passed i was noticing it more and more until i decide to just turn the projector in the other direction so the warm air wouldn't be hitting my face anymore. as i did this, the screen pointed onto one of my coworkers and everyone kind of
This is the story of a man who got 2nd degree sunburn. The sunburn is so bad that his skin is so tight that whenever he takes a step, blood pressure builds in his foot, and pushes against his skin causing unfathomable pain. He will be missing about 4 days of work and approximately $177.67 of payment.
i bought parts for a new pc a few weeks ago. i have been having way too many problems with my motherboard. i tried to put the protective case over the pins and smashed half of them and broke a few off. it's now worthless. the warranty on the board is void if the pins are bent, and there is really no way in fixing it without buying a new board. my parents were already not thrilled that i spent my extra summer job money on this.
i have a schnauzer-poodle mix who is blind. she's having a rough time because she is blind and we just moved. everything is in disarray and she is having a hard time finding her way around the house. i walk the dog up and down the block, and a few blocks over while we are waiting. in the end she is blindly trying to find her way back to the front door cause she is cold and ready to go inside too.
My mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye. she wont beleive me it was an accident. although the girls have some very nice bottoms to say the least. i can't stand my mom thinking i'm a freak!
The last thing i remember was taking a knee while somebody poured vodka into me, and winning a game of beer-pong. i'm officially quitting drinking after tonight. i was trying to find a pencil to budget what i had left, and i found the rest of it in my utilities drawer. i guess drunk me has a sense of humor.
i was growing closer and closer to her as we spent more time together but something happened today that made me want to say that we wouldn't work out together in a relationship. i strung her along and i feel that i broke her heart. so amanda i'm sorry. that's all i can and will say.
i was at a school competition today, and my mom brought me a peanut butter and banana sandwich. after a few bites, i felt a sour taste on my tongue. i spent the next half hour feeling like i was going to throw up. when i got home took a horrible shit. worst thing i've eaten in awhile.
i woke up this morning about 1 am, my head pounding furiously like the beating of drums. i crawled my way over to my parent's room and woke my mom up, because she has gigantic elephant strength ibuprofen pills. that, unfortunately, i always barf when i have migraines. lo and behold, i upchuck acid and other shit, and like magic some of that shit *came out my nose*. after that i just kinda fell asleep in the chair and i don't remember anything else after that.
A coworker said something funny that caused another coworker to spit out the water she was drinking all over her desk. This caused me to laugh and made me nearly spit my own beverage out all over *my* desk. luckily, i had an empty coffee cup handy, so i spit into that instead of trying to swallow it and having it shoot out of my nose.
i just discovered today, after two weeks of running *every single day* that c25k program only requires you to run three times a week. i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i am going to take a day off tomorrow too. i just discovered that after running every single day for two weeks, the c 25k program is only required to be ran three times per week.
The asian man was right next to us the whole time and jet down the up escalator. felt bad the rest of the night and still do. i then remember that the asianMan was right beside us the entire time. and jet off down the down escalator and down the stairs.
i was sitting here on the computer drinking copious amounts of coffee and started feeling a little bit hungry and thought to have a snack. not feeling like making anything, it had to be quick and ready to eat. over on the table next to me sat a few habenero peppers, so i decided to eat them. they're not filling so i'm still hungry at this point, but now it feels like somebody is punching my gut from the inside. i have a hemorrhoid. i'm scared.
i dropped my laptop on the floor and it could not boot, nor safemode or anything i try to do it won't turn on. so i brought it to a friend of ours that fixes hardware. he can see d drive only and my systems file is so corrupted that none of my files can be recovered. now i just want to die.
i was in a video call with a male friend. He had muted his sound because his sister was watching tv in the same room. i began to pick my nose. Afterwards i realized how sweaty i was (the room was really warm, ok?) so i sniffed my armpit. i tabbed back into the window accidentally, straight after, and then realized what i had just been doing.
The pot exploded sending hot shit water everywhere, including my pants. It scared me so that i yanked the coffee pot up for some reason thinking an elevated coffee pot would stop the flow of hot coffee from the two openings smacking the holster sending coffee grinds all over including my face.
i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope i don't get fired. ...which resulted in a load of batch jobs on 30 servers failing to run overnight. It was the result of a change that was not approved by the company.
i have been dating this girl for a few months and i thought it was time to trim the bush,  so to speak. got home and started to remove hair as normal,  but started to rush as i have to go somewhere tonight. then suddenly a shock of pain shot through me, and i look down to find i have cut my ballsack along that ridge bit between the two halves. it's stopped bleeding now so i finished the rest as best i could. hopefully sex tonight isnt too painful :/
My ex and his friend came over to my apartment for a few drinks, and they came over already drunk. soon, my ex collapsed on my bed, and his friends soon after. i managed to get his friend to sleep on a mattress on the floor, and i tried to get my ex to get up and sleep next to his friend. he refused, saying he wanted to sleep in my bed.soon enough we were making out, and we got...handsy with each other while his friend was in the same room. and i didn't think to check if his friend had indeed passed out.
i recently just finished my summer class and have been waking up pretty late, usually around 9-10am. at around 2pm i am feeling very hungry and look through the kitchen for some grub. i had the choice of frozen pizza, pb & j, or mac and cheese. anyway, i opted for the frozen pizza. i have three slices and put a good amount of pepper flakes on two of the slices. but then i think,  "i'm feeling pretty badass why not put flakes on all three slices! " little did i know my daredevil decision would leave my butthole in agony.
i installed itunes, and somewhere between opening it and dropping my entire 15 gb music folder onto the window, itunes freaks the fuck out. i hold my thumb over it's face until it goes black. back on. i run a boot scan and find out.three whole files in the itunes folder are corrupt.
Since i don't have a car, let alone a driver's licence yet, naturally i'd have to take the bus. i'd always done this while taking the school bus, and i felt confident the gps would be able to tell me when i needed to get off. unfortunately, i hadn't set up all the location options, so it lagged quite a bit. by the time we made it to my stop, i only noticed just as the driver was departing once again.
i've recently been having random bouts of sleepwalking. i've never had problems with it, though i am a restless sleeper. it's happened three or four times in the past six months or so and usually i will gradually wake up while doing some arbitrary things like emptying trash bins or washing my hands in the kitchen. then, as i come to, i am usually confused and don't remember what i was doing before or why i was suddenly compelled to do so.
i usually drink a smoothie in the morning for breakfast before i leave for campus. this morning was no different, and i decided to blow a bubble in my very full smoothie. approximately 5 seconds later there's purple goo goes all over the counter and in my face and eyes. after cleaning up the fruit and juice ectoplasm from the surrounding area, getting everything out of my eyes, i realized that i needed to leave for class. i showed up late with bloodshot eyes, and now everyone thinks that i'm the class stoner =(
 "i got excited in the heat of the moment and told b i like her too "  "i don't like b anymore, but b likes me even more and i don't wanna crush her feelings "  "a and b are really close friends. if i crush b's heart, a would never even look at me "
This was 3 days ago, i hadn't driven the car very much at all between today and the accident. Now i need to fix my transmission, alignment, sway bar, and a variety of other small fixes for which i do not have the money for. i didn't think it was necessary to get the ladies insurance information after the accident and now my college bound budget is paying the price.moral of the story: always get the other drivers insurance information, no matter how small the accident, because it could end up saving you lots of money and time in the future.
i'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. i'm 25-years-old and had. to call his wife to Bring a Pair of Pants and Underwear to Me at Work.
As an underage boy, i couldn't go to the shop and buy some beer so i had to scout around the house to find some sufficient alcohol. i stumble upon an un-opened liter bottle of jd. jackpot! i meet with friends to get the bus, her family had put on a minibus 'cause they live in the middle of fucking no where! by the time the bus had arrived, i had already consumed a good 1/4 of the bottle. feeling a little drunk already. i somehow had brought an inflatable palm tree on the bus with me. so we set off home, taking the piss out of each other and what not.
i can't help but laugh at my stupidity. guess i am using my parents extremely slow laptop to continue filling out job applications. i am 19 and have been trying for months to get a damn job and with no luck. apparently having my own car and telling them i am available weekends, nights, holidays, as many hours as you need me, etc. isn't enough.
i thought i was getting paid this week. not next. i ended up putting most of the rest of my check into my bills and food. so, i'm left with almost no money until next week. dammit... i hate living check to check.edit: to explain... i've paid one bill and got food and spent frivilous money on other stuff. i'm the one out of my partner and i who have a job. so we don't have money for gas or rent.
i was in a plane heading to amsterdam. i have a middle seat, on my right a old asian guy, and on my left a black guy who looks like he belongs to a gang. on my tv screen i'm watching django. during one of the whipping scenes i remember a extremely funny racist joke and i laughed out loud. i see the black guy glancing at my screen in curiosity which i see gradually turn to extreme anger. i then feel his eyes drilling a hole in the side of my head for the rest of the flight. i beeline for the restroom and hide there for 15 minutes.
i set my ipad on top so i can strap my son in the carseat. needless to say going down the road doing 55 and my wife goes  "did you leave something on top of the car? " so we turn around and there's my ipads on the blacktop...update: sorry guys was at a gig and couldn't update. the ipad was fine i just need to get another survivor case which got wrecked.
A few years back i started a relationship with the most amazing girl i have ever met. close to that time, i got a little flirty with a friend of mine but we ended it pretty quickly. long story short, it turns out my dream girl knew the whole time. i told her tonight and our future is now uncertain.
My bedroom light acted as a beacon for over 500 flies and they were swarming on the ceiling. My mom is petrified in fear, my sister just bails and my dad is just scratching his head wondering how the hell i managed this. After an hour and burnt out vacuum belt i finally got the situation under control.
i had been friendly at work with managers in another department who were still technically supervisors to me. This meant no fraternization because to them i was  "staff " even though we are close in age. After i gave my two weeks one of the managers and i are in private and he says to me,  " good thing about you not working here anymore is now we can *talk*... "i was caught off guard and laughed it off, but i was flattered. Then i remembered he was married, so i thought nope. But i replied to his texts (after i moved onto my new job) against my better judgement. He said he just wanted to talk, and talk he
i work for a package delivery company and this day ended up being one of those days. i was doing a route i didn't know, had one of the crappiest trucks in our fleet, and i was running behind the moment i left our building. in my haste to make up time, i forgot to do 2 things: make sure the front wheels were turned towards the curb and not towards the street.
 "i hate flies. i'm outside, enjoying a view from my friends house (he threw a party) and drinking my soda. however, this fly to come and buzz around my drink and lands on the lid of my soda and its contaminated. i start to get up to wash it, but i decide it would be nice to kill this fly first "
 "i run my mouth about how much he annoys me, which he kinda does, but not to the extent my drunk ass went off on. i finish up my wonderful roast of him only to turn in my seat and see him behind me "  "now the dude and his wife, who works at my favorite bar, think...no, know i'm a dick "
well its my time of the month and mother nature just knocked on the door. well lets say i am a women who loves the pubes. likes to have them trimmed/cut and simple. ha well i sat through class wondering why my  "lady parts " felt unusual and rather sticky. and just plain out weird, i wont get into detail.
i was helping my older friend clean her house for some easy cash. i noticed a picture on her fridge as i was cleaning her dishes. it was a guy's senior picture, so he was about my age when it was taken. i asked my friend, jokingly, if she had his number and if he was single. she then turned to me with a solemn expression and said,  "that's my nephew. he graduated high school last year and went hiking with some friends before they left for college, and died " ...oops...
i went missing for over two years before i returned to her due to personal reasons. well since i decided hey she actually waited why not give her a chance and bring her to meet my friends to gather opinions. well it all went well on that day and since it was an island resort(i paid everything for her and god heavens it wasn't cheap considering i was on a part-time job and studying) as i gathered opinions from my friends they all said she was fine/cute/too hot for me ect ect. fast forward two weeks later i found out she was secretly texting one of the guy friends of mine that she met at the island resort and somehow i managed to forgive her
The phone started to ring. after taking off my headphones i performed my running ritual. i tripped a little and heard a loud pop. not worrying about the noise at the time i picked up the phone, only to be harassed by silly telemarketers. after i hung the phone up i return to see what made the loud pop noise. turns out that i tripping on my headphones cord, ripping it. my headphone cord has been completely separated from the jack that i put in my computer.$150 down the drain.
i for one have a hard time believing 95% of the shit submitted on this subreddit. i'd like to formally push for a  "pics or it didn't happen policy " to be enacted and enforced with vehemence. i dont want to seem like a dick, but you guys probably all are, so i quess it;s really a non-issue.
i haven't seen my gf in a while (few months) so i've kinda just letting my mane rage pretty hard. i finally had a date lined up tonight so i was like yeah might as well manscape a little bit. well i normally do it with just a hand razor in the shower (ballsy i know), but this time i should just use this small set of scissors. little did i know this would be life changing and has now changed the way i will manscape for the rest of my life. here's the fuck up: i'm basically done and getting a little fast and loose with the scissors, which is when i cut my sack pretty good. it
i've been a virgin for so fucking long. too long. so naturally, when the opportunity came to have intercourse, i over thought things to a grave and dark extent. i researched for hours the proper blowjob etiquette, and somewhere along my research, i read that pineapple can make your semen taste sweet. i thought *well i'll be damned if i don't have the sweetest cum in the western hemisphere by this weekend.* i drove to the store, bought 5 gallons of pineapple juice and 6 raw pineapples. i had 4 days to prepare.
i broke my jaw and fractured the lower part of my sine. the pain was unbearable, i felt like my lungs were punctured from that fall. i jump ontop of the ball and slamming into the ground. i was in the middle of playing dodgeball with 20 other people. the ball was thrown at my legs so my first instinct was to jump over the ball. nope. i jumped on top of it.
i was pretty drunk and decided to piss into an empty beer cup. didn't really have a plan for what i was going to do with it, maybe trick someone into taking a sip of it, i don't know, i'm an asshole. i actually held it in my mouth for a split second, in disbelief, and then spit it out. at least it was my own piss.
My friend likes porn so i decided to go to his house to see what he was up to. As i entered his room to my surprise it wasn u00b4t a film as i thought. His gf was over and they were f**king.moral of the story is: always ask your friend if anybody is over before you go to their house.
i now have terrible whiplash and cannot look down at my daughter when she sits in my lap. she's getting grumpy because she thinks i'm not paying attention to her. i try to do the hair flippy thingy, where you 'flick' your neck quickly, to get it out of my eyes.
 "i have 18 minutes to get to an interview for a job that's going to increase my pay by ~20%. how the fuck did i let this happen? "  "liquid brown " was its name.  "Liquid brown " smells like raw sewage. can't shake hands with shit on my finger "
90 drunk high school kids ran about tearing shit up trying to have a 'project x' experience. of course the cops got called, luckily they were extremely nice and didn't give a single mic or me any fines. However the conversation with my parents didn't go over well so i now no longer will be attending the out of state college i  earlier planned on, prom, or graduation parties.
The nexus doesn't have and actual sd card, it's just internal memory. even after deletion the files still appeared on my pc so i restarted the phone which i think cemented my loss of music, photos, important documents, etc. so i have a galaxy nexus phone that i should really backup more often.
i figured this out now and ofc. deleted the pictures. now i can only hope nobody actually was visiting dropbox lately. (even though i know several who use db regualery). what too doooo...?  u00a0i don't know what to do.
i'm a 16 year old girl and i'm quite small. like any lazy day i was just downing a total of two whole packs (12 in each pack) of these sugar-free mints called breathsavers. in about an hour i was getting that terrible gurgly sound from the deep depths of my stomache. everyone has had this sound at least one time in their life and we all know that it is the universal have-to-shit calling.
The exam was worth 50% of the final grade. The class codes were exactly the same, with the exception of one letter being switched with another. My prof e'mailed me back and said i can still do the exam! Update: So my prof e-mailed me back to say i could still do it.
i was sitting on my couch eating a pear and decided to throw the pear into garbage from where i was sitting. i flung the pear core at the garbage but apparently i'm not basketball player so the core bounced off the ceiling and hit a couple other objects before landing unceremoniously on the ground. i looked up at where the pear had hit the ceiling to see a green streak. so i decided to get out the cleaner and get rid of the stain. turns out blue coloured cleaner and a white ceiling aren't best of friends so as i was scrubbing the pear streak off the ceilings it started leaving a blue tinge in the paint. i thought that since it was just a
i've had some problems with my arm recently, and this was the breaking point. i butchered the pitch totally, and it flew at our dugout. i was shouting every curse word i've known, and apparently, that's grounds for suspension in the ihsa. so, on top of the possibility of never throwing a ball again, i'm suspended for two games.
i was rushing while in the shower and put shampoo in my hands to wash my hair and rubbed it on my face because i might be retarded. i was helen keller for a good five minutes. i think i might have been retarded too. i don't think i was retarded at all.
My teacher asked a question about a video game made in japan titled  "rapeplay " where the goal of the game is to rape girls. he then explained that it was completely legal, and our class was obviously uncomfortable about the game. he asked why that should be illegal, and call of duty should be legal. i answered that since it is harder to get illegal guns than it is in the usa so the game was more realistic to japanese people and thats why they were comfortable with it. what i meant was, americans are more desensitized to guns so thats why north america is more comfortable with games based on that subject.
i work in a university theatre, and today, there was an unexplained ladder in our studio theatre. i climbed it, and could not determine why it was there. so i climbed down. as i was descending, i felt a prickling inmy arms. when i got to the bottom, they felt like they were on fire. i ran to the bathroom and ran cold water over them, but it felt as if there were tiny shards of something embedded all over my arms.  after washing them twice more, and putting on a soothing lotion, and taking benadryl, they are bright red, covered with tiny angry bumps, and. it hurts to touch anything.
Recently i have been caught at my school with alcohol, which in turn made some my friends kind of sketched out, and i lost some of my friends. the ones that were left i made a promise that i would stay clean for a while. well, a few weeks passed and i was staying clean, spring break came, and of course i partied, plus it was my birhday, but i didn't really go to hard. well today, on this friday, i have a radio show. and i decided to smoke some grass before i went on. well after i left to go smoke and came back, i was smelling up the radio room, so i decided that
i've been bulimic for a while and in order to hide the teeth marks, i tried to use other instruments to trigger my gagging. i started throwing up but using (unwrapped) tampons. one day i swallowed a little bit but thought nothing of it. a bit farther into it i just gulped it whole all of a sudden. it was awful because i could feel the plastic at the back of my throat, but i couldn't get a grip on it to pull it out.
i was emptying the dishwasher, and among the load was the head of our electronic meat fork. rather than checking that the contacts are completely dry, i stuck it right in. instead of giving off a beep, the device, which initially showed dashes, shut completely off just about immediately, and wouldn't turn on after that.i planned to make arrangements to buy a replacement off of amazon, and hold off the confession until it arrived. my brother, on the otherhand, spilled the beans asap. to my relief, they did not seem mad at all. the device was only $20, and they would get a replacement on their next trip to bed, bath
i was about to give my roommate a ride to work this morning but i needed to check the coolant level in my car first. Initially i didnt notice i put them down in the wrong spot. After 15 minutes of fidgeting around under my bumper i was able to barely hook them and another 10 minutes of wiggling, get them out. However kevin's boss didnt want to believe the story as to why he was late to work.
i scraped my face kind of bad, and she scraped her arm and her leg quite nastily too. her mom thought it was funny but shit, i felt embarrassed and sad because i hurt her. we capsized in a kayak about two weeks before, about a hundred and fifty yards out, in freezing water with big waves, kind of my fault for not warning her. when she went home i went to the party with my friends and a mark, just to the side of my left eye. i had to change clothes because my white shirt was full of algi and my new pants were not exactly new anymore. so i sung at about 02:00 in the morning
i was talking to my brother about how somebody at a popular panel for an expo did the truffle shuffle. i jokingly demonstrated. and i had to explain. my brother asked what it was, and i explained it to him. he then asked me to show him how it was done.
i am a very trusting person by nature. repeatedly in the past i have had people fuck me over and use that trust to get what they want from me. i'm also a bit of a masochist and my guy and i frequently engage in rough/dangerous activities to get our jollies. now i'm with a great guy who is nothing but wonderful to me. he does his best to take care of me and teach me new things every day and is an all around wonderful person. however there is this one issue he has been trying to help me with, trusting people to much. he always tells me i shouldn't blatantly trust anyone, not even him, like i do
i thought i submitted a marine biology assignment on a thumb drive to my teacher. After getting home, i realized that i had given her the wrong one. The one i gave her only had one file on it, the movie 'a serbian film' i downloaded it as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend.
i have had many problems with my current school and obtaining admission. student loans are having problems right now so i may have to pay out of pocket and be reimbursed. all of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste. the hundreds of dollars i spent on reserving a dorm will be wasted.
 "i was almost ready to pounce on her. then, suddenly, my shorts just slid down "  "i'm glad i decided not to freeball it tonight. i swore like a madman "  "I'm glad I didn't do it to her "  "She's not a bad person. She's a good person "
i have adhd medication in my cabinet at home that i need to take. well this morning, it just so happens that i grab the wrong bottle, and popped two hydrocodone. i then head to work, arriving on time, when the effects set it. i sit at my desk, and my keyboard starts melting. then i turn to look at my boss and i see a demon. then the floor turned into lava and everything started sinking and melting. it looked a bit like this except i was shrieking like a banshee. my boss promptly called security and i was tackled out of my chair.
i was in the bed of a truck, just stopped at a local bar. decided i could just hop our and nope! my knee buckled and i was on the ground. people telling me they'd help me in, that its okay. it was but wasn't. pretty sure i fucked up my acl. and it's 3am local time and the doctors aren't open till 9am.
i live on the 3rd floor. i caused lots of damage. all the carpet and hardwood in my apartment had to be ripped up and replaced. the people below me?had to re-do the entire ceiling. more than half the drywall. the room below them? had to have the dry wall replaced on one side.i lucked out. insurance made it all okay. but living with that guilt for a month or so..not fun.
i was in the washroom at school at the end of the day and was peeing in a urinal next to my friend justin. we were talking about something and then i slightly turned, not realizing i was doing so. my friend started yelling. i was confused so i looked down. i ended up peeing all over his arm. we finished our business and he walked over to the sink and washed his arm off. when i talked to him the next day at school, he told me he took like three showers that night. i think that's a little much as it was only his arm, but whatever.
i was laying in bed and my toenail on my toe next to my pinky on my left foot was getting snagged in my blanket cause it had a slight hangnail. so, i decided to just pull it off. as soon as i begin, before there is ever a chance for correction, the nail goes on a straight downward angle and i'm stuck with it peeled halfway down. i then promptly cringed my teeth as hard as humanly possible and quickly tore off the whole thing. i was almost in tears, and now a couple hours later i'm left with that pesky uberly sensitive pink skin under the nail.
i was really sick with a fever and a bad cold and i didn't know what diarrhea was. i was sitting on my couch watching tv when i had the urge to fart. i  "let 'er rip " and i felt something kinda squishy and moist in my pajama pants. and yes, i did shit my pants. this actually happened when i was around 8 or 9.
i went out for a run, and i came back and just went straight to the small couch of my flat and started doing **it**. here i was, doing it with tears coming down my face, most of my clothes were off when a bird came flying in and started trying to make a nest of my hair. in a panic, my arm hit the wall and i could instantly feel that it was broken, or at least something was wrong. i tried to shout or say something like go away, but it was my step-sister who had a key to the house. i instantly stood up and tripped over my own pants that was down at my ankles, falling down and
i always thought it was a cool little thing to have in this sub and it seems to have died out. what gives? it seems like a lot of people are no longer using it. i always thought that it was just a cool thing to be able to do with a sub.
So today i accidentally sent a text to my dad. this text was meant for one of my friends. to make things worse the friend also dealt... long story short my dad got the text. I'm not worried about my dad... its what happens if my step mom finds it.
Can we convince the mods/admins to update the fuotw more frequently? there have been some classic fuckups in the past few weeks and it'd be great to see them on the sidebar. Can we convince them to update it more often? There's been a lot of bad news in the last few weeks.
My girlfriend is a physiotherapy student and she's currently on placement at a hospital. She just got back and was just stood behind me while i was on the computer with her hand on my shoulder. i was in a funny mood and very naively decided to lick her hand to try and playfully annoy her a bit. it was then that she informed me she had spent the last half hour at the hospital cleaning up a patients piss and she hadn't had a chance to wash her hands yet.
A student writes about two embarrassing incidents. The first involved his guitar and his headphones. The second involved his leather jacket, a chain, and a dress. Both incidents occurred at the same school, in different parts of the school. The student was sent out to do an assignment in cooking class.
i've been talking to this girl for a few months, we talk everyday for hours and i had been to visit her a couple of times before. More recently i've been feeling like there really is a connection there so i was super excited to go and see her again. After a really nice day of hanging out and having fun we basically end up falling asleep together on her bed cuddling. She suddenly sits bolt upright and says  " i think it's time to go to bed.  " my heart starts pounding, thinking shit - should i have not cuddled her? i thought this had been going well!
i was making ramen, to which i like to add an egg, and i thought i'd do something different. rather than my usual  "egg drop " method (where you drizzle a beaten egg into the ramen while stirring), i just dropped the whole egg in. the yolk broke, leaving me with this [abortion]
This happened a few years ago but i didn't know about reddit so that's why i'm posting it now. i was outside with some of my buddies and a bright idea came to me. lets make a fire with gasoline! so i found some jerry cans and filled up a bucket. i asked my friend for his lighter and we lit it, after a few minutes we got bored and decided to put it out. like the dumbass i am i grabbed the hose and put it into the bucket, making the fire much bigger. panicking i turned off the water and decide to kick the bucket. we then stomped the fire out. afterwards my dad was mad at me for about
 "i was in chicago for a model un conference (college) on the first night, my friend and i ate a bunch of edibles, and then invited the delegation into our room for drinks (mind you, the hotel has a strict no alcohol policy) We then proceed to receive noise complaint after noise complaint, until the hotel night manager decides she's had enough and brings a security guard up to our room. She then has no words, and says that we have to go to sleep immediately, and that one more noise complaint and we will be kicked out immediately "
i was at the bar with my friend and his gf. one thing leads to another and we start making out. then she puts her hand down my pants for an under the pants hj. i tried to convince her to spend the night at a hotel or something like that. for some reason, she wouldn't agree to it. so instead i just gave her my number and she agreed we would talk later. The next day goes by and nothing happens. i figure she either didn't remember what happened or was so embarrassed about it. then on monday at work i got a text from her. so we started texting each other a little bit. then i found her personal business page
i play tennis for my high school team, and my first practice was yesterday. it was the first strenuous activity i've had in a while, so my thighs were aching like a bitch. this morning they were still hurting, so i decided to use some icy-hot so i could get through practice after i took my morning shower. just then, i checked the clock and saw that i was running out of time. so i had to go through the rest of the two-and-a-half hour practice with burning asscheeks.
i'm on vacation in europe, in my hometown. i was out late last night so i woke up around noon. to my surprise there was already people at my house. it was a bunch of old people except for this one girl. she looked to be anywhere from 21 to 25. beautiful. next thing you know she gets up to go to the bathroom and i can't stop staring at her ass. she was wearing tight jeans. this girl had the entire package.
i'm at work alone today. i noticed i hadn't seen my dog in a bit, and went on a search. she can normally be found on one of them, or the showroom floor. nope. i see the door to the warehouse is open. damn it. i must have left it open. my wife is not going to be pleased.
Vacuum was my job, and i was doing a damn good job (imo) so i detach the cylinder and hold it over the trash bag to empty. i press the button-dust, dirt and hair all over the floor while only a small amount made it into the bag. i curse silently, turn the vacuum back on and go to work. such a simple task and yet, tifu.
i recently got new car with manual transmission. given that last time i drove stick was about 20 years ago i am still trying to get used to it, but i love it!earlier today i was getting ready to drop my little one at day care and as usual go start the car. typically i first put her in car seat, but this time for whatever reason started the car first. this scared the hell out of my daughter pretty bad i guess and all i see in the mirror her turning around and running towards garage door.
i just popped the whole thing in there, started chewing and was ambushed by a sneeze before any swallowing could happen. if it was soft boiled it probably wouldn't have been so bad but it was so bad. i just popped it in and started chewing.
i'd just gotten out of the shower, so i was only in my underwear when i stumbled backwards and trod on a plug. it's all over my hands, my feet, my floors, my cream underwear and my fucking cream walls. i start to feel woozy, and realise i can't even hobble down the stairs to get a snickers bar and get sugar back into my bloodstream. the gash has taken a huge lump out of my foot and i realise i won't be able to do anything for my birthday in two weeks (the cut is really deep, all the thick layers of skin taken off)
The ladder fell off on the motorway hit a car and almost caused a huge accident. The ladder was destroyed in the process. feels bad man. scared the shit out of me. it fell off and hit the car. it almost caused an accident. feelsbad man.
i went to the shore to see a girl, and she was really really into me. she as txting me all week and begging for me to come. i couldn't go to her place because i didnt know the address. so i started drinking; 10 beers and two 40s later i was out of it. luckily my friends were not drinking at all so they took care of me.
The fuck up isn't really today but a couple of weeks ago. The teacher asked if anyone here wasn't a catholic, my classmates egged me on to raise my hand(peer pressure :/) so i did it. Fast forward today and my mom is crying because i told her. Now she's going on about i was gonna get expelled for being athiest.
i first got my ipod 4th generation 3-4 years ago, and have not updated it since. after i synced it to my computer and downloaded the newest software none of the pictures or music were saved. apparently, just because everything is synced and does not mean that it is backed up, so apple and itunes can't do shit for you. there goes all the data of my teen years.
i work front desk at a hotel and just got done checking in some guest's, came to the back to sit down for a minute. i plopped down in the hard ass chair and sat down on my balls. hopefully no one comes in in the next few minutes cause if they do they will see a mountain of a man talking soprano.
My phone that i used to text him has just bricked and he has removed the craigslist post so i can't find his phone number again. i tried sprint live chat and they just keep saying to contact him despite me making it clear it's near impossible.ugh, while we're at it any advice?
i wake up from a nap after i get home from school, and i have to pee. so i step outside and start peeing into the bushes next to some firewood (which is really just a tree that fell down in the yard) i must have startled this little lizard, so he scurries out which in turn startles me. i was curious, so i pick up the log a little bit to see him, and as i'm holding it my dog rushes me knocking me off balance. the log falls on his little arm, shoulder, and part of his head. he's squirming around in circles and i just feel absolutely terrible. i couldn't just let him slowly
i'm a new employee at a company with a long-term contract. The first day i'm there, the first thing i do is take my clothes off. After a few minutes of awkwardness, the boss asks me to help him with a problem. The rest of the day is spent trying to calm down and get things in order.
i'm a renter in a historic building and i put down quite a bit of plastic and then spray painted it on my balcony. i bought a broken end table at a flea market for about $10, liked the design of it, and figured i'd slap some paint on it and make it pretty.
My store is renovating and i agreed to help out my standing outside and handing out coupons for our re-opening. so far i've gotten 20 bucks stolen from me when i lent a girl my phone, i dropped it without noticing but saw her stealthily picking it up. also a bird shat on my head, it is almost 30 degrees and i have no shade, no one to talk to, and an old fat construction worker keeps staring at me. this was boring and an awful idea.
 "i sneezed right all over her face and in her mouth "  "I will not be talking to her again .... just fucked that up "  "She is smoking hot and she's like i have been waiting for you to sit here "  "i'm a good looking guy so i'm not worried but i sat right next right to her "
i was trying to go to the bathroom and my sister kept tying to open the door back up. i slammed the door shut and heard a yelp of pain. i opened the door to find her and her bloody nub of a finger. luckily my mom had been there and called 911 just in time to have them re-attach it.
i don't eat chocolate much as it's not really my thing but i do every so often and it happens that this fine t Tuesday morning. i pull it out the fridge, place it on the table. spin the needle into my pen, dial it all up, and then eat it. lovely.
As an almost married man in his early 30's i can't contain myself not to be aroused by those young sexy appealing girls. My single friends are all over them and the only think i can think of all night, is to go back at my place and fuck the hell out of my girlfriend. After a few more drinks we go to the bar to conclude the night and of course i'm still thinking about sex.
i lost control in a curve (rear-wheel drive), hit a tree, then hit another tree. i came out in one piece, with just a small scratch on my arm and a few bruises. seatbelt and airbag saved me. now i'm car-less and i feel miserable.
Should i pour milk in my butthole? or just put ice cubes in there.. i have yoghurt, that might work. holy fucking shit it burns!! should i pour Milk in my Butthole or just Put Ice cubes in There? should i Pour Milk in My Buttholes? or Just put Ice cubes In There? Should I Pour Milk In My But Thole?
i'm from iceland and used to have the occasional whale steak (the non-endangered one) on my bbq in the summer. it was some years ago though, when a bearded fellow approaches me and says he wants to speak to me about saving the whales. i jokingly said to him in my most icelandic accent (think: bj u00f6rk)  "nah, you wouldn u00b4t want my kind in your organisation, man "
A friend's house had a zip line that ended over his driveway. He decided to try it for the first time in the dark. He hit the car's driver side door with his full momentum and his head whip lashed over the frame of the door. The door had to be totally replaced because i crushed the impact bar.
i shit so much it piled up and no water was visible in the bowl. best way to explain it is it looked like a cow's shit. when i tried to flush noting happened, it just stayed. i felt so embarrassed about it that i didn't tell them about it.
As a new driver with a new car i'm truly beginning to loathe everything about it. here i was earlier today parked outside 7/11. i parked next to a curb with a streetlamp on it, but didn't think anything of it. i started backing out when i felt my car stop. then i started to hear and feel the dreaded scraping of my right bumper.
i misjudged the distance between my car's front bumper and my roommate's car's rear bumper and ended up bumping into it. now there are scratches on both our cars (mine got it worse), and i'm trying to figure out the next step. if anyone has any advice feel free, otherwise just remember to pay better attention to what you're doing on the road. drive safe, kids!
Yesterday it was beautiful out. so i drove with the sunroof open.today there is a blizzard. i forget to close said sunroop. 4 inches of snow in my car and a squirrel. wtf illinois is literally the shittiest place on earth.
i walk with a cane and take a lot of vicodin. i was in line at starbucks at cal state san bernardino, blitzed out of my mind. i turn around and see a familiar face from high school.  "hi, aaron! " the guy looks at me with a confused look and i realized it wasn't aaron. because aaron died in a car crash in highSchool.
Last night i decided to go out drinking with some friends, one of which i used to have strong feelings for.  i got her to a fun tipsy drunk level and stopped and started giving her water.  left, got burgers, and got back to her friends house.  proceeded to spill my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings for her, making things awkward for everyone around.  then i puked, in the toilet, thankfully. probably because they all force fed me gatorade to make me  "feel better "
i ate taco bell and a prune smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well. my gf was over so we decided to wrestle/cuddle. she was on my lap pinning me down and it looked like we were having sexy time. that's when my grandma came in. when she came in, i panicked and shit my self. it stained the white sheets and now my Gf isn't talking to me.
i let my virgin gf try to deepthroat me on a full stomach and things did not end well. i almost shit myself a little while before, will give the details if this gets some attention. i force myself, all 7 average inches of my manhood into the back of her throat...once!...twice!... wait...until she gags...there's our dinner all over the bed.
My best friend was sent home from school because she had an upset stomach. She split her head open on a table. She needed 20 stitches in her head and a change of clothes. She projectile vomited down my back and had explosive diarrhea in her pants. i carried her to my car and raced to the hospital.
My fiance's 80 yr old grandmother, 'nan', came from england about 2 weeks ago. last night she was there to witness my proposal. i gave nan the remote before i left, and noted that she just kinda sat there, watching whatever happened to be on. because... the same woman who told her granddaughter to take her knickers off for me after i spilled a cold glass of water on her, i'm sure really wants to watch a raunchy comedy.
A man comes in and buys some cigs, and right behind him walks in a sheriff. The guy quickly leaves seems kinda nervous and pretty red-faced, but not obviously drunk or smelling of booze. The cop takes off after him, thinking he drove off without pumping his gas and therefore is drunk. then i realize there is a dude trying to pump gas on 13. turns out the guy was taken to jail for driving on suspended, they were doing blood work for suspicion of drugs.
i was talking on my phone, a bit tipsy, dishing my hopes and woes to someone too late into the night before work.my phone died, and in a rush i went upstairs to plug it back in. i will never, ever stop being thankful for my luck today, because what the fuck was i thinking.
A mate and i were on our way to a party, i had a bag with me holding all our drinks and my friends computer. We got to the platform our trains leaving from and i see the train sitting there. i shit myself because i thought it was leaving and proceed to commando dive onto the train and break all the beers in my bag. my friend then casually walks in after me and asks me what the fuck i am doing.
i ended up with 30 stitches on my face and 10 on my hands. this happened about a month ago on a really hot day in australia. i was walking around the house for a bit with a glass stupidly held to my head for ten minutes. i walked through the hall about to get another drink, little did i know my dog was sleeping in the hall.
When my friend (a year above me) transferred into the highschool i didn't see her for a year until i got there, and her voice changed. it got really raspy like she'd lost it. i asked her once and she said yeah so i figured that's what it was. fast forward three weeks and i see her again and hervoice was still rasping. i ask how her voice is still gone and she punches me in the arm and continues talking to whoever she was.
CNN.com's Jarrett Bellini breaks his arm. Bellini broke his arm just above the elbow. He broke his humerus (humerus) just above his elbow. The injury is not life-threatening, but is a setback for Bellini in his career.
i dropped a glass measuring cup on on the ground and it shattered. i cleaned it all up and i noticed one of the pieces had a large sharp edge to it. naturally, i started cutting things with it, seeing how sharp it was, and it worked very well. i picked up a piece of cardboard that i thought it would have trouble cutting through (and it did), and i cut a little too forcefully. my hand jerked past the cardboard, and the glass cut a huge part of my finger.
i work with a couple guys who have muscular dystrophy so i wouldn't always call what i do work per say. so i got up to go to work on a frigid wisconsin morning, yesterday being particularly brutal. go out and start the car. do all the normal cold winter climate stuff, defroster, scrape the windows, let the car warm up. get outside and notice the clear patch on the rear window is probably the clearest i've ever seen her windows. get a little closer as i walk down the driveway and something doesn't seem right... that window patch is a little *too* clear. take two more steps before realizing that there is a gaping hole
i'm applying to mit, and while i'm smart i'm not the best at seeing everything and can be absent minded. i just realized that i haven't completed the requited sat subject tests. it cost $80 to apply to mit  and i have spent hours on the many essays required. there may be way out of this, i can still take the tests, but they'll cost $78 and my mom won't pay for them.
i'm 20 and haven't pissed the bed for 15 years. i feel the sudden urge to take a piss. so i go outside and unleash a whole lot of fluid. it felt great, but for some reason i could feel the piss soaking my legs and boxers. in absolute horror i pour water over the piss patch. my piss soaked boxers are hurled in the bin never to be seen again.
i decided to show off my ability to do a complete backbend from a standing position. halfway down, my ass exploded an unholy cocktail if whiskey, shame, and misfortune. near tears, i crafted a lame drunken excuse to leave. if they found out, they never mentioned it.
i woke up this morning with a very bad cough, that phlegm just won't go out! i don't usually drink treatment meds but this time it's just so bad, i went looking for some robitussin (mind you, this was my gramp's place so i'm not familiar with where they keep their stuff). i was so sure i saw one on the shelf the other day so i went for it but it wasn't there, after looking around in desperation and wild coughing, i finally found it by the sink, got myself a spoonful and drank it right down. it tasted a bit weird, the taste was familiar but it doesn't taste like cough
i'm (30yo male) in the process of moving, and one of my sisters (15yo) kindly offered to help with the cleaning. i had left a bag full of my secret things in a closet intending to move it later, and she found it.this bag contains several bits of sexy lingerie (i like to feel sexy sometimes), several dildoes and vibrators, anal lube, make up, chastity cage, flesh lite.
 "Today is just not my day, " says the driver.  "My dad is pissed at me cause he thinks im lying about how shit went down " The driver was on his way home from work when the incident occurred. The driver says he was driving on the outer lane because of the icy conditions.
i was sat in class today trucking through my work and i hear laughing from behind me, i thought nothing of it since the guys who sit behind me like to piss about in lessons. i went to get a pencil from my blazer pocket, my phone was also meant to be in the same pocket as the pencil so imagine the look on my face when there was no phone to be found. then all the pieces just fit into place, these guys had took my phone so they gave me it back and asked me to check my messages. i see that they sent new messages to my mother so i took the risk of reading these messages, what i saw did not make me happy in the
The thought of that crunchy feeling is still giving me shivers. woke up for work this morning and i was pretty close to a zombie. i managed to get myself to the bathroom without too much trouble and started my morning routine. i stood in the shower for quite some time washing the sensation of crunchy under my foot out of my memory. it didn't work.
i took a test to see if i'd get a job that payed really well, and all only had to work part time giving me plenty of time to study for my bar exam. well, i failed this test. or so i thought.an acquaintance of mine told me today that not only did i pass, but my grade was high enough that was called to accept the job... one. month. ago.
The beagle dragged his ass across the portion of the sheets i wasn't on, howling. then he promptly walked over to my surprised face and plopped his butt on my neck.sure enough the gasses erupted, one fart after another, expunged into my face. i cried out in agony as my nose flared (maybe a bit too dramatic) and my eyes teared up from the exposure to all that disgusting, poop smelling, fartyness.
i'm new enough to reddit that i hadn't yet heard these stories. i saw comments regarding them on a thread. and now i'm going to vomit everywhere. reddit: 1, innocence: 0. i'm new to reddit so i'm not sure what these stories are about.
i had to stay after school till 9pm for rehearsal. my school gets out at 2:20 so that meant an additional 7 hours in school. my friends had a running joke with me fake sneezing and making farting noises to accompany it. i would do this and the teacher would excuse me because she knows i was sick. so then i had a really bad sneeze coming up. the one that would shoot all the mucus out. so i looked up and shouted  "aacchooo! ". then i felt it.
The woman is a cancer patient who got hired during a period of good health, but then took a turn for the worse and had to go on chemo again. She refuses to take time off, and instead drags her irradiated, neuropathic, exhausted self to work every night u2026and is worse than useless at the job once she u2019s here.
Pine needles can be used to make tea, but they can also be used as a form of suicidal poison. The yew tree has been used to poison people for years. A woman in the uk was found dead after accidentally drinking yew tea. The tea was so strong that it caused a man to puke.
Between 4 roommates and a boyfriend who tattoos from home, my  "alone time " is very minimal. desperate times call for desperate measures, and i take the rare opportunity to get off when it does arise. My strategy when masturbating is as follows:if i hear the tattoo machine running, my boyfriend is clearly not about to wander in the room.
So i just got off work and headed over to my local liquor store. i use my fake i.d. and freely walk out the door with the bottle in a brown bag in my hand. i instantly see my cousolar from school scoping me out from his truck. i seriously think to myself  "fuck this guys is such a dick, im screwed "
i had to spend $2 at the gym to buy my own bottle of water. minor fuck-up, i know, but i just had to vent a little. so in my fridge, there was this big 1.5 liter bottle full of water my mom had left there for almost a week now. seeing as how it was time for my workout, i took it in a rush to get to the gym. halfway through, i decided to take a chug so i wouldn't be so dehydrated later on. as soon as i took a sip, i instantly spit it out. it had the saltiest taste ever, and taking a closer look at it, it looked pretty cloudy
i tripped an old lady during an exam. She thought she had broken her hip. She was carried out on a stretcher. i hope she's ok. It was horrible, she comes crashing down right in front of my eyes. i could feel the eyes on the back of my head.
 "i was totally unable to move or say anything while i was being smothered.  when she finally came down she stopped and i rolled her off of me, but i was so sore.  we laid in the dark for a while, but when i got up to pee i noticed that the entire head of my penis was bright red "
i was smoking some weed and playing some fifa with a couple of friends. i had the random urge to ingest some cough syrup. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. i feel better now but really drowsy and sleepy. any ideas on how to get this out of the system?
i was taking a test in class, when suddenly i had to piss really bad. unfortunately, this professor was the type that wouldn't let you leave the class during a test for any reason, or he'd take the test and grade you based on what you had completed so far. i managed to hold it until the end, rushing my way through it to finish it quickly. by the time i was done and could leave, i could feel some turbo-shits knocking on my anal sphincter. i rushed to the nearest restroom, ran into a stall, slammed the door, threw my laptop bag and backpack down, nearly tore my pants getting them down, and finally getting relieved
i've been feeling under the weather for the past couple of days. things are crazy with work so i don't want to take any more time off. i'm feeling miserable and then in my desk, i remember i have some cold medicine. so i pop one down the hatch and keep along my merry way.
i picked up this pretty german girl from a house party and we were at her place. ate her up good and she was tasty so i enjoyed it. started to think that whoa this girl is getting super wet super fast. it was dark but when i got up from between her legs to take a breather and to look at her face i saw it. it looked like a scene from a horror movie, blood was all over her, myface and her sheets. i cried out  "mit u00e4 vittua! " -what the fuck! in finnish and she freaked right out as well. though it was her period but turns out i had an explosive nose bleed.
i was playing some heroes of newerth in the library. i get a text from my old roommate saying that someone has moved into his room. since i was in the middle of a game, i didn't respond to either of them until an hour later. i was very close to losing my position for the summer.
i was sitting at my desk carrying on with my bid'ness as usual when my body started to pulsate. After about five minutes i realize it's getting exponentially worse and my reaction time is slowing (including my speaking) and my eyes are beginning to close. i slowly get up and realize i'm gonna have to find somewhere to sleep because i am about to pass the fuck out. i looked everywhere on my level of the building, and i vaguely remember walking into my friend's office while he was in the middle of a meeting. i don't remember how that conversation ended because i was so delirious. i stumble out of his office and get on the elevator and take it to
She tripped and lost two teeth because of me :(. She tripped over and lost her teeth because she was scared of me. I'm so proud of her. I love her so much. She's my best friend. I'll always love her, even if she loses her teeth.
i love steam. i love their awesome deals. i just got the new tomb raider for like 20 bucks the other day. so when i saw dead space 1 and 2 i figured,  "wow people say great things about that game " and it's only 10 bucks for both. so i purchased em... and then saw that they were released by ea. what the fudge?! i just broke my 3 year long boycott. these games better be worth it... i feel dirty.
i showed up to my class ready for my final after getting up at 6am this morning only to find an empty classroom. double checked the final schedule online and yep my final was yesterday. on the plus side i was able to get in touch with my professor and schedule a make up. guess not all hope is lost.
i lock the door on my way out of the house, and once the door is shut i realise that i left my keys in the house. i devise a plan to break back through the door. i use a shovel to pry the door open. the door trim becomes partially detached, but not too bad. i reckon i can fix it, and i'm not really a handyman.
My friends and i were playing a game on skype. One of my friends was not making the best decisions, so i tried to give him some advise. He got defensive and started blaming other people. After i sent the message to him, he got very angry and left.
i've been having some family issues, i'm pretty sure i'm emotionally unstable,  and i've failed every single class this year. when i was younger i had a bad home life and the way i learned to deal with things when shit got tough was to just push everybody away. all in all my life has been pretty fucking shitty lately. i think he noticed i was being kind of distant and asked if i was ok. i couldn't hold it in anymore. i just exploded with all of my feelings from school and family and just all my problems in general.
i kept pushing to go to the beach with friends when one of them was uncomfortable with me being there. i think i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick. i kept pushing and pushing and now I feel like I pushed too far. i keep pushing and push and now  u00a0I feel like i pushed too much.
i moved from one state to another to pursue a job. this is not only a very great stepping stone into what could potentially be my dream job, but the job is very, very easy. it pays well and it's a great resume builder.however i am on a probationary period and the only thing i was ever told to be mindful of was attendance because most people that don't keep their job have attendance issues. so instead of leaving my place at a reasonable hour before the start of my shift, i tend to leave at 25 minutes before the beginning of my work shift.
30 minutes ago, i came home from work and stopped at the store and decided to get two tubs of ice cream cause i'm cool like that. i walk in my house and my brother is talking to me about something he read online so i set the bags down and after his conversation i was distracted by reddit. just a minute ago my mom yelled from across the house and asked were i put the ice cream. i looked in the floor next to me and picked up the tub only to feel a luke warm soup of what used to be icecream. it may be minor but i feel so stupid.
i am extremely weak. i have trouble lifting 50 pound amplifiers by myself, without a roadie's aid. i had been meaning to go to my local gym's weight room for months now, never really got around to it. this fuck up didn't happen today, about a week or so ago. but i need to spill. (no pun intended)
This is the second time i've interviewed for a job. The first was with management, and went well. The second was with a technical team member, to make sure that i knew my stuff, which indeed i did; in fact, i knew more than the guy interviewing me. I was offered the job, but have decided to turn it down in favor of another one.
She wasn't. She wasn't the one who was in trouble. She was just pretending to be someone else. But she was. She really was. And she wasn't a bad person. She just didn't know it. She didn't want to be. She's not.
i had never shat myself before in my grown life and that feeling is sure to haunt me in my dreams for quite some time. i don't want to go into anymore detail but this seems to just have caused a mid-heavy skidmark. i really don't know why i posted this, maybe i am some sort of ex*bition that i am not a retard. but you tell me what i try to accomplish with this.
i'm 25 and know not to pet strange dogs. why can't i get it through my head that just because something is tiny and adorable does not mean that it won't bite me? those little bastards have teeth like miniature steak knives. i'm fucking 25.
My parents are giving me a ride home from college today. i packed a small drawstring bag the week before of shit i would need in the car, snacks/bottle of water, shit to play with, book about led zeeplin. 45 minutes into the ride, i was digging through the bag looking for something to entertain me and i saw a cookie in a baggie. i got about as excited as a five year d would and ate it. it had an off taste but yet somehow familiar. now about 20 minutes ago i am reading my book and think,  "when the hell did i make cookies? i don't even have a kitch**oh my god that was
i got a three month membership to the local uxl. i wanted to train with the head trainer. He said he would talk to me about it. Now he's not talking to me. I'm going to have to cancel the membership. It's not worth it.
i was working today and went to go get me and my manager coffees at a starbuck's within a stop and shop. i snap the lid back off and put sugar in my coffee. then as i push down trying to get it on, the lid goes one way and the coffee the other. almost my entire iced coffee goes spilling all over the little table with cream, sugars, and stirrers. i get about 10 napkins and try to mop up all the coffee but it's too much. i realize now i should tell the employees. but then it dawns on me there are no other customers, and the employees cannot see me. so i decide to just make
i will always call whomever that day. in short occasionally i will fall short on finding a good gift for mother's day or other  "holidays " but i will always calls whomever. talked to my dad about it, and after talking to him it seemed not to be worth it. even if i wanted to send a gift now, i feel its too late. such chalking today up to be a complete failure.
i waited until the last minute. maybe that was my first fu. my mother lives in georgia and i, a couple of miles away in wisconsin. going through the ordering process on auto-pilot, it seems as if i just didn't read the headings and switched billing address with shipping. confirmation email... read it? cmooooooon.
i haven't ran the thing in close to a year so it made sense (in my head) i gathered a small gas tank and i cut up some hose and went at it. being my first time every doing this, i didn't know how quickly the gas would move and before i knew it, i had a mouthful. i quickly spat it out and rinsed my mouth, but i have been burping up gas all day and it tastes horrible.
Girl at work dropped these major hints and i'm too oblivious to realise until now.  "i haven't been to watch a film in ages "  "we should make it look like we're on a date "  "it really upsets me that you're finishing. it really upset me "
i had been hanging out with a friend of mine friday night, and ended up driving his sister and cousin into the valley (clubbing suburb) so i didn't get home until about 1030 and i had work the next morning. i got very drunk there in a short period of time, then he brought out the bottle of tequila and poured everybody shots. being the idiot i am, i said  "i'll have the bottle! " and polished off the three or four shots that were left in it.
My roommate and  i had decided to put our beds in bunk beds for the weekend since we were going to have company. One end of the unit was against a wall and the other was in open space so my roommate took the open side and i proceeded to lay down on the bottom bunk to push the top bunk up and off of the bottom. after a few minutes of helpless struggling my roommate calls me a pussy which of course means he has to try (and succeed) now.
 "i'm 19 years old, i shouldn't be kicking a ball around in the fucking house anyway "  "i went for a real crazy shot. it went down the hallway, curled past a wall, and absolutely shattered my window "  "he's going to fucking kill me. i fucked up "
i am at home for a while until i start my new contract, which is to be sent via recorded delivery any moment now. i'm at home alone so i figure an afternoon fap is in order, so i'm doing the deed (bukkake, if anyone was curious) and literally as i'm finishing the doorbell goes and so some of it misses the tissue and goes on my hand. i need to answer the door because it might be my contract which i don't wanna miss. so i just tuck my still prominent boner into my waistband, clench my right fist and run downstairs. i open the door...two older gentlemen, one with a walking
i'm very open at home, have nothing to hide from the wife, so i openly browse porn with no need for incognito or anything. i frequent a bunch of porn subreddits, and somehow /r/cumsluts is the first thing in my chrome auto-complete whenever i type  "www.redd " in the address bar. i don't browse reddit from my work computer...but i do keep a vnc session to my home server and browse from there, so no history or anything is on my work machine. this is synced with my laptop, where my porn browsing usually happens.
This time the cat pissed on my shoes. The cat was not allowed to play outside because of construction workers. The smell was so bad that i had to wash my feet three times with soap in the toilets sink before the stink was reduced to acceptable levels. Also very happy that no-one told me about the terrible smell that rose from my body.
A reddit user made a microwave lasagna. The food was hot. The user didn't get a drink of water or anything to go with it. He later burned his tongue and went to go get some water. It was hotter than a midget with a knee fetish at a basketball player convention.
i was trying to get a price quote for vegas on my laptop. in order to get to the total price, you must enter all passengers info. i put random nonsense in each field (sjkadashdkjahsd) and proceeded to book the trip when i seen i could afford it.  gf caught it and had to spend the next 2 hours on the phone :( it was fixed, though! free of charge, too!
 "i just don't really care any more. i mean, he might be real, but i don't think he interacts with humanity anymore "  "this is going to be a huge family scandal when it gets back to my parents. they are going to make me hate my life, bad me about church "  "i'm getting older, and don't have very close friends and family "
i wake up, parents already gone (i don't have classes today), and i notice the garbage bags. i take them out and don't think about it anymore. a while later my mom calls me to tell me... not to touch the bags she left. they were actually full of old clothes that she wanted to donate.
i drive a medium sized vehicle and i'm not used to a van. i'm backing away from the parking spot and *thump* i feel my stomach drop and the van hitting something. just a few feet away there is a classic black dodge charger. yes, i had seen the charger there but i didn't think i would hit the vehicle. in my defense, the dodge charger is completely parked out of place where there is no room to back away from.
This story happened years ago, but i figured tifu would enjoy it. i was 19 (almost 26 now) and an avid churchgoer and superchristian. i played guitar at my local church of about 1000 people. while in youth, i met a kid named nick. nick was 15, and he and i were the same height and stuff. i had recently made a myspace bulletin about wanting a pair of heelys because i thought they were the coolest damn thing on the planet.
It was lunchtime and i was hungry so i got a sandwich and some mountain dew. i then went up to the cash register when there was one person in line in front of me. i was waiting patiently when i hear some guy say 'hey chief! back of the line!' i turn around to see fifty people waiting in line for the same cash register, only they stopped at a line on the floor for some reason.
i went to get my eyes checked out about a week ago at cohen's fashion optical and it turns out i have slight astigmatism, -0.75 cycle. they didn't have any glasses i liked so i decided to give contacts a shot. they tell me that i could buy various amounts of one-a-day contacts, starting from a three-month supply to a one-year supply. in order to have a trial of 4 days with them, i need to buy a package. so i choose the 3-month, which is $270, thinking that I could get a refund. i use them for two days, and they're horrible. i have to constantly
i am a hairy guy. below my ass is not that bad but on my ass and above it is a dense, dank forest. i have so much of it that i was getting heat rashes in my armpits from the sweat and dirt that built up under the matted layers of hair. i went to my doctor and she advised me to 'cut some down', which i took as shave off. i mark this as the seminal moment of my adolescence, and let me tell you, dear reader, like kramer told jerry, 'once you start... you cannot stop'
Every day is a new day. unsubscribing is all it is anymore. seriously every day its the same thing. I can't take it anymore. I'm sick of it. I just want it to stop. I want to be able to go to work and not have to think about it.
i wasn't paying attention and poured my iced tea into my bowl of salad instead of my glass. interesting taste, that's for sure. i wasn't. paying attention. i poured my ice tea into. my salad. instead of a glass.interesting taste. i didn't want to ruin it.
i was extremely athletic in high school. i would estimate that i probably took in anywhere from 5,000-8,000 calories in any given day. i stayed between 10% and 11.5% body fat pretty much at all times. when i was 17, i tore my shoulder up in football practice, and re-tore it wakeboarding. i was given the option to have surgery, or not have surgery and just do physical therapy and sit out football/track anyway and deal with a longer recovery. i picked option #2, since it seemed like i wasn't going to play football/ track any more anyway, so i didn't really want to go under the knife
i worked in texas when i was a young man mowing and watering lawns. at the end of the season i collected all of my hoses form the properties that i cared for. it was a warm friday, and i figured that i would get my truck washed and filled with gas for the weekend. i pulled into a mobil gas station and filled up with super unleaded so that i could get my free wash. i proceeded to the rear of the station to drive through the wash, and once the big old brush came over the hood of my truck, and down to the bed things became very loud and scary.
i was skyping with this girl i like and her friend for a couple hours before just talking on the phone with both of them. i said  "whoah jessica simpson sure has gained some weight " her friend said  "what you don't like fat girls? "  that's when i realized my mistake. they immediately had me repeat myself which i could only stammer  "that came out really wrong " but the damage was done.
My boyfriend and i have been together for almost two years and a little over a year ago we broke up for a couple weeks. during that time i met someone who i just saw this weekend. well he's very attractive and such and so i was talking to him and made the mistake of telling him i'd do him. i swear to god i would never cheat on my boyfriend ever. but if he ever finds out about that conversation, i might just be fucked. and not in the good way.
i was house-sitting once (it's when somebody with a fancy house leaves on a vacation and asks you to stay at their place, water their flowers, dust their silver spoon collection and what not). 2 weeks into it, i got pretty comfy, and, when getting ready for work, i threw stuff out of my backpack on the floor. among the  "stuff " there were some toys that would make you blush. seriously, some kinky-@$$ sh!t. like a bunch of vibrators. and a 16'' double-dildo (what? they are easier to grip) and way, way more.
My dad has been using ios 4.shit on his iphone 3gs since forever and whatsapp stopped working sometime last month. After being bothered everyday since then i decided to update his phone and install that damn thing. it all goes fine until after i install the program i realize his contacts are missing, i go into full panic mode.
i met this nice girl in my neighborhood, and got to know her more. i ended up having a crush on her, casually moving towards the  "more than friends " zone. meanwhile, i was noticing a trend in the park right in front of my house, where there would be a group of teenagers smoking/dealing weed. this led me to calling the cops on them. little did i know that this girl i met was related to one of the teenagers, and me, being an idiot, told her all about the incidents. a minute later, she said that if anything happened to her relative, she would never talk to me again. if i hadn't said anything about this to
While walking home from my brother's this morning, i managed to trip myself up as i crossed the road. as my hands were in my pockets, i couldn't do anything to stop it and head butted the pavement. as i went to stand, i noticed the blood gushing from my head. i was able to get up and walk home but i had also cut my nose and lip quite badly. as soon as my wife saw it she insisted i go to the hospital to get stitched up.
i haven't played soccer in years, but some of my buddies were playing one morning so i joined up with them. after a few minutes of kicking the ball around, the guy playing goalie shouts to me,  "hey, 100 bucks if you can score on me from there! ". i'm standing near the mid-field line, maybe 40-50 yards from the goal, so i know it's within my range. so i start taking my steps to the ball, and put all my effort into kicking it as hard as i could. as soon as i strike the ball  u00a0i yell  "fuck!!! " in excruciating pain, open my eyes, and realize i was still in my bed
My last day working as a manager for a fast food company is t Tuesday. i wrote this long story about what happened and my app deleted it so here is the high lights. my give a fuck broke about half way through my 2 weeks at the job. lobby is locked due to it being me and only two dumb ass new hires. two women get in lobby i tell them i can't serve them and to leave for about 10 mins on two different occasions. they say no, they got in i have to serve them. i finally tell them leave or i am calling the cops. one woman and i get into it. she finally says this  "what am i supposed to tell my children
 "i'm straight but my friend dave keeps changing his skype pic to tits to mess with me (because im straight) so one day i change my pic to a hairy dick, i call him... he wont stop laughing, i realised all my skype friends saw my pic... apparently im a raging homosexual now... i fucked up "
 "I gave that guy the finger.  in retrospect, i guess he was doing spoiler damage control "  "the person running the meeting actually yelled at me at this point and actually disrupted the proceedings far more than i had with what i thought was a playful middle finger "
i think my bf deployed overseas just proposed to me today. god what i wouldn't give for some scotch. the title is pretty self explanatory. i'm pretty drunk and am quite sure my paper rawks.  eh.  it's only the capstone paper and it'll be fine.
The teacher emailed me today about it. we took the midterm, saved it and submitted it through blackboard, no big deal. except the name of the midterm workbook and the practice workbook are very close, and i didn't change the name. i was pretty out of it before i went to class and happened to click the wrong file, i'm such a dingus :(
i'm honestly very ashamed of this which is why it's a throwaway. i don't know if this happens to anyone else but when i take my tampons out sometimes they kind of get some momentum going and they swing a little.  u00a0and that's what happened, only i tried to move it so it didn't hit the toilet and, as a result, it swung directly on my shirt (which, i might add, was brand new from a concert the night before) and not in one spot either, in two spots because of the way i was sitting and it folded my shirt a certain way. so i got up, cleaned up, looked at my shirt, and there
i was playing dodgeball with a friend last week when i accidentally broke her ankle. i didn't think much of it until today, when i saw her with a cast on her leg. Now i'm pretty sure she and all of her friends think i'm a huge dick, and i don't know if i should really feel bad or not. i haven't ever really said two words to this girl, so i'd feel really weird going up to her and apologizing profusely. so what i'll do is, since my school has this thing for christmas where you can give candy canes to people for about 50 cents each, i'll give her a whole bunch of those.
 u00a3720 went missing after i left it in the charge of a colleague. Cash office thought this was a funny prank. I was told i should go find my manager and own up to it before they radioed it through. i was then told i would be fired if i reported it.
i'm incredibly forgetful but never, ever this much. the only reason i even realized it was because i received an email from the service we use for online classes notifying me that they'd done a routine password reset. i'm already so backed up with other late work it's crazy. did i mention school ends in slightly over a week?
i live in a house where sound proofing isnt a key part of its integrity. i was feeling particularly horny and still blue walled from last night (i drank a few glasses of whiskey before falling asleep, didnt get the chance to rub one out) i quickly hop into the shower and set it to the solid pulsating massage stream and go to town on myself. because i assumed i was going to be alone, when i came i may have let slip a little moan and my booty calls name. not overly loudly, but in a quiet house, you could probably hear it.
i have a huge test tomorrow so now it will be difficult to study, i also have a major assignment due tomorrow that is in my backpack. i am an idiot. i have driving lessons once a week. last week i forgot my license in the car. today i left my backpack in theCar.
i was working on a computer in the library. after i finished working, i forgot to unplug the flash drive from the computer and went back home. later she contacted me to return the drive to her, and that's when i realized that i have lost it. i went back to the library but it was gone. when i told her that i lost it she just whispered fuck. then she told me that she had her cv, recommendation letter from her boss, and other papers in it, then she just left. she later txted saying this:  u00a0 "You need to keep looking for it, that usb literally has my life on it "
 "i'd only ever tried receiving once or twice. it took me a while to get them inside me, but eventually i just pushed really hard and got it in "  "it was the best sex of my entire life. every single thrust felt so overwhelmingly awesome "  "i finished twice the next day, however, when i went to do my business, i noticed blood on the tp "
i already know and i've been so good leaving her alone.  but today my curiosity got the best of me and it really ended up burning me in the ass...like always. only to see how much she loves her new lover and how happy she is... and before you tell me fb stalking is a bad idea, i already know.
About a year ago i showed him a picture of a funny reaction gif, he thought it was hilarious and asked where i found it. i told him whenever i see a funny gif i put it in my gifs bookmark folder. he asked if i could send him all the bookmarks. i figured the easiest way to do this would be for him to log into his google account on my laptop and then copy my gif u2019s folder into his. no biggie, his bookmarks were just a load of lol strategy guides and gaming related shit. i deleted them from my bookmarks, and forgot about everything. fast forward almost a year...to today. i've recently discovered the joy
i've never had to poop so bad in my entire life. it's not diarrhea or anything. i just really fucking have to shit. this morning when i woke up, i was so comfortable. my bed was so warm and cozy. but the gurgling feeling in my stomach was pressuring me to get the fuck up and use the bathroom.
i was out partying with my friends to celebrate all handing in our exam papers. we walk around town after the bars close, got our beer cans, and i want to pee, but don't want topee in some ones garden. so my friend says to me trying to persuade me to piss in someones garden on a tree, to just pee in one of the empty beer cans. great idea! no mess and it's all nice and tidy. here we go, pissing in a beer can. turns out the edges are pretty sharp and i'm drunk and its cold outside i flinch and the edge of the beer can cuts a deep rift in y cocked that's pressed pretty
i beheaded our savior before he could be crucified. i used everything! bleach, windex, drain-o and even paint thinner! i actually rubbed off the orginal paint on the figure! well this pic sums up what i created, minus the green painters tape. i haven't told anybody yet and am dreading tomorrow.
The other night i downed an entire bottle of wine and had the house to myself. one of my roommate's left his door open and i thought it would be a great idea to look around in his computer to find out more about him. i don't remember anything from what i found (probably blacked out a bit) but i do remember him coming home and being furious with me. i think i stammered an excuse and now i feel totally shitty for invading his privacy like that.
i was at this local club party when suddenly i realized a girl dancing in front of me is watching me a lot. as time passes i started like trying to start a conversation but it was difficult because of the loud music. she started to get closer and closer until was basically dancing with me, one thing to another and we started kissing. one of the guys i was with (he doesn't know my friend) took a couple of pictures and sent them to a whatsapp group i'm in. as soon as he saw the picture he recognized her sister. i knew he had a sister but i had never seen her, and i had no clue that she was my friend's sister.i
i copy pasted an interracial bdsm video to a mutual friend of ours for shits. i didn't hit reply, no, that would have been too easy. my prof emailed me asking me to meet with him over this. i don't know what to expect, i'm scurred :l
A co-worker overheard me talking about the sfw porn network on reddit, specifically r/animalporn. Now she won't talk to me, let alone even glance in my direction, unless its to give me a dirty look. i think she thinks i'm into beastiality... damnit reddit! why does the sFW porn network have to be called porn...
i went to bed at 2 am (due to reddit) and woke up at 5:50 am to go to school. when i was brushing my teeth, a big glob of toothpaste fell out of the tube and onto my hand. due to my tired state, i didn't notice it until it was too late. later in the day i (attempted) to run my hand through my hair, and i was greeted by a helmet of hair harder than a spartan helm. at that moment i realized that i smelled like a walking toothpaste tube for the entire morning, and washed my hair in the bathroom.
The video was posted on YouTube on November 6, 2013. It is the first time the video has been viewed more than 10,000 times. The video was uploaded on November 5, 2013, at 10:30am ET. It was posted at 11:30 am ET on November 7, 2013 on YouTube. Click here to watch.
Many stations on the underground have no toilets. i needed to make my way from a station on the outskirts of london right into the heart of it, changing 7-8 times. i was unaware of the size of the station, having only made my previous journeys on the circle line. i had to walk through several lengthy tunnels, trying to with-strain the monster inside me.
This is another one of those tifus that actually happened a few months ago, but i didn't feel ready to re-visit this escapade until i'd moved out of my family home. For a good 3 days in the summer i had been eating nothing but homemade nachos, which is basically just shitloads of cheddar cheese grated on top of tortilla chips. The night after this 3 day binge i woke up with constipation for the first time, and it is the most severe pain i have ever encountered.
i now call this girl  "bipolar attention whore ". she has recently brought the fact that she wants the  "d " from me to my attention. due to her bipolar issues, she sexts me back and forth then later on in the day she'll call me a creep. i think i'll have to put on my supa nigga suit and save myself.
He cooked this delicious jalapeno and creamy rice and chicken dish. awesome. we went to lay down in his bed and continue getting frisky. i went down on him and less than a few minutes after, he jumped up and ran to the shower...along the way screaming whats going on. for the next 10 minutes, he was in the shower. and my lips were burning so bad i nearly cried thinking about his dick feeling like that. never again.
i almost never work with kids younger than 13, but i found myself in a 2nd grade class the other day. because we had some free time at the end of the day, i was showing them my favorite outer space pictures. they had been bugging me for a few minutes to pull up pictures of santa claus. i didn't even think about it. several children were devastated, i tried to play it off like i was lying. but i think the damage was done.
i woke up this morning, went out to the barn to discover that one of my kittens had died :( then i was milking a cow and she kicked me so hard in the hand i thought she broke it, then i went to jump on my boyfriends back so he could give me a piggy back ride to the house, and smashed my bad knee into an air tank in the milk house. now i can't bend my leg. and to top everything off, as i was cutting my breakfast sausage with a fork, it slipped and poured sausage covered with syrup all over me... i should have just gone back to bed...
i just missed by 4th chem test by not going to class and assuming the test date to be this friday. just found out it was actually on 12/6 and there are no make ups. i really needed to pass this test to get a b in chem, but i completely fucked up. i'm so depressed and i blame no one but myself.
A lady with her baby needed to use my phone to call the police on her abusive boyfriend. so she did and then the police came. my friend said they called an ambulance for him and i had no words for his bitchiness so i just waited with him. the ambulance came and the medics were looking at him and they said they had to take them to the hospital. then he tried to convince them not to take him but he is a minor and he didn't have a choice. so i went and got him from the hospital about 30 miles away and he paid for the gas. then it turns out hedidn't even get his throat checked and it was still bugging him!
When i opened the microwave a huge gout of smoke poured out. it was horrible, i now know what shanghi smog feels like. i have opened all my windows but i'm kinda paranoid about my lungs. my gf won't be happy when she comes home from work.
 "i never thought i would be posting in this subreddit but fuck it. today was a really horrible day. if you think you've been having a bad day... youre wrong. i'm just waiting to see what else i can pile on to this shit of a situation "  "i'm not gay. its pretty gay but its all good cause were straight males "
i was having one of those horny times. i set my phone to vibrate and put it between my thigh and squeeze. midway through the thing my boss shows up and starts talking about some ideas for a project we're working on. i fell on the floor and had an orgasmic seizure... it was the most intense climax i've ever had. then i started feeling like shit, and i'm terrified. i don't know if he really knew, or what he thinks. he respects me and likes my work & efforts... and i might have just destroyed all that :(
i ripped my pants pretty badly in the crotch area. i was wearing dark spanks underneath, but it was still pretty obvious. i didn't have time to find other pants so i went on stage in front of over fifteen hundred people with crotch-less pants on. it was a good day.
i texted my boss's wife to confirm plans for work tomorrow, and accidentally hit her name when i texted  "i'm actually not feeling so hot baby so i'm gonna go to sleep, " followed by  "goodnight, sweet dreams " with one of those kiss emoticons. she had plans to go to a play with her mom, leaving me free for the night. work is going to be awkward tomorrow...
Her grandmother is a 80 year old classic middle upper class religious southern woman. She's hoping since it doesn't show what items she bought she can play it off that she was just buying shoes from them because they have a ton. so we're awaiting a rather awkward phone call in the future.
i don't know why i just did. unfortunately, i wasnt taking my time and gave myself some serious razor burn all around my crotch.  it looks awful and it hurts like shit.  why did i do this? i don't understand it.  i'm so embarrassed.
i went to the bar with a friend. just to relax and drink my sorrows away after a crappy week. in my coat where the keys to my apparment and a freshly opened pack of sigarets. if i dont have them back before monday i have to report that they are missing and have to pay a for the replacements.
i'm currently a guest in a house that is off grid for water and gas and has expensive electricity. i'm staying in a little guest house that gets rainwater pumped in from the main house...the pump being situated above the master bedroom. i woke up around 2am needing to use the toilet. i took a piss and figured i'd flush it in the morning. as i was heading back to bed i remembered i hadn't brushed my teeth so i walked back and started brushing. i get to the point i need to spit and rinse the brush midway through and with a spark of inspiration remember i have bottles of water lying around the place. i grab the nearest one and pour roughly where
This actually happened awhile ago but i'll tell it like that. My girlfriend told me a week ago that i was getting a suprise on friday. So the week passes by and i see her and i noticed she put on make up and some fancy clothing, oddly enough she never dresses like that, of course i made the mistake of not acknowledging it and went on with the day. later she asks why i didn't say anything and after some talk, i asked her what the suprise was and she says her odd appearance was it. well me being the autopiloted mind jack ass at the time said  "that's it? ". her face immediately changed to a mix of  "you did
i was drugged at an all guy sleep over when i was in 9th grade. this was the year that i was introduced to both marijuana and ex-lax. the only way that my shart story could have gotten any more embarrassing was if i would have bare-assed it. i'm just glad that my little run in with the substance didn't take place on school grounds.
i woke up all hungover (obviously) and now it turns out i apparently lost my glasses somewhere. so i'm currently on vacation in brazil and a friend of mine from my hometown in portugal also came here for a different reason. there was a party yesterday and we decided to go there for some fun and drinks and stuff, so he asks me during the day to go buy some drinks.later at night i show up with 2 bottles of vodka and 1 of juice and the four of us (his friends) start drinking before entering the party because we weren't allowed to bring outside drinks. his 2 friends didn't drink a hell of a lot so it turned out me and
i don't know what the fuck happened, but immediately upon striking the water, about 16 million fruit flies erupted from it and swarmed the room. my house is infested with them now, every room has countless shit bastards everywhere. fu ck. m  y  l,    i, i,  f e.
i worked in a nightclub for years and whenever you pepper spray someone wash your goddamn hands! so i participated in this challenge by putting my finger on the top of the bottle and dabbing it on my tongue. it was pretty intense. then i went to the bathroom. luckily i was not holding my dick, but i did pick my nose. it's a pretty acceptable place to pick your nose, right?
 "i wrote a really fucked up fantasy story where i essentially got off by being an asshole who used women for my own sexual gratification "  "this time, i just wrote about my past. it was a bit exaggerated, but mostly true-ish "  "i don't know what to do. she doesn't want to talk to me or see me, she is going to her parents tonight "
i (m 15) live about a mile away from wendys, and decided to spend my friday afternoon with my friends. so we agreed on going and having a snack at wendy. so when we get there i get a classic, chocolate, frosty and and joking eat it with a plastic knife. so stupid me thinks it would be a god idea to keep this knife in my mouth and test my luck again. well you guessed it a couple feet later clumsy me trips in a random rock and down goes goodman. 1 hour later im at the hospital getting my torn up cheeck looked at. turns out having a knife shoved through your cheek isnt a seriously
 "i've had some kind of paralyzing shame until now "  "my brother works at a sales job and the last friday of every month they have a big drink up at the bar near their office "  "this girl, who i had actually met before at one of these drink ups, was born with one hand and one nub "
A couple years ago, my good friend's dad lost his battle to cancer. He's a great guy, and he **never** talks about it. he's positive, and very funny. it took me so long to remember about his dad, that i almost sent the question. there's also a party tonight that we're both going to talk about dodging a bullet!
Last night i'm studying really late in my apartment. it's getting really, really late, like 3:30am or so. i go to take a piss before bed and i'm so tired that i didn't realize that i was actually peeing on my shorts. it was bad. it soaked from the waist to the knee, all down the front. i took them off, threw them in the hamper and went to bed. i woke up at 8:07am for my 8: 30am exam. in rushing to get out the door, i grabbed the very same piss marinated shorts from the previous night. clueless, i threw them on and go to school.
Yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. whoops. yerp. Whoops. Yerp,. popped one into your car while driving along the street? Whoops, whoops, yer pokes one in your car. Whoop, whoop. Whooops.
i woke up this morning when my girlfriend was going to work and i took it upon myself to rub one out. My girlf doesn't like it when i jerk it and it makes her upset, so i was feeling guilty (even though she didn't know).  so i showered and then got ready for a meet-up i had with some classmates about a presentation we have to make tomorrow about france, belgium and the netherlands during the holocaust. i was ready to go, when i realized i had about 10 minutes left until the meeting.  i beat my meat again. i went to the meeting and one of the guys was late so it was just
A tracer finds people using a fake facebook account. The tracer's ex blocked him on facebook because she was worried her current boyfriend would find out about their conversation. He decided to use his fake account to add her as a friend. She blocked him 2 seconds before he added her with his fake one.
i decide to measure my own waist just for the hell of it and decide to see what else i could measure. i measure my hand in a similar way to how my erect penis sticks out from my body when i'm aroused. it turns out that's not a bad way to estimate the size of one's wang.
 "i was going to the uk from brussels to visit some of my friends there for a week. what i had not planned on was the horrifying experience in going there "  "my train was scheduled for departure at 10:58 in the morning. i was meeting a different friend of mine yesterday night for dinner, and one thing led to another "
2 weeks ago i started training for a work from home position. To do so, we need to call into a  "toll free " number for full day conference calls. i didn't want to hold the phone earpiece thing to my head 8 hours a day so i used my cellphone with headset.fast forward 2 weeks later. i am looking to lower my phone bill.  i go to check my data usage.  notice that my local minutes is over my 200 minutes by 3700 fucking minutes. i do the math quickly, and with my plan, plus the 3700 times 50 cents,  i now have a phone bill just over $1900.
i live in an apartment with two other people. my landlord will only allow one person to have their name on the lease for the apartment and will only accept rent from one person, which is me. so i have to get my rent money from my roommates. My roommates have no legal obligations.
i'm pretty sure i dragged the hd icon to the trash thinking it would eject, and then i emptied the trash, while i was cleaning and organizing my photos. i don't really remember, it happened maybe a week ago but i plugged in the hard-drive today and it was empty. i almost threw up, scoured my other hd, sd cards, and luckily found the series of images i was really worried about.
i was at a slightly stoopid concert, and my friend and i had just finished some 40's and some tree. i was groovin' so hard to the music i just needed someone to dance with. i see two blondes move in front of me, and they looked good from behind. i try dancing with one, and she wasn't into it. a few minutes later i start dancing with the other and she got pretty into it grinding on me. she kept looking back and giggling. after a few songs we started talking a little more, and i asked where she went to school. she giggled real hard and said  " i don't go to school hun ".
Vomiting in ikea was not a good experience. People stepped in it though so that was pretty funny. i felt like shit but i usually felt like that when i was on vacation so i just thought as soon as i ate it would've gone away, wrong. i'm sorry if you had to clean up vomit by the check-outs somewhere in canada.
i was sitting on the toilet enjoying a shit when i feel a slight prick/sting coming from my stomach. thankfully, my mother had left her tweezers sitting in the sink next to the toilet. so i reached over and started trying to pluck this small annoying hair from his stomach. but guess what happened? i dropped them right between my legs. into the pool of shit and piss. i am so ashamed..
i met up with a horny lady friend on the interwebs so we decided that it was all fine to fuck in my coupe vehicle. bucket loads of sweat was extracted all over each other, dripping into the seatback. damn, must have shaken the car too much and tripped the incident meter. i googled around and contacted the local specialist to visit me the following day while at work to sort it out.
i went for a run for the first time since october. my right thigh really cramped up after i got back. after trying to bear it four a couple hours, i finally decided to do something about it. i grabbed the  "icy-hot " (a sort of pain relief) cream i often use when my back is sore, and put it right where it hurt the most, the innermost part of my thigh. after standing up and taking a couple steps i realized my blunder, the still wet cream rubbed up against my balls, its been three hours, and my testes are still burning.
think i have wasted my time thinking i could achieve anything at uni. right now i am sitting in the library with all my semesters work due in on friday. i have barley done any of it, and i dont really understand what i have to do for any ofIt.
My friend gave me these pot cookies, now i u2019ve never tried an edible before so i decided half would be a safe bet to take. at this point everyone in my dorm is super baked. after who knows how long my roommate decides to try out this fake snow in a can she has. it comes with a baggie of white dust and a mini blue shovel. i just had to shovel the white dust in to the can, how could i not? i ignore that warning for a while but then my throat starts feeling weird.
i was buying breakfast at school. they had a 2-for-1 deal on biscuits, and i got really excited. i pulled out my wallet, paid, and walked off. 50 minutes later, i get a slip to come to the campus police office. i get there, and be busts out the wallet. talks about how it's a felony, and that i'm technically an adult.
At least half of the questions required a calculator to answer. The teacher had to use an extra calculator to get the answers she needed. She was able to finish the test, but not all the questions. She had to go back and do them all again. She says she's lucky she didn't have to do the entire test.
i am in grad school to finish my masters of social work degree. i am scheduled to finish up in the spring. i have to complete an internship during my final semester.  it's 450 hours spread out over 16 weeks.  i did it once, and basically there's no way i can do it again.so, my plan was to go on leave at my current job.  this would allow me to balance the internship and school work.
Lawyer has looked into the matter and there is no longer a file or incident in the records. Since that time i've had two job related background checks, i'm thinking if anything had been there to find someone would have let me know. as far as trying to get revenge on officer, i've let it go. can't really raise a stink where there was no court appearance and now it has just  "gone away "
i bombed the final. i have a job lined up for january 13th and now i have to tell my boss about the fuck up and maybe have my offer declined. i did an internship this semester that i'm going to get to retroactively count for credit. i will graduate from college without taking any additional classes. my overall gpa, even with the d is a 3.4 (i only lost about .06 points because of it)
i'm a big guy, and of my skills good balance isn't one of them. no, i didn't shit myself, but it wasn't loads better. i stand up to see a friend of a friend absolutely pissing herself with laughter. my friends pretended not to notice at the time, but between the lot of them i'm not going to hear the end of it or get that bus again.
i lost two weeks worth of finals group project work with a deadline within two days by losing the memory card with the only copies of our clips. now i have to beg the professor to excuse my groupmates. i lost two years worth of school work by losing a memory card.
A coworker at a tech company asked me to help him set up a second database for one of our apps. 45 minutes later, the original version of the app came up with no data.  "well that's fucked up. sorry dude, " he said.  "i am going to buy him a cake tomorrow "
A friend of a friend said she  "poetically raped " her. The friend then kicked her out of the house. The woman's toilet was broken, and her friends peed in cups. She said she was a hard core poet, and never chill with  "hard core poets "
My friend texted me earlier tonight asking if i wanted to go see the hobbit. i saw the first one like 20 times already so i declined. i realized my mistake a couple hours later while browsing reddit, but my friends were already at the theater. so, not only am i at home doing fuck all when i could have been having fun, but now i dont know who the hell im going to gosee the new hobbit with because all of my friends went without me. shit
The past few days i've been a mental wreck with finances and holidays and stuff. i took a hoodie i was going to wear this evening and threw it in the dryer with my other clothes, not thinking about the skunk i had in it. the family was a bit upset about it but didn't blow any gaskets, but it was pretty awkward!
i don't know what to say, its finals week and i'm going a little insane. forgetting shit, being more clumsy than usual, random crap. it was all harmless u2026 until i forgot to turn in my final for a class within the 24 hour window my professor was accepting it. i emailed her, begging for partial credit, but i don't have very much hope.
A woman in her mid-20s was commissioned for a nude portrait by a man on craigslist. The two met for a drawing session in a public place in central Sydney, Australia. The artist thought he was signing a non-disclosure agreement, but it turned out to be a fake.
 "My friend tom complained about not having a girlfriend. so as a joke i tap a girls shoulder and say  "have you meet my friend tom? " i then wink and tell her he's a great guy a bit lonely and could use a girl " she respounds with  "that's my cousin ".
This is a longish post, but i thought you guys would like it. It's about a time when i ran at a police car armed with a plastic ak-47, scared the shit out of them, got my face knocked to a wall and handcuffed. It was not blowing so did not get a fine for playing in the wind at least.
The tree fairy has a plastic cone around which a dress thingy is wrapped for the body and - until recently - had a head made of ceramicy, very brittle stuff. As i was decorating the tree i reached up to put the fairy on top, when the plastic tree decided that it was the perfect time to bend.
i had just bought a new car about a month ago and there was almost no one on the road except for one car a ways down. i get closer to the car, he's two lanes over so i decide to keep my foot down. it was from about 20ft away that i noticed it was a cop. i now have a date to appear in court for driving 100mph in a 55mph speed limit.
i was looking forward to extra work hours and a bonus on my december 15th check, so i decided to help other people out. toys for tots, the foster system toy drive, the local food drive, and another family on reddit that were having a tough time all got hundred dollar donations. i finished my christmas shopping for family, signed up for reddit secret santa, paid all the monthly bills.... and then came down with influenza. that, plus two doctor visits and a prescription of tamiflu, and i am down a cool $1000 from my  "projected budget " with $90 bucks left until January 1st.
 "i got the death stare from this one girl who has a mighty wraith and i thought she was going to kill me. i was apologizing  to everyone in my class and tried explaining it was a joke from somewhere "  "i'm not a sexist male i think male and females should have equal rights "  "sorry for the spelling mistakes i try to improve on it "
i have a huge audition for west side story today. i skipped lunch to practice the dance required at the audition. when i get home my mom tells me that she got me grapes. now, i love grapes, so i shove half a  package of grapes down my gullet by the fistful. bad idea, i now have the shits 20 minutes away from my audition.
i was going to help produce a piece for the first time for this film production company that produces well-known tv shows. my phone had died, and i was really distracted at work today with something else that was on my plate and didn't have my email open on my comp. of course, i see the email after work, email him while profusely apologizing, telling him i can still do it, and he responds saying i'm not doing it anymore.
There is a major power struggle between my self and my science teacher. There will be a boycott soon enough. this is probably the wrong sub reddit to post this too. i will stop ranting and continue to post and update all of you on the situation. wish me luck. or we live in a fucked up school system where the man controls all.
i stayed up all night last night because i needed to catch up on a really important controlled assessment that i was behind on. unfortunately i had a french test the same day, and, seeing as i slept through half of it, i'm not expecting a great mark. as soon as i got home from school, i went downstairs to relax and go on reddit. turns out i fell asleep at some point. when i woke up my laptop had been restarted. i opened the last link that i viewed on it in my semi-conscious state, and it was an imgur album with pictures of a man branding the head of his penis.
My family has an atrocious way of dealing with all things culinary. all of it. i myself have to deal with 3 flights of stairs to get to a sink. who really wants to make multiple trips to get dirty dishes from one level of the house to wash them? i'll tell you who. people that i'm related to by blood.
 engine and transmission damage was estimated to cost more than the old piece. engine and Transmission damage was Estimated to Cost More than the Old Piece. The car was taken to a salvage yard for repairs. The vehicle was later returned to the owner and the repairs were completed. The driver was not injured in the incident.
As soon as i was able to prove to scd that the machine was really broken, he fired me. not a good day. (told in my dads perspective) grotesquely, i was fired for being a self centered dick. grotesquely. I was fired because i was a self-centered dick. horrifyingly. i was also fired because I was a selfish dick.
i got a bj right after we got some ice cream together. she must have ate too much, cause she puked all over my dick and balls. i could feel all the melted ice cream flow down my balls and into my butt crack. it was one of the most uncomfortable and weirdest sensations i've ever experienced.
i work out mwf with my husband in a boot camp class. i got through almost the entire hour before my husband says in a horrified and hushed voice  "*babe!* " and points in the general direction of my crotch. look down and what do i see?  a small hole? nope.  the entire seam going down the front of my running pants is completely unraveled.i have no idea how long it had been that way, but chances are it was like that from the time i put them on this morning. so yeah...if people didn't know what type of panties i wear before today, well they do now!
i recently got knee surgery and after the surgery, the doctor informed me that i would experience constipation, pain, etc.; the standard stuff. about four days into recovery, nature calls, and i hobble into the bathroom. i plop down, preparing myself physically and mentally for sweet relief, and start. about ten seconds in, i realize that i'm turtle-heading. so, i reverse the process and go about my business. the next day, things are going well besides the slight discomfort in my tummy, so i tell my mom.  "don't push too hard! you'll get hemorrhoids! " bitch, please. so i sit down and engage in another encounter bout
edit: in comments, but it was actually closer to 40 feet. sorry about the blatant (although unintentional) lie. over-rotated. now bruised from my knee to my shoulder. also, didn't even look cool. it took the wind out of me so i came out of the water making a faint screaming noise and in need of help.
i'm on medication known for making people gets the shits. my stomach was shot, and i went out for a little bit. as i was walking home, i felt the rumble. it just came out flying, and onto my legs. the floor was now ruined, and the smell just might stay.
My wife's cousin from italy came to stay this weekend, and he brought his wife. we all get really drunk and my wife and her cousin go to sleep around midnight. leaving me and my cousin-in-law(?). she starts to rub her leg against mine, then hand on my thigh. next, we're kissing and groping like teenagers. luckily, i soon became so tired i was gonna pass out and went to bed.
i'm still up! posting this! what am i doing?! i'm not even done. i'm still posting this. what am I doing?! I'm on reddit. I'm not done! I'm still on reddit! I've been on reddit for a while. What am I up to? I'm up!
i was waiting for someone to arrive from the train station down a scuzzy dead-end side-street, so i wouldn't have to pay for the car park. i felt pretty confident that between the kerb and my car door open, if i peed into the gutter that sloped to the convenient drain, no-one would see. mid-tinkle i realise my error when a bloke wanders out of the warehouse i'd parked next to about to have a perfect view of my awkward crouch and unmistakable piss stream. i quickly stopped, stumbling backwards into the car and pulling up my pants before he turned my way and really did see.
i mistakenly don't read something that says  "pay 5 dollars for some uuid thing " so i had to restore my phone to brand new which caused me to lose all my contacts and everything else that went along with it. the backup got corrupted because of the ios 7 somehow. i saw some screenshot of it and decided to try it out early.
i went to unscrew the cap with my teeth, forgot that i had previously loosened it and ended up with green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans. i went to unlatch the cap, forgot u00a0that u00a0it had previously been loosened, ended up u00a0with green nail polish in u00a0my u00a0mouth, and panicked u00a0and u00a0dropped the bottle. i u00a0went to u00a0unscrew u00a0the cap with u00a0my teeth, u00a0forgot u00a0that i had u00a0previously loosened u00a0it, u00a0ended u00a0up with green u00a0nailpolish u00a0in u00a0my mouth, u00a0then panicked
i get a call from a cashier that a customer has complained about the men's washroom being dirty. none of our male staff were working today, so since i'm the manager it fell to me to go check it out. the first thing i notice is water everywhere. i grab the mop and some gloves, but i am wearing tiny little flats, and i am not getting shitty toilet water on my shoes and feet. so i tie some garbage bags around my shoes, roll my pants up and get mopping. i get the toilet unclogged and disinfected. i learn how slippery plastic can be when wet and slip on the floor and slam my head into the counter.
My daughter is almost 2 and a bundle of joy. We went to her cousins birthday party today where she proceeded to get her face painted. all was good until it was time to lay her down to bed. she lasted down peacefully and i put her favorite cartoons on. an hour or so later i hear her yelling for me. i run upstairs to see the problem, and to my surprise she ripped her diaper off. thinking that the poo was face paint she attempted to paint her face with poo.
The author was kicked off his friend's property after he tried to jump onto his car through the sunroof. The car was later found smashed to smithereens at a local mall. The author says he learned a valuable lesson from the incident:  "The real world can happen if you find the real shit "
i would rather be shitted on than have bugs crawl on me. i am actually typing this butt naked because i cannot stand wearing clothes right now. i'm probably going to take another shower. i'll make this short because no one likes to read rambling.
 "i had to go to a political science convention in a major city in texas, and i had been struggling with my weight because of some new medication i was prescribed for my depression. i turned to the internet for tips to lose a few inches for a day. i came upon an article that explained how models use duct tape to lose. inches around their waist for photo shoots. i told myself that i could handle that for a. day, a day in the heat of texas. here's how my day went.
So today before going to class i had my phone connected to my bluetooth speaker, listening to music while doing some hw. My roommates gf brought some friends over to smoke and what not and its about time to get ready and clean up for class. which means jack off in the shower time. so i turn the water on so it doesnt sound suspicious and proceed to fap to some hardcore stuff. (it was pretty wild must i add) at this point i have no idea my roommates and four really attractive girls are listening to what im spanking too. needless to say i didnt say a word, grabbed my shit, and bailed.
i'm in a group text chat with some buddies and my friend makes a funny comment about me so i brilliantly respond with  "shut up, i'll kill your mom, " thinking this is somehow a funny response.my other friend in the group text sent me a private text saying that the guy's mom died years ago. i don't think i'm gonna make dead mom jokes anymore.
Most soldering irons have a little led light that indicates when it is on. mine included, but i also bought mine at a yard sale. so the indicator light doesnt work, i have no way of knowing if it is actually on. instead of checking if if it was on by melting some solder, i touched it. i shouted every curse i know and then some, the end.
i work at a government facility, and bathrooms are for employees and visitors alike. after lunch i went to the bathroom, i go sit in and i see this shadow on the wall coming from the guy on the next toilet. so i see the shadow and is a arm moving very fast, at first i though : this guy is f***ing up his butt cause that is so fast. in the next 5 sec it was still moving and this time faster. the f***er next to me was chocking his chicken and after a while he started to give sound effects and wiggle his foot and sometimes even cross into my side... it was the most disturbing dump i have taken in all my
i work for one of those wine and painting party studios, and besides the owners, i am the only one with a key. so i walk in to see about four dozen roses, a big banner that says i love you, and a felt ring box, containing ( what i would assume to be) a diamond engagement ring. i have a live in boyfriend, no one else was scheduled to come in that day, and the clients for the day were a group of 13 year olds for a birthday party. so, my mind jumped to the obvious conclusion. i looked around with tears in my eyes, tears of happiness, but no one popped out to surprise me.
i woke up this morning to an abundance of rain. my hair is an excess of frizz, fluff and curls.  a flat iron and products are my best friends. i decided to put a trash bag on top of my head to try and stop the rain. the family across the street is getting their kids in the car. they just stare at me  u2013 they don't even wave back.
A friend's gf started talking about setting me up with one of her friends. While i like her a lot and consider her a pretty good friend, both my friend and  gf is not at all into the punk thing. Both her and her friend go to a fashion college, very status, image and health conscious.
i have had this amazing african grey for the last 8 years. He has a vocabulary of over 150 words, and is capable of forming random sentences and shit. Here are a few fuckups following his ability to speak, and both my hobby of teaching him as well as my friend u00b4s hobby of Teaching him the most foul things.
Over the summer, my roommate came back in tears talking about suicide. She had broken up with her boyfriend of almost 3 years. The resident assistant for our apartment complex (owned by the college) brought an officer with him. They talked to her and were able to calm her down a bit. An hour or so later i go in there to see how she's doing and they're just casually chatting, trying to take her mind off things while one of the school's psychologists comes to talk to her. i, not really remembering the situation that was at hand, casually say * "man, if i had that much work to do i'd kill myself "*
i frequently send the guy i'm seeing naked/other sexual pictures. i took a few last night and sent them, and forgot to delete them off my phone. i went to class this morning and a guy at my table asked to see my phone, thinking nothing of it, i say  "sure! " and slide it over to him. not 10 seconds later does my heart stop: oh fuck, i didn't delete the pictures.
 "i had forgotten that her uncle has cancer and is going to die in the next few weeks. it hit really close to home and i feel awful about it "  "i knew he had cancer in the story before we started watching. i didn't even think about it. moral of the story: think about shit before you do it "
i was dreaming and in my dream, a cockroach was about to [fly at me] i raised my hand in defence and covered myself in a blanket. i thought i felt it near my hand and bashed it away as hard as i could in four quick open hand slaps. full force. i woke up instantly, full of regret, and as i heard my alarm go off one minute or so later, i had to ask my wife to get up first to start the day.
i don't have any id with me since i don't drive and do not need my passport all the time so i replied no. two old ladies were sniggering behind me. my grandparents were so disappointed while they packed their luggage. i walked the walk of shame in the groceries.
i have colitis, which means that when i get the urge to poop, i'd better find a toilet *fast*. just as i thought i was home free, i pulled down my pants and a smell emanated. there was a blob of diarrhea in my panties. fuuuuuck! i'll just wipe that shit out while i'm doing my thing on the toilet. a massive dumpy diarrhea comes out, which requires several wipes. too much toilet paper; now the fucking toilet is clogged, on top of my shitty underwear problem. great. i never thought it would happen to me. especially after all the laughs you guys have given me about pooping in yours.
i won tickets to see the sick puppies. however, they sent me the email the day before the concert. so, when i checked my email i realized i that the concert had already passed. long story short, i won tickets for a sick puppies concert. but when i looked at the date, it was already too late.
i decided to take my laptop to classes today to work on an outline. during my economics class, i was copying over a powerpoint to friend a's flash drive. friend b sees a copy of a video that my other friends made for their economic class last year. he calls over our teacher and i open up the video. after it's finished, i closed out of the window, but didn't close the application. next thing i know, i see a porn window open behind it. one that i had left open when i closed the application last.
The faucet snapped off while my co-worker was doing the dishes. The water was spraying out of what's left of the now tiny little f sink. My boss came out of the office and just looked at us in a very disgusted way. She then replied  "you better come up with an excuse and you better make it a good one "
i have working with a certain company down here in alabama who does electronic recycling, and they also sell products like computers, servers, switches, and a whole lot of other business equipment. i used to do full time computer repair for the store until they moved me to the main location, and put me in a customer service position for our ebay department. my boss didn't like this, and terminated me on the spot because he says it competes with our store. i have worked with this company for about 2 years and 3 months with no write ups or really any disciplinary action, and the next day i am just completely terminated.
A friend shows me a key-chain miniature of the well-known south park character : kayle. My first reaction was to impersonate cartman and yell at the miniature kayle as our teacher was standing 3 meters in front of us. few secondes later it hit me, i didn't dare looking at her, i just said an happy  "goodbye " to her and left cringing all the way home.
i'm sorry everyone i blinded. i actually didn't know that you're not supposed to leave your high-beams on, in the occasion someone passes you. so i *literally* blinded everyone i passed. i think i should just ride a scooter instead, now.
John Doe was a math tutor at his high school. He gave a gift to one of the teachers. The principal called him in and told him he was no longer allowed on campus. The teacher told him that he would still be their for just like he said he would be.
i got fired back in may but had a pretty good amount in my 401k and retirement benefits remain. i had immediately applied for unemployment but figured i could coast until i was ready to start looking for jobs. today i went to claim and ended up in an hour long conversation with the uc only to find out that being  "approved " doesn't really mean i'm approved to claim unemployment. it was an approval saying i was eligible to claim but not that i could actually claim it. now i'm down to my last $1000 with rent coming up (i can still make rent but past that i don't know) and don't have a job yet.
My boyfriend's dad, named stanislav or stan, was in the bathtub when i accidentally hit him in the chest with a lube-hiding shirt. i think i'm just going to stop talking to or interacting with stan at all. i've posted a comment thread specifically for asking questions for me to parrot to him.
i'm a 30 yo gay male. i'm home visiting my family (mom and sis) and as i was about to shower, i noticed my sister left her black panties hanging on a towel hanger. i've been thinking about trying panties and how they would feel for a few weeks now. i impulsively grabbed them and tried them on. when i took them out i smelled... dick. there was a wet spot on the panties. i had jerked off twice earlier, and i had dick cheese.
A group of friends went on a stag do in Germany in 2003. They decided to get personalised t-shirts with something crude and embarrassing written on them. One t-shirt said 'jungfrau' which translates to 'virgin' - growing up i was by a long way the last to lose my virginity and so was stuck with the nickname up until the ripe age of 19.
A woman dropped a package of deli meat on the floor. She picked it up, and went about her business. When she got home, she realized it wasn't hers. She paid for it with the self-scanner. The lady will either wind up paying for it again, or leaving it at the checkout if she realizes it wasn's hers.
Lava sloshed onto my thumb and wrist. one er visit and two percocet later and i now realize how much i use both hands. ...of boiling hot pasta sauce. went to transfer from a saucepan to stockpot and lava sloshing onto my hand.
i had been drinking, but not so much that i wasn't in control of myself (or so i thought) throughout the night i had been texting my girlfriend, with no issues there. the fun started when i told her i wanted to skype. apparently (i had no memory of our actual video conversation, she told me this the following morning) i had called her  "my sweet dyke " i was horrified because 1. i am very tolerant and open-minded and supportive of lgbt rights and the fact that my girlfriend is bisexual and 2. that i had lost Control of myself to that extent. both of us were very upset with me.
i went to the club tonight to hang out with a friend i hadn't seen in a while. the club is frequented by several people i know and i was having an awesome time reconnecting with people i'd not spoken with in a long time. i went outside to grab some air and struck up a conversation with some people i knew who were doing the same, one of whom i failed to identify. she and i got into a bit of an in depth conversation regarding a sound system at another club and toward the end of the conversation i asked,  "what was your name? " as soon as i finished the sentence i knew i'd opened up a giant can of cringe, as i instantly
My husband had the hiccups, so i told him to take a deep breath and i intended to scare him out of it. so, while he held the breath, i slapped at him. didn't work. so i pretended to slap at his junk. only, i'm fairly drunk, so... my  "pretend " slap turned into a real one. i'm so sorry, baby.
i got really drunk and blacked out. woke up later, not even hung over, but i knew what had happened because i didn't have to pee.currently drying out my wallet, and hoping my phone will work again after sitting in some rice for a few days. if not, what a terrific $400 fuckup.
i was doing pretty well on my  "try and not eat so much crap " diet. and i still have christmas candy. i was doingpretty well onmy  "try to not eatSo much crap u00a0 diet " and i u00a0still u00a0have christmas u00a0candy. i still u00a0have u00a0it.
i work for an it outsourcing company for a mfg client on their it service desk. i get a ticket from someone who i missing their pst files (outlook archives for anyone not familiar). so i remote into his machine and find the them in the default location. when i try to map them to the outlook profile they are prompting for a password. now the customer mentioned that this has happened before and he tried to remember his password but could not. The is department for this company does not support outlook archives so anyone having issues is on their own.
i thought i was different.  thought i Was immune. i thought,  "no, that could never happen to *me*. "  now i'm sitting in front of my desk at work.  i'm afraid to stand up.  and pretty soon someone is going to smell it.     u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0tifu, **you never prepared me for this.**
i was using the same glass to drink from all day in the kitchen as you do so that you make less dishes. my wife used some liquid hand soap to wash her hands after something then put the bottle back down with the nozzle pointing over the glass i'd been using where some residue must have dripped in. didn't think much on it but rinsed the glass out anyway before having a drink of water. only after the taste hit my tongue at the end of the drink did i realise what had happened!
i had a wank on a bus. shit. i feel wrong and dirty, and wrong and all sorts of bad. i'm an idiot. I didn't get caught and probably won't. but i feel. wrong anddirty, andwrong and all kinds of bad   u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0urgh.
i woke up to the sound of my dog barking (biggest pain in the ass) i went to go rambo on her while debating if jail time was worth killing my dog and not having to hear her bark again. instead, i decided to unleash a lovely combination of the most ferocious words i could think of. i stepped out the back door and let it rip. forgot about the plethora of little munchkins behind the wall. the looks received from the parents were enough to make me go hide under my covers. i fucked up. so bad.
 "i am in this group, i'm not gonna mention the name for security reasons, but we like to wrestle eachother... very harsh wrestling... i'm fighting member #2 and he grabs me and throws me to the ground! "  "i don't know how many of you have dislocated a joint before, but let me tell you... it's more painful than breaking it into several pieces "  "i wound up just walking out of class and heading home to treat my poor poor thumb "
My mom told me that she needed my laptop tomorrow (today) morning to work because hers was broken. later that night, i was watching porn. i usually open a lot of tabs of porn videos, and do other things while they buffer so i don't have to wait while i'm at it. so i finish up and close my laptop. the next day (today), i wake up to my mom's thunderous roar. she was pissed off and yelling about how embarrassed she was and shit, so i demanded an explanation. she told she went to our urbanization's clubhouse with my laptop because our internet signal fucked up. she wanted use the clubhouse's internet wireless signal, but she
My mother had left her perfume in the medicine cabinet in her hurry to get out on time this morning. My mouth now tastes of perfume and it won't go awayy. At least it smells nice :| "i woke up (kind of) and zombie walked to the washroom, where my mother's perfume was "
 "i dropped a fiery deuce, in the middle of white castles. have you ever done that shit? not a shitter was to be seen. not past the rolling hills of the west or the sweeping valleys of the east "  "i disowned that shit though. maaaan, it wasn't even me "
i was messing around on youtube, making a new youtube account and i created a google profile and google plus that had the account linked to it. i decided to use a fake name that my friends and i had been throwing around and creating a back story for the past couple days,  "salsberry jones " However, i did not realize that it had linked my real gmail to the account as well.
 "i had no idea. she told me that she needed space and i thought i was giving her some. apparently i didn't and she exploded "  "i've been depressed lately. all i had was this game, so i created a new character to get away from you and your stalking, but you just kept coming so i couldn't escape my problems "
My girlfriend is 23, good looking, smart girl who loves sex. My exwife is an unnattracive 27y/o with an evil attitude and a vicious relationship history. She has always been very jealous of my gfs looks. When i am horny and being taunted, i go on the offensive. i led her to believe that i was sex starved.
i've been sick since friday (some sort of common cold or whatnot) so my brain cycles aren't where they would normally be. i woke up this morning extremely tired and sort of incoherent. stumbled over to the bathroom and proceeded to brush my teeth, as i do every day. a few seconds in, i feel this weird tingling sensation. i look down at the tube i had just set down and, lo and behold, icy hot.
i'm in college and was hanging out with a group of girl friends at a male japanese exchange students dorm. One of my friends says she thinks she knows something that j Japan says in sex,  "ki..kimo..chi? " to which i blurted out,  "yeah! kimochi! 'it feels good' " they started laughing and it took me a second to realize why.  "well, we know what kireisan watches! " another girl said. i was especially mortified that it happened in front of the guy.
Joe's car is stolen after he crashes into a mailbox and a house. The police and the owner of the house turn out to be pretty cool with it.  "i have just ruined all chances with absolutely every one of them, " he says. 'i left my car there. cars not there now but i left it there'
A middle-aged man gets on the tube stop before mine carrying a gigantic bouquet of flowers. He rests on the seat right opposite mine. everyone notices, and then quickly ignores the sudden flourish. i find this behaviour quite petty of us as fellow passengers, and take it upon myself to restore human interaction in the cold world of public transport.
i'm a teacher (work with adults, if that's relevant) and i use an excel spreadsheet to calculate final grades. every homework assignment, absence, et cetera goes into the spreadsheet and at the end of the session i just enter the final percentages as letter grades. i swear i left it next to my computer like i always do on friday, i even checked my coat pockets and my bags and went through all my drawers. i have to submit final grades on wednesday. i fucked up.
i love skiing, and on the day of my fuck up, i was somewhat hungry after a day at the terrain park. as  i began eating it, i noticed it had rock hard bits in it, and the bits tasted like shit. my idiot conscience made the choice to finish the cookie, and wash it down with melted snow. fast forward to midnight, when i wake up with the most ungodly of feelings in my stomach. after reaching the toilet, my digestive system sends at least 500 ml worth of vomit at high speed onto the floor, and coincidentally, my pants.
i just realized the class i'm taking which i have been keeping up with by reading online lecture notes (but not attending) fails students if they miss more than 5 classes. apparently attendance overrides high scores in the much more significant tests, quizzes, and papers. i have missed far more than the 5 class limit.
i haven't drank in about 2 months. so my tolerance is not what it used to be. after a night of heavy drinking and partying we came back to my friend's house. i could feel the alcohol not agreeing with me and ran for the bathroom. i threw my guts up and at the same time realised i needed to take a shit. i decided to pull down my pants while i was throwing up, and then i pomited (poo & vomit, for those playing at home) and passed out. i woke up to a shit-smeared bathroom floor and somehow had put my face in it too.
 "If you drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time, " he says.  "If you're going to be drinking and trying to trim you're not going to have a good time. That's just the way it is, " he adds.  "You're not supposed to do that "
 "I trusted a fart... right after school... on my way home and, you know, the rest. luckily i was halfway to my car, " she said.  "I was like, 'Oh my God, what have I done?'  " she added.  "It was so embarrassing, " he said,  "but I'm glad I did it. "
i do plc work for a large manufacturing company. normally im in my simulation lab or at my desk, but today my team was working on the shop floor on implementing one of our packages to a production line. we were working all morning, and i finished the nalgene i keep with me to stay hydrated at work. i needed to go piss, but we only had a few more clients to update, and we would be done. as we reached the last workstation, i excused myself and follow the signs towards the bathroom. i walk in the bathroom and i see this round metal dish with a drain. it reminds me of the troughs you would see in a baseball
i dropped my phone in the toilet. luckily i hadn't started actually going to the bathroom, so i was able to pull it out, and throw it in some rice. hopefully it's not dead. i don't have insurance on it either, because i thought i wouldn't need it.
My girlfriend was arriving at 3:30am from germany. The night before i was skyping with her and i was very drunk. i told her that i was gonna come to the airport to meet her. The next day i had completely forgot the conversation. i ended up getting on the wrong train.
i don't drink much; it's not really my thing, but when i do, i always drink *too* much, and i always eat a load of mcdonalds. this weekend past, i was going to a friends house party. because it was quite a nice day, my friends and i got started early on the pre-drinks. by the time we had left for our other friends, i had already had roughly half a bottle of bourbon. having not eaten all day and being quite intoxicated, i ended up leaving 20 nuggets and 3 large servings of chips.
The majority of tifu stories are about people shitting themselves. could we please only post *true* fuck ups? if you've shit yourself, please tell us your story on /r/ishitmyself. it should help clear some of the near-identical stories that are in violation of rule 2:  "no unoriginal or ordinary posts "
i had about 15 minutes before i had to walk out the door to get to work. suddenly i felt the rumblies going on downstairs. i got myself into the bathroom and took care of some very big sloppy business. once i was done and all cleaned up, i stood up, flushed, and began to wash my hands. now, miracle of miracles, as soon as i get the bar of soap in my hand, it goes flying out and lands in the swirling receding disgusting slush of my toilet. just in time for it all to get flushed down the drain. the timing was so perfect i could only describe it as poetic. of course, that was my last bar of
My friend apparently got pulled over by a sheriff and almost deported because he found some weed residue in my one-hitter. well my friend got a ticket and has to pay 400$. she wants me to pay for at least half also, this is the same friend whose bong i accidentally broke whilst drunk(this happened like last week). the problem here is i'm 16 with no job or money. and i'll admit, i have a problem with weed but i'm still going have to pay her.
i got high. made pizza pockets 30 minutes later. i put them down on my chair to grab my xbox headset and controller. i heard a splootch sound and my ass got hot all of a sudden. luckly there was minimal pizza leakages on to my pants. pictures of the devastation can be added if needed/requested.
i practiced apathy this quarter and didn't take my life seriously. now my average isn't where i need it to be and i'm a junior. my mom is now crying, and even though i have a hard time with her, i cant stand to see her like this.
i reddit while on the toilet because the only thing that would make that situation is better is food. so i leave the restroom after about half an hour and go for my room, but my mother follows me. she tells me masturbating is unhealthy, especially so much. she then tells me she doesn't want the details and my sexual activities need to be limited.
i work for a dental office as a dental assistant. today, i was chatting with an elderly lady while we were waiting for the dentist to come in and start the procedure. we were talking about knitting, crocheting, cross stitching, and sewing. she seemed to enjoy talking to a young (25) person about things like that, and we were discussing what we liked best and what we had the least experience in. i told her that i really enjoyed cross stitching,. but hasn't done it very much. except i called it crotch stitching. she audibly gasped and didn't look at or speak to me again, even after i laughed it off.  after her procedure, she complained
i'm shaking and desperately want to end my life. he found out and got extremely mad. now my life is literally ending, and i'm sitting here crying. i don't know what to do, he is basically making me choose between him and her. i'm shaking.
i'm a black guy with coarse black pubes. i tried to dye my pubes bleach blond with my girlfriends bleach for a photo shoot. i didn't do it right. now my Pubes are fire red. i'm sorry for the trouble, i'm a terrible person.
It is my first time eating sushi with wasabi, i didn't even know what wasabi was all i knew was that there was some green stuff next to my sushi. so i dipped it in and the whole glob got stuck to the sushi, and i had no idea that wasabiwas capable of making me cry, so i plopped the thing in my mouth and i was dying for the next 15minutes.
Some friends and i went out to shoot guns and there is about a foot of snow where we went out. i had to take a dump extremely bad about an hour in and her and some other people went to go set up targets pretty far away as we were shooting rifles. i took a dump and made a snowball to wipe my ass. i thought itd be funny to throw the snowball at my friends who were still here with me.
great way to start my saturday, no phone and no money to get a new one. grrrrrreat. get to the office hung over, buy coffee, perfect. proceed to spill said coffee on my phone, desk and lap. great way to begin my day.
 "i am not a trained fighter and he his.  it did not start well for me but i kept going after getting hit several times "  "when i went for a bad cross i left myself open and he swung on me "  "now my nose is extremly crooked and i spent a hour at the hospital to have almost nothing done expect some antibiotics and being told i needed to see a nose doctor "
i work as a hostess, and it was pretty busy tonight. i was in the zone and wasn't thinking. i didn't even notice until i walked by her a few minutes later and saw her friend reading the menu to her. i felt so guilty and ashamed, i couldn't even go up to her and apologize.
i've been sick with the flu for the past two days. i had a coughing fit and lost control of my anus. luckily, my underwear absorbed most of it and i was able to clean up ok and just toss them out. no one would have even known if i wasn't a redditor who now assumes shitting yourself is completely normal.
It's 50-50 as to whether charges will be laid, the grandfather has yet to be notified as he has gone away. i'm up for around $12,000 dollars in damages to fix the car and wall and about $2,500 in court fees for the drink driving. i find out tomorrow if they're going to press charges.
The only way i could have borked this more was by mentioning the sub... I just sent him there into the depths of the internet hate machine and the pit of /mlp. ha...... haha.... *what can possibly go wrong?!*
 "i got a notification about one of my tweets on #breakingbad. the reply to my tweet said that i won a copy of the boxed edition breaking bad dvd set. i went to the site, redeemed my code, and gave the scammer my address, email, and phone number "
i was at a 3 month training course with people who worked for the same company from all over the world. one night, we go out drinking. i woke up the next morning, and i remembered dancing with one of the norwegian girls that was in our group. after about a minute, she starts actively trying to get away from me, and my drunk, creepy self just follows her around the dance floor. i can't tell you what all happens in that video, because i couldn't make myself watch the whole thing.
i have worked the same dead-end job for a year and a half. this was going to be my chance to better myself. i was due to sign on at 8:45. they have a strict zero-tolerance policy for tardiness, so i lost my job.
i play bass in a punk/metal band. one thing i like doing to ward off any stage jitters is semi-regular karaoke. if i'm not performing with the band at least perform. really does make it easier to get in front of people when you do it frequently.anyway, i'm really drunk -  some school was having their 30 year reunion there that night and this table full of women (and a couple of their husbands) kept pouring shots of crown down my throat.
Products may be returned for up to **14 days** after purchase. The phone is now $250. The price was $350 at the time of the purchase. It is $250 now. It will be $250 again when the phone is sold. It's $250 when it's sold for $350.
In high school, i played rugby (check my post history for a little surprise there). like most school teams do, we had a rookie party after the season was over. the next morning, my body turned on me. i puked and puked until i couldn't puke anymore. it splashed on my legs. it was horrific. i thought this was the worst morning of my life. that was before i fell.
i woke up thirty minutes after we were supposed to meet, freaked the hell out when i saw my phone, the time, and the missed texts from him. luckily he's nice and we're going out again tomorrow; he's letting me buy his coffee. i still feel awful about it.
More than half of the women in the U.S. will not go back on. and now more than half will not be able to go back. to work at the White House. The White House says the move is in the best interests of the country and the nation.
i've had some pretty bad sinus issues for going on a month now. i've been on some supposedly high-quality anti-biotics as well as pain medication from the gods themselves. Unfortunately, i'm still the same as i was when it started, but now i'm at my grandma's for a week. My aunt and her family are also living here because of financial troubles.
 "i am not religious myself but i'll skip straight to the point. i just stood up, picked up my friend and threw him face first into the wall "  "i just started yelling and telling them to shut up but they wouldn't "  "the entire building heard it. almost everybody panics and just runs out "
My boss showed up to do my annual review. We're rather informal - it's not a  "sit in opposing chairs across a desk " situation. He spends most of his time driving, so he prefers to stand. i work on my feet, so i sit on the table. When we're done talking, he starts putting his paperwork back in his dayplanner. i slide off the table, and i reach back to dig out the resulting wedgie. Just as i get 3 fingers in my ass crack, i notice he's standing there holding out his hand for me to shake.
This weekend i bought in for 1000 dollars on carbonpoker.com to play some poker.  over the last 2 days i made it up to 1200.  i decided to play a few hands of blackjack and i broke even. i went down to their  "play for free " section and i tried out a few other games to see how they worked. i tried a few playing with the fake money, click around and try a new one. all of a sudden, when i run out a window pops up that says something like  "insufficient money, visit the cashier "  apparently i got switched to a real money game and i blew through 1200 dollars in under one minute.
A few months ago i received an old japanese arisaka rifle from my grandfather after he passed. When i was shouldering the gun, my finger must have moved ~~out of instinct and squeezed the trigger. After a few seconds of shock at what just happened, i saw pictures and papers flying around the trajectory of the shot. turns out the gun had 3 shells of bird shot in it.
i wasn't feeling well this morning and decided not to eat anything before going to a job interview. instead of waiting to throw up in the lobby, i wandered down the hall and found a kitchen. as i found my way into a copy room where i promptly fainted and face planted on a copy machine. i don't know how long i was out for but i woke to a guy asking if i was ok and did this happen often? i kept maintaining that no, until i touched my face and noticed my cheek and forehead were bleeding.
This weekend i went to a crawfish boil/bbq where there was a large bonfire. i was deemed fire marshall pleasekillyourcat, and my drunk pyro ass really got into it. eventually i was completely hammered and i began to fall down into the pile of wood to be burned as i gathered it, leaving me with a few very minor scrapes on my arms and stomach. fast forward to monday when i begin to notice that some of the scrapes are becoming itchy and inflamed. i also begin tonotice what i believe to be red bug/chigger bites on my genitals. fastforward yet again to today when i finally realize that i somehow
i was working on a project, and i had just gotten access to the git repository. i did a git add *before* adding a .gitignore for the project. by doing so, i had checked in the wrong files. i thought, no big deal, ill just add a git ignore, unstage the changes, and re-stage them. instead of using  "git reset * ", i used  "git rm -r * ".
A friend of mine got high and ate the last piece of pizza he could find. The crust got stuck in his lung and he couldn't breath. His friends tried to get it out but couldn't. They called an ambulance and he was rushed to hospital. He has been bullied for the episode ever since.
My wife and i knew something was up. The baby had shit at least six times throughout the day. on any given day her norm is 1-2 poops. We figured something she had eaten didn't agree with her. So we gave her a bottle of milk from a clear container in the fridge.
So yesterday at school i decided to get the crab sushi because everything else was shit. i thought it was so good i should start eating it a lot more. fastward to the morning i wake up. my boxers are wet. i panicked thinking i pissed the bed but later found out i shit myself. now i've been on the toilet for already an hour. lesson learned. never eat school sushi because i'm sure they buy it at a gas station.
As i got out of my car i locked it behind me. the cat ran away, and i went in to eat. my pockets were light so i did the triple tap. $50 dollars and 20 minutes late to get back to work and i the shop guys are offering me hammers :(
i'm taking a comp-sci class in high school and had all my work on a usb stick. i never backed it up. yesterday i forgot it at school and it wan't there today. so over a semester's worth of work has been flushed down the drain.
i was sitting at work reading over reddit and came across a few funny posts and then the post about a guy throwing a poodle at his cum covered gf and i laughed so hard for so long and it was a bad idea to wait to go to the restroom. so i was laughing much i threw up and pissed myself .... i almost shit myself... i still hurt from laughing....
i got a new job! it's my 2nd day... since our store hasn't had it's grand opening we spent hours organizing, sweeping, mopping and scrubbing the entire place down top to bottom. once finished we started unloading a truck of 2 liter sodas. i'm holding, eh, about 5 of them and the one on top slips off (i desperately try to hack it with my foot to break it's fall, but i'm awesome and ended up kicking it back into the air) alas, it hits the floor and literally explodes all over one wall of the lobby and i and shoot rocket like across the entire dining room soaking everything in coke before it hits
My friend was in the vagina monologues at my university and i had absolutely no idea what to expect. all of my friends wanted to be close, so i followed them to the second row. one girl during it was absolutely hilarious and had me in tears from laughing. after she left the stage, i was thinking how funny she was and didn't pay attention to the introduction to the next part, where they explained the next monologue was about rape. basically, i felt like the biggest asshole of all time.
i'm currently sitting on the shoulder of a very busy major highway (16-lane), because i was trying to get the most out of a tank of gas. i'm a caa member, so this is all going to get sorted out at no expense, but boy do i feel like a horses patoot. i feel even dumber because i passed a gas station this morning and thought to myself,  "nah, i'm good for a bit "
My friend (girl) lives in student housing and one of the rules is no guys sleeping over and they have to be out by 11 pm. well since i used to live in the same complex the managers knew what my car looked like so i left a little past curfew on a few occasions and slept over one night. she is now getting evicted.
 "i was bored, so i signed up there for free "  "i forgot to click the one month box and left it on one year instead. $100 for a hookup site i just wanted to use for amusement until i leave the city i'm in "  " i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup "
A friend blurted out that he disliked headgear in general. Later that night i get a really vague answer from her saying  "how could he do that " after about half an hour of getting it out of her i found out she meant the headgear comment. She currently hates me and i'm not quite sure how to feel.
i was out with a few friends and my girlfriend celebrating green beer day, an annual tradition at my school. unknowingly this cheap green beer and fish sandwich cocktail was brewing in my stomach to create the worst gas on earth. after these waves of gas hit me, i start to sweat and suggest to my gang of fellow celebrators that we go back to my girlfriends house so i can unleash this monstrosity within me. when we get there it is full of girls and i can't bring myself to release the kraken in their presence. i excused myself to another room that was empty and proceeded to let it rip.
i was at the bar and i turned to meet the gaze of a really hot redhead right as my fingers were right up my pants, relieving myself of discomfort. her expression went from interested to disgusted when she realized what i was doing. i was so embarrassed.
So a couple weeks ago i pre order kavinsky's - outrun album on cd and have been eagerly awaiting for it to arrive. A few days ago i bought a new stereo for my car with the main attraction being bluetooth calling/hands-free. So my cd arrives today and i am eagerly awaiting to hear all these new tunes when i go to put the cd in and i realize that my stereo doesn't have cd playback. :(
 "We were good friends for 5 years. we helped each other out with school, work, and personal problems. we decided to start dating a few months ago, and we just went through a bad breakup. now i no longer have a girlfriend and i don't have a best friend anymore "
 "Eight-pumped " is a term i made up to describe a sexual act consisting of a mere eight strokes. i named it gatsby for the purpose of this story because it likes to party and have fun but goes for the wrong woman and inevitably gets into a lot of trouble. the old adage states:  "don't stick your dick in crazy. " however, it appears that my penis misinterpreted it to read,  "find every crazy girl you can and put me inside "
i dropped some papers at work and started to bend to pick them up. at the same moment, a student comes barreling down the hall at top speed and his shoulder collides with my face. what you think happened didn't happen. i'm laying flat on my back and there's a web of white in front of my left eye. it's my glasses-the lens got a bunch of cracks in. i sit up and what seems to be the entire student body is staring at me. my nose is bleeding. i get helped up. i pick up my papers and go to the nearest washroom.
 "i feel like such a fucking idiot i want to kill myself. i am way too fucking shy to ask her. throwaway for this one "  "i actually don't know it. "  "i am so fucking pumped at this point i thought i was dreaming "  " i could have thought of it "
My boss at work drives a jeep, and most days he leaves the top of it off. well there is a bad problem with people letting their cats roam about and they will climb into his jeep and piss all over the seats. well today i was going to be driving to near the animal shelter on my route around town checking stuff out, so i just said i'd take the cat with me. it was actually a pretty cute little siamese kitten, probably around 10 weeks old. i loaded it up in the bed of the pickup and drove off.
i saw a roosterteeth video on how they do  "the air jerk off " to each other. right as i was going through the motion to demonstrate, a mother with three kids walks right in front off me. she stared at me awkwardly for a few seconds, and continued.
i was home alone and i went outside to check up on my rabbit and my chickens (to make sure everything was okay for the night) when i walked past the pond i saw one goldfish lying upside down at the surface. assuming he was dead i reached over and of course my brand new phone falls into the quite blurry water. needless to say i panicked and put my whole arm directly into the water. after about 3 min i managed to grab my phone, by that time my sleeve was soaking wet. now it is covered in goopy brown stuff that won't get off. my phone is almost peeing water at this moment and i suddenly remember a lifehack that i read this site
My dog likes to pee in that hallway when nobody is awake to take her out at three in the mornging. while i was on reddit my backpack was soaking up the pee like a sponge. throughout the day people have been asking  "whats that smell? " but no one has found out it was my backpack.
i have known this coworker for a whole. we uses to work at a call center together and we got along great. so we find out we're working together again we picked up where we left off. i playfully grab her hat and started to walk away. she grabbed me by the good and held my head down like a hockey player would. i apologize and she just shrugs it off. half hour later i get a call from my main boss asking what happened and i told him. then he asked me if i had made any sexual remarks to her and i also said yes but in play. i also mentioned to him that she had asked me personally to stop with the derogatory and
Software developer was developing a software for a client, who is a stocks trader. The software is a trading software for automating the buying / selling of stocks. While testing the software, the client left his main account logged in. The client has turned out to be nice about it and told me not to worry about it.
i enjoy baking for friends, and the request that i received was a pumpkin cheesecake. i was feeling overconfident and made the crust without measuring things and apparently put too much butter in. the butter proceeded to burn, and my condo looks like snoop lion enjoyed all 81 of his daily blunts at once.
i'm taking japanese in college right. i'm watch the first 8 minutes of this video and think its pretty interesting info on the current culture of japan. so i think it would be good to share with the class. then i watch the last 5 minutes. holy fuck. i hope she doesn't watch the end. i have that class tomorrow.
i don't know everything about her, but still, i feel like an asshole for what happened earlier. i found where she was (i'm approaching from behind) and thought it would a great freaking idea if i went up and gently patted her on the shoulder to let her know i was there. that. she let out a huge shriek, alerting every one arounnd that i was, in fact, an asshole. plus, her friend was there too, great first impression to make too!
i'm getting together with some lady friends to eat, drink, and exchange our un- or infrequently-used nail polishes. i come across a bottle of bright orange (in retrospect, perhaps appropriately dubbed  "chop chop! ") which hasn't had much love recently. one of the stipulations for the exchange is that it not be dried out, so i go to mix it up and test it out.   polish sprays everywhere. so basically it looks like i murdered an oompah-loompah in the middle of my living room.
i lost it! i couldnt stop laughing for like 10 minutes! i had to go out in the hall and just giggle to myself for the last 5 of those 10 mins. in the video a narrator says  "during a womans period mucus and blood is expelled from the vagina " and a friend of mine leaned over and said;  "bless you. "
A picture that is considered nsfw because it has nudity in it, even if it isn't sexual. Now i can't upload anything to this account, which i run some business through. i could make another account, but i don't want someone complaining that it's all reposts.
i was broke and hungry, and conveniently enough, my hometown was attempting to make the worlds largest single bowl of mussels. of course, they would give out the result for free, otherwise, there wouldn't be enough people to eat it all. as i was in a economic and metabolic limbo at the time (and a notorious big eater), i asked for two portions and said that the other one was for a friend (which, as you may have understood, was a lie) i finished my lovely meal, disposed of the leftovers and walked home and had a wank. later that evening, it turned out that poseidon was not happy with people who took double servings, and decided
i took a bus from prague to budapest, though i was told it might terminate in bratislava due to bad weather. for about 9 hours, we move an astounding 2km while giant industrial trucks drive past us the opposite way. i call one of my friends, who tells me that the internet tells him tanks are being sent into the country to rescue people from snow. someone wound up giving birth in the traffic jam.
i posted a link to /r/mylittlenosleep when it is not there on the first post of the thread (my post) .
i've been single a long time now, and we all have needs, right?  so, during a quiet moment, i decide to have a bit of 'me time' with the computer. i go to my favourite porn site, and, as i enjoy watching some gay porn, i found a nice link of some young men performing what is known as a 'circle jerk'  i settle back to see what these young men do, obviously involving, well, jerking in a circle over another young man. i was just getting really *ahem* interested, when my son, who was about 14 at time time, and not to be fooled, wandered in to my room to
F-250 had a sun roof and let it go through open, wetting everything. Now im mr. sun roof. So to start off i work at a car wash where i sometimes prep the cars down with a pressure washer before they go into the tunnel to be cleaned on the track. Well i didn't realize this brand new f-250Had a sun Roof and let It go Through open, Wetting Everything. now im mMr. sun Roof.
The dream occurred at 2:30 am in the morning. While sleeping i have a dream of playing gta iv for some reason, and it's wierd cause i've never played that game in forever. In the dream i run a stop sign and end up getting shot and killed by a cop for it.
i was on the verge of pissing my pants when i spot a large flatbed tow truck parked on a street that was perfect for a clandestine public urination. i briefly look up into the cab, empty. i unbutton (more to that later), and start. suddenly i hear a voice...*from inside the truck!*
Once, i was an avid runner. i had slowly worked my way up to 10k with a decent time and was proud. all throughout smoking half a pack of reds daily, drinking far too much cheap bourbon nightly and eating poorly because it all seemed to balance out. well sometime last summer i injured my knee. the doctor's response was to have me not put unnecessary strain on it. i stopped running, but continued smoking, drinking and eating well. today, a good six months later i decided to go out for a run. i dug out my warm woolen socks, homemade ipod armband, and the shiny new runners i had bought as a treat just before my injury
i was coming back from a date when i felt a huge urge to fart. i considered holding it in but one step too big and my ass wouldn't be able to keep it in. so i thought, 'hey, if you spread your ass apart, it won't be so loud' i take off this shirt, widen my stance, bend over, and use my hands to spread my ass apart and fart. just as i finish, bam. my roommate walks in. i'm almost positive she told him. i don't know what to tell her if she asks.
The girl is dating one of my friends and not me. She has been extremely cool about it, and even told me it doesn't matter. pretty much self-explanatory except for the fact that she is dating a friend of mine and we are extremely close friends.
My mother decided she was going to make a reddit account. Within 20 minutes of being active she finds r/spacedicks. After consoling her and telling her that not all of reddit was that bad she begins to ask questions like  "what's your account name? " and of course,  "what are you subscribed to? "
A friend of a teammate's went out last night and didn't come home. She and her boyfriend went to a friend's apartment where the door was kicked in and the skylight was open. Neither of them can remember what happened after they left their apartment. They try to figure out where all their stuff is but find out it was stolen.
My roommate and i were bored and decided we would play a drinking game. After ten shots of vodka, my drunken brain convinced me that i would not make that distance and so i proceeded to unload a torrent of vicious, alcohol induced sludge. It blacks out from there and next thing i know i am in the bathroom stall bracing against the walls.
 "I'm sorry, I don't know what I'm doing. I just want to know what's going on. What do you think? " I ask.  "What do you want to do? " I reply.  "I'm not sure. What's going to happen? " I say.  "You're going to find out "
When i was 10, i was helping my mom cut up peppers to make summer salad. i decided to put water in the hollowed out pepper and act like it's a coconut or some shit *and drink out of it*. i don't know what it was that made it taste as disgusting as it did, but something sure did.
Nope. looks pretty normal right? Nope! looks prettynormal right? Nope. Looks pretty normalright? NOPE!
i was staying my friend's (let's call him sam) house for a night with a group of friends. us boys were making sexist jokes all night, shouting at the girls to go to the kitchen and stuff like that. come morning, i'm woken up in the living room by a female voice. thinking that it's a friend of mine, i yell  "get in the god damn corner woman! " with a loud angry voice. to my surprise, i heard no answer. instead, one of my friends came over and told me i'd just been yelling at sam's mum, who i'd never spoken with before. needless to say, i stayed out of her sight that day
The new moderators have been announced. They were chosen based on their reddit experience, karma and application. The new moderators are: Mattm4473, Kraidium, fairytail, Thejackal8, and Prowolf8. P.S. The fuck up of the week is back! check out the sidebar sooon!
She stripped down naked, and yeah. i woke up in the middle of the night afterwards. oddly enough because i had to piss. she was gone in the morning.i know it's really not much of one, but that sums it up haha**. she pissed my fucking bed!
i was walking around the supermarket getting my groceries and at some point i dropped two $50 notes which must have slipped out of my pocket. i have no idea how i'm going to eat for the next 5 days. so i'm currently in that awkward period between starting a new job and getting paid. and i was down to my last $100 until i get paid on thursday.
i am a 23-year-old female with excellent credit, have had my credit card since i was 19 and have always been wary of internet scams. i have been wanting a burberry scarf (or anything burberry) for a very long time and so jumped headlong into the checkout process for my very own, suspiciously discounted scarf. everything went smoothly at first, gave my shipping and billing info, credit card info, and hit payment. the website said they would send me a confirmation email, which typically goes through immediately when you make purchases online. ten minutes goes by and no email, i checked back on the website only to see not one, but two charges to my credit
i turned off the lights and couldn't see, didn't know another person was in the stalls, and i heard a toilet flush and someone washing their hands. i thought it was karola, so i proceeded to slapped the random chicks leg. and she u2019s all like  u201c i told you ,i u2019m not the person. u201d
i was working a local event which is a huge edm concert as a bartender directly in front of main stage. the biggest rule was, no blue wristband, no walky away from bar with drinky. night powers through and i fail to check one person for a wristband because they were so miniature (but obviously over 21) that i handed out a drink without seeing a blue wrist band. she turns around and steps into my boss who was casually checking up for the first time in 8 hours. he looks down, looks at me, says  "really? " and cuts my wristband.
My wife can't take birth control so we have to use condoms around her ovulation time. last night i come home from work to find my wife waiting for me in bed with no clothes, a come hither look and a condom sitting on my pillow. i immediately get hard as a rock, tear off my clothes roll the condom onto my dick climb into bed and give the little lady a hurtin. well after said copulation we are both worn out i pull off the condom and throw it in a trash can that my wife keeps next to the bed, get up take a piss and we watch some netflix for awhile before falling asleep. in the two minutes i fell asleep he had knocked
i just started a new job and have been a little stressed about work. so last friday i left work at the end of the day and needed gas. i stopped at a gas station, pre paid inside and began pumping gas. my windshield wiper fluid box has a leak so my windshield is constantly dirty. while my gas was pumping i used the scrub thing to clean my windshield. finished, got in my car, drove away...  with the gas hose still in my vehicle. it ripped the hose out. after 20 minutes of the gas station attendent calling me an idiot, taking my information, and telling me they just had that pump fixed the day before, i was on my
My cock looks like it has been beat on by mike tyson. It's bruised and looks like i may have a varicose vein now. Plus, it's ugly as fuck. My gf thinks it's funny. kinda is.  i look down and it looks like my cock has been beating on by Mike Tyson.
i was doing work on car down in a heated garage under my work (i do not have a garage at home so since its winter here, i find it easier down there) i suddenly had the urge to shit and the door to my work was locked there was no way i was going to make it to another public bathroom, so i grabbed a micro fiber cloth out of my car (clean one not dirty) and ran to the nearest garbage can, barely making it to it and shit right inside of it wiping with the cloth. thankfully no one saw me doing this.
A shipping warehouse worker wrote  "battletoads! " on a receipt for a customer. The customer was a famous pawn shop that hates battletoad's. The company that contracted the warehouse didn't realize the order was for them. The client understood that we were attempting harmless fun, having no idea about the extent of the prank.
i think it has been deleted now as i could not find it. does anyone else see the tifu about the kid who emailed a bomb threat to his university in order to get out of finals? I was like wow, i saw this guy confess to this on this sub!please someone tell me that i didn't dream it.
10am's phone falls into a pool of toilet water and 10am cum. The screen goes blank, the gorgeous milf that was taking 10 inches just to pleasure me disappears into darkness, and my recently purchased $600 phone, with no insurance dies with it. 10am's mobile pornhub page:
i taught a woman how to use cleveromegle and we had an awesome conversation, but before i could get her name i exited the page... (ok its not really that bad of a tifu but she was cool and i wanted to keep talking to her)
i came back trying to internally transfer to the business school and needed to get a 3.0 gpa in order to do so. i just got my grades back today and found out that i got 3 b's and a b- to give me a 2.97 gpa. i didn't get in and will have to withdraw out of the university because i cannot afford to start fresh in another major. now i have a shit load of student loan debt with not degree to help me pay it off.
i lost my virginity the summer before freshman year. i wanted to give my last one to p just to fuck with him. i couldn't find p anywhere for the rest of the day. my dad - the man who had 4 kids by age 28 (me at 20) would most likely lecture me about sex. i hate lectures.
i have braces and sometimes food gets stuck in them. so when i took a drink of my coffee, i thought the thing i was feeling in my mouth was leftover food. crunch... feels squirt.... wrong. not food, fly. i vomit immediately all over myself and still feel nauseous thinking about it. :(
i work for a middle class, but professional car dealership and i'm both new and young. when i hang up my coat as i come in, i pass by the general manager's office. our gm is a very friendly man, but very strict on rules and social policies. He says he says hello in passing, and my response?  "whatsuuuuup niggga! "
i'm a distance runner but we have to play football to get a grade. i sprint after this guy going for the touch down, i miss him, i slip right on my behind about five feet. i don't remember getting hit but i hear i had air time. a couple seconds later i land on my right arm and my left wrist, again. i get up really quickly and my collar bone feels wrong immediately. i feel the collar bone, definitely broken. fast forward, nurse's office, nurse looks at me, nurse calls mom, mom takes me to er, totally out of it at this point. they give me two shots of morphine in both arms, but they can't
i'm a senior in college and have only had one serious girlfiend in that time. as far as i can determine, the reason for my lack of a relationship is a combination of things. i'm shy, i'm kind of an asshole, i can never take a hint, i always assume the girl likes someone else. i could go on. i won't.
A baby turtle flipped over in the middle of the fairway of a golf course. The owner decided to put him in a nearby pond. After a couple of minutes, his shell turns upside down, and sinks to the bottom. i still to this hour have no idea if he was fucking with me or i had just drowned a baby turtle.
i planted some grass seed last week and had to water it. i also bought a pocket hose, because although i am neither 5 nor 75 years old, i *am* a lady who does not enjoy lugging 50 pounds of garden hose around the fucking yard. since the patch is close to the back door of my house, i didn't bother putting a bra on beneath my white t-shirt. i turned on the water, raised the hose, hit the lever... and the connector for the sprayer nozzle immediately rocketed off into space.
A photo of my mom on a double-decker bus went viral on reddit. She got hit in the face with a telephone wire. She's ok, but has a shiny bruise on her chin. She said it's been a little hard to tell the story to her colleagues at work.
i was taking a nap and was left alone with the baby, she's my niece btw. i gave her a tablet, she like to play with those fish live wallpapers. Whenever she plays with it she used to tap on something else,minimizing the wallpaper. She got so cranky threw the tablet and it hit me directly on my eye.
My girlfriend and i went to a party tonight, but took separate cars since i was heading there from home and she went there straight from work. On the way home, we were at a stop light next to each other and decided to have a drag race, totally not noticing that there was a cop a couple cars behind us. right when i hit the 45 mph speed limit and let off the gas, i saw the lights behind us and the cop's  "both cars pull over " blared from the car.
 " android doesn't recognize  "sec " as an adequate phrase. So after turning down this guy, i responded  "one sex " He thought i was asking for a one night stand. i can't even. i ended up panicking and blocking his number. that is all.
Neighbors are out of town, kid said i could have a party at his house when their gone. ends up we went all out blacklighted everything and a hole ended up in the wall. i tiny glass bowl got stolen and the garage smells like cigs. hole is fixed but can barely tell where it is.
One of my teammates had drank all my water so i was super thirsty and i see a carton of waters on the ground. so i walk over and take out a water bottle, my friend calls for one so i toss him one. and of course one of our coaches is right behind me. so, i get yelled and told to put the water bottles back. my coach tells me i can't do that and i am gonna have to run for it. i'm just thinking  "oh well that was stupid, but not a big deal. " then at practice the next day our head coach calls me over and asks if i have anything to say. i tell him the story of me taking
i was with my girlfriend and family today. we had a cousin in town, the source of my fuck up. he brought some fresh jalape u00f1os and bet me 20 dollars i couldn't eat 10 in one sitting. i did it no problem, just like candy. 4 hours later, i was taking my girlfriend home. i all of sudden had to shit horribly. i made it to the quik trip 5 minutes from her house and had to stop. i ran in and got in the bathroom just in time. a stream of liquid lava started seeping into the toilet as i bit my lip to keep from making any noise.
i was on a road trip with a group of friends. We decided to stop for lunch. I had to go to the bathroom. It was a long way from our destination. It took 10 minutes to get to the right stall. I shit myself. I'm not proud of it, but it worked.
The other day was a normal day like any other. but when i got home, i was feeling the need to fap. so i got my business done and went on with some other stuff. the rest of the day was boring so the only thing left for me to do was fap again, and again. i usually only fapped once a day but i went ahead and did three. everything was fine.... until the next day. i woke up to take my morning piss and my dick was swollen. whenever i took a piss it hurt so fucking bad and it felt like a had a golf ball in the middle of my dick.
i was at my local cricket nets and my brother bowled the ball on the roof. when my dad went to get the balls out in the field i decided to try to hit the ball down with the bat. it bounced back, hit me in the face and smashed my glasses cutting me and giving me a black eye.
A Dutch student has been suspended for posting a picture of himself on reddit. The picture shows a boy with acne. The boy is studying dermatology at a university in utrecht. The school has a list of mailing lists for students. The students were told to put the pictures in the cc of the mail.
i wanted to give my boyfriend an amazing blowjob while he played Pokemon on his gameboy because he once told me that was his fantasy. i was a little too drunk and deep throated him and puked all over his perfect penis. i cleaned him up and finished him off but then i threw a hissy fit over nothing and got grumpy and left in a storm. i then sent him mean messages. i really fucked up today.
 "I've got a $10k treatment plan that has to go in effect before some of my teeth start falling out "  "I forgot to make an appointment once i *had* insurance has left me with cavity riddled teeth "  "word to the wise kids- always take care of your teeth! "
This past sunday a coworker and friend of mine got married. After the reception we closed the club/restaurant down and a sizable group of us are looking to get into some more trouble. We go back to the hotel, more drinks, then walk to another hotel which had a bar still open in it. The next thing i remember is i'm in a private room with this very hot, young, stripper.
A followup to me being baked off my ass at work, sorry about that. It was a crazy weekend - between birthday extravaganza celebrations and all this fucked up stuff happening in boston i haven't had time to post a followup.
My daughters birthday is coming up so we decided to make a pinata out of cardboard. We decided to hot glue some of the places that the tape didn't want to stay on. well hot glue dribbled down the side so i used my finger, like the genius i am, to stop it from running all over the pinata. it really hurt so i put it up to my lip...now i have a piece of my lip burnt off and my finger is starting to bubble. i really don't know why i wanted to stop the pain lol please forgive me if this sounds like crap, this literally just happened and i can't type well.
i haven't had sex in over a year and a half and it's just sort of gives me this weird glimmer of hope, like hey! there are people around you that want to have sex! and yes, i know cl is a big, gross, disgusting trainwreck...that is kind of fun, or funny sometimes.anyhow, i open one post and...it's one of my employees. and, his penis. two penis pictures, and one of his big, smiling face. he even signed the post with his name.
When i was 10, i drew a picture of a naked woman. My mom found it when she cleaned my room the next day. She didn't say anything, but i don't think she would have been surprised. It was the first time i had ever seen porn.
i had only met this girl a few times and thought she was totally hot. she initiates the exchanging of numbers so i decided it is a good enough sign to ask her out for some drinks and dancing. we get there at 10 and nobody is even there yet, let alone dancing. so we end up just talking for another hour and a half. come to find out this girl is actually really smart and funny! we are also starting to get faded. as the drinks keep going and the night goes on i start to get wild with my date on the dance floor. i am not sure what constitutes wild for you but for me i have never been so pornographic on a dance floor in public
i spent the night at a friend's place last night following thePokemon x/y midnight release. he went to sleep and - as a result - woke up long after i did. i decided that before he woke up i'd try and fix a longstanding display issue with his computer for him. there's always been a bit of overscan on the thing since he uses an hd display. i changed one thing in his graphics card options and now the display doesn't show up at all. i'm not sure what to do to fix it but at least he's not pissed at me.
 "i can't believe i just called my insecure friend, a girl i love with all of my heart and soul, a brown cow "  "i want to cringe into nonexistence just thinking about this. i know that i am a complete fuck up and a bitch the likes of which i didn't even know were within me "
i'm a writer. normally i don't dabble in horror/murder mystery, but this dark room got me thinking. it would be such a perfect set up for a horror movie. i saw the looks on their faces and decided to shut up. now they think i'm a psychopath.
i was in the shower and as most guys understand sometimes you get an itch on your balls/dick and you gotta scratch it, but a normal fingernail scratch doesn't cut it. i see one of these and i think,  "hey, this would probably feel great! "
i was fapping my dog when things got a little 'out of hand' and i shot into the air. as i turned to clean up, there he is, fast asleep still with cum on him. i washed him off and towel dried the poor fella, followed by a series of treats to say  "i'm so sorry "
i use my iphone as sort of a makeshift alarm clock, so it play a song through my blue-tooth stereo in my room. the song i have it set to play is [fire hive by knife party] because it is **impossible** to sleep through. i wake up, hit the *snooze*(not the stop button) button. i have to snooze setting set very late. i eat, grab my phone, and head out to school. as soon as i walk into school, my buddy tells me we are having an assembly and i should go to the auditorium. we get there, and we have the assembly explained to us.
i've got a test coming up and wanted somebody to study with, so i messaged one of the girls in my class. asked about time and place and asked what her middle initial was(her first and last are k and c). she said it was m and wanted to know why i was interested. i told her it was because i was thinking of making a kfc joke. she stopped replying, and i didn't realize until just now that there's a pick up line that goes 'you must work at kfc because those are great breasts and thighs' just sent an apology e-mail tifu.
Last night i decided it was time to whip out the ol' bongowski. Three hours and 5 rips later i decided to get one of the best pizzas ever. sadly, the pizza place serves no fries (what kinda pizza places doesn't sell fries ffs?) so i went to the burger shop right next to it. the fries was a fast 1m order; out the frier, poored liquid gold ontop, and in the box. i run to bathroom and release yesterdays lunch in a mighty push of hiroshima proportions.
i bake fairly often, and i decided to make brownies today. 30 minutes later, i pulled the brownies out of the oven and saw it was bubbling. confused, i thought about what might've caused it before i realized i never added flour. now i have chocolate goop.
This happened last night, but i figure it's been less than 24 hours, so it's still today. Last night, i was hanging out with a few people from my floor. we had a guy bring alcohol, so i got a little buzz going. this guy, who is roommate to a female hallmate's boyfriend, says he has weed. he asked if we wanted to smoke with him. i, having never smoked weed and alays wanting to try it, said yes. me, him, my roommate, & our hall mate and boyfriend all go up to a secluded area (our rooms have smoke alarms) and start to light up. i was already a little off,
i was working at a college bar with a girl who was a maxim  "college hottie " it was after closing time and we were the only ones on the second floor. we were talking about how good of a night it was and she picked me up in a bear hug. i farted audibly. as i started dying inside, i tried to laugh it off. she laughed nervously then made excuses to return downstairs.
i'm on a road trip to another state with my husband. we are driving late tonight for many hours, and i decided to switch driving with him at a little restaurant. while there, i decide hey, we could use a little coffee, so why not grab some for us? we buy the coffee and get in the car, and start slugging our drinks on the highway. about 10 minutes into the drive i feel unusually tired and lethargic. over the next half hour i go from sleepy,  tired, reclining in the seat, to finally nauseous and begging my husband to pull over at a stopping point. before we even reach the hotel main drive i tell him to
 "i haven't been on ifunny in like 3 months. i bet you would be the same way if reddit was taken off the internet ( for some unknown reason ) and was later put back on the internet a year later "  "i like bacon and all but what is their obsession with peanut butter and some girl with big boobs ( i think i just answered my own question )? "  "i think i'm gonna stick with reddit for now on "
This happened to my brother when smash brothers was brand new on the 64. My brother was continuously farting like a anal maniac demon. He also kept pausing the game and being all like  "i gotta use the bathroom brb nigga " every time i remember this happening i giggle.
i stupidly figured the triple heating of proper cannabis cooking would kill the mold and didn't do my research. i'm a bit of a hypochondriac so i'm naturally worried, but i'm in good physical health with no disorders and only one known allergy, to cannabis ironically (it plugs my sinuses like they're full of cement).
 "i went to a bar with some friends. it was  "penny pitchers " aka really cheap beer for college students. i was tired and didn't feel like being out late so i drove there with the intention of driving home later. after a lot of drinks and several hours later, i am obliterated. the next morning my friend drove me back to the lot to get my car. "
i got a barbacoa burrito with all the good stuff in it, and finished the whole thing. two hours later, i am entered in a beer olympics. i go first, chug half the pitcher and pass it to my teammate. i immediately vomit. the puke was all beer, nothing crazy. i get made fun of.
i'm a debater, and our tournaments are typically friday until late at night, then resuming early s Saturday morning. on debate weekends, i typically don't interact much with my family until sunday. before crashing i decided to have a little fun. i got out my toy, lube, and some lingerie. i really enjoyed myself and was completely spent afterwards. i woke up late s Saturday and had literally thirty minutes to get ready and head up to school, so i completely forgot about my stuff from the night before. i left it all sitting on the floor.
 fuck. hell. fuck. oh. my. god. What. the. fuck is going on? What the. hell is happening to my life? I. don't. know. what. the hell. am I supposed to do with myself. I. just. can't.
i live in a very traditional mexican family, so i'm not allowed any boyfriends and am only supposed to focus on my studies. my mom's the more lenient one, while my dad is a little more strict. well i've been in a relationship for a couple of months, and my mom knows about it along with my siblings, the only one left in the dark was my dad. anywhoo onto the story.
i had bought tickets for myself and the girlfriend to a play on broadway in early january. the performance was for friday evening, which is when nemo decided to hit nyc. we ended up not being able to go for the play. i checked on the theater's website to see if they offered a refund or a switch for tickets. sure enough, they had a notice saying that you could buy a new set of tickets for some other date, email them with the order details and the previous ticket details, and they'll issue a refund. so yesterday (s Saturday), i bought Tickets for the evening show again (this time, no discount, so even more expensive tickets
i dropped a bottle of hot pink nail polish on the kitchen floor. often times they will bounce, this one shattered. the floor is tile, but it got all over the side of the wood cabinet, and also on the wall. my mother does (used to do) faux finishes and had done some plaster work and free hand painting to make the kitchen look like an old tuscan restaurant.
So, on instagram you like photos by double tapping them. Me being the genius i am didn't think of that before literally cumming on my phone, which in turn liked the photo. It wouldn't be so bad had the photo not been of a guy, (me being closeted gay), literally half a year old.
Friends invited their friends and a few things got broken, nothing major, but there is a lot of cleaning up to do. folks had sex everywhere. there was grinding. and there was a lot more grinding. There was also lots of sex. and lots of grinding.
i honestly do not know why people haven't pointed this out...or how i've managed to get into fully 3 different (very decent)colleges, landed an few interviews, and conducted some real life business via email, with my name on all of my official use accounts as  "idonthaveaname " how did i figure out this was happening? i forwarded myself an email to my other email address. it's been that way for about 3 years.
 "i don't know what the fuck is going on, but pretty sure i fucked up "  "She avoided all contact with me and refused to even look at me "  "i'm pretty sure she felt used and what not "  "I don't think i've ever been so drunk in my life "
 "i was stuck for about, 5 minutes. i may have lost track of time, being in the snow and all, but it was not fun. so kids, let this be an example. you are never  "too cool " to wear the second strap. did i mention that i also wore jeans? yep, soaring sensation of cold straight to my balls "
i was taking a class that was two weeks long, and over the course of it i became good friends with this girl, i really liked her. She wasn't  "super hot " but i found her attractive, not just looks but her character, our common interests. The idea of asking for her number was intimidating to me, but yesterday was the last day of class... i was going to get her number, i had never been so confident about doing it before.
never again. i ended up tearing a muscle in my neck. doctor said to rest for a few weeks without bending the neck too much. never again. I ended up tore a Muscle in my Neck. Never again, I think to myself. I can't believe I did it.
i'm laying on my bed with a t-shirt and some boxers on,a tissue on my pillow and the door is locked. right as i've found the perfect porn clip, and i'm just about to blow, i hear the lock being undone to my door. i make sure to calm my body as much as possible while jizzing near 40 minutes worth of build up underneath me. i end up laying there for 15 minutes before he decides to take a shower. he then turns his back on me and goes to the other side of the room as he rifles through a box to find some spare cash.
 "i've been single for a while, but feeling a yearn for female companionship "  "There's just something inexplicable about her that has really caught me "  "i haven't quite figured out how to handle sending that message, but i haven't been shopping since "
The bhoot jolokia chilli clocks in at more than a million scovilles. This chilli is so hot that you need to just touch it to your tongue for an hour of epic flailing. The only thing that scales down the burning (sort of) is milk.
Dara o'briain's new dvd craic was one of the funniest things i've seen in years. He had just finished his 'explaining modern technology to leonardo da vci and other great minds of the past' sketch. Then he moved onto 'the stupidest thing you've done on holiday' part, to which he told the audience about the man who kicked an armadillo.
A few months ago, i decided to read the 50 shades of grey trilogy just for the hell of it. My boyfriend mentioned something about 'borrowing the book for pointers' and an idea struck me. i went back and annotated the whole book, with notes and ideas. i even wrote some of my sexual fantasies in the back. i gave him the book, and eventually he gave it back, and i forgot all about it. yesterday my grandmother decided she wanted to read it. not wanting to spend $15 she asked to borrow my copy. without thinking, i gave it to her..only realizing my mistake after she had begun reading. after looking everywhere, i can't seem to
i was just trolling around facebook when i remembered that i had to tell this girl that me and my friend found her lost ruler. we chatted for a while...then all hell went loose. atleast it could be worse, i thought to myself. then i saw this picture of her and her friend.
i had just moved in with my flatmate and we had people over for a mini flat warming party. A guy from work, we'll call him paul, was creeping on my new flatmate, whispering sweet nothings in her ear. Me, being incredibly subtle, text my friend saying 'look at paul creeping on yana'i caught her eye and told her to check her phone, but she didn't have any texts from me. So i double check my phone and realise i sent said text to paul. at which point i see him checking his phone. i throw my phone behind the bed and exclaim 'has anyone seen my phone? i don't remember having
My car is a 1996 toyota camry that requires an oil fill every month or so. one day i bought a 5 quart oil bottle from autozone and without thinking straight, poured the whole damn thing into my car. when i finally noticed my rear view mirror completely blinded by smoke, i panicked and pulled over. i ended up having to leak a lot of oil out of my car on the shoulder before i could drive it again.
i was helping a neighbor by boosting a car that hadn't run in a while, and had to back into their driveway to do it. well, i couldn't stop. and my e-brake is inop, because i have my glow plug relay bypass button switch taped to the release lever. i ended up backing into his mobile home at 3 mph... no damage to either the car nor the home, and we had a good laugh over the whole thing.
i thought it was my younger brother and thought i would give him some holiday cheer by hiding then jumping out and scaring him. turns out it wasn't my little brother that was home but my dad. instead of getting scared he reacted by unintentionally punching me dead center in the face really hard.
 "It had been getting pretty itchy in my nether-regions so i figured it might be nice to trim or shave down there "  "within seconds, i had ended up cutting myself. this was painful in its own right, but add the shaving cream, and well, damn. i continued, despite this "
i recently applied for a new job that for me is a dream job of sorts. after a long process of multiple phone and in-person interviews i received a phone call that i will be offered the job and to check my mail for the offer letter. weeks roll by and no letter arrives in the mail. i send the person who hired me an email to check up on it; he's away on vacation for the month. he tracked it down and found out hr had the letter printed and signed, and then misplaced it. a few days later i receive the letter with a sincere apology note written by the hr employee responsible explaining that things got thrown off balance a bit around thanksgiving.
One of my coworkers(#1) was talking to me about her diet, and what she ate. about 2 minutes into the conversation, another coworker(#2) walks up. coworker #1 turns to coworking #2 and tells her something. what i heard was  "yeah, and i cheated my diet around christmas. i know it was terrible " once they told me what she actually said, i just kept apologizing. i feel like a total twat.
i always liked origami, but it took me a while to come up with the idea of finally making the famous paper crane. so during a useless computer class (that was sooo easy, and we could do other stuff if we're done with our work), i looked up the instructions and memorized them. when i had access to paper during the next class, i decided to make it. it took about half the class to figure it out and remember all the instructions.
On top of my sisters brand new macbook air. on top of her brand new Macbook air air. in the middle of the floor. on the top of the couch. ontop of the sofa. onTop of the coffee table. The couch. The floor. The sofa.
i'm on holiday break, and currently unable to see my girlfriend. the past couple hours were spent having sexy talk, but because i'm here, at my cousin's house, i'm not able to have private time. a little bit ago i decided to sneak off into the bathroom because everyone was asleep. after finally satisfying myself, i somehow get it on my hand and the floor. so here i am, laying in bed at 3am hoping it dries by the morning and isn't noticeable.
i want to show sincerity, maturity, and thankfulness to all of those around me. there is a roadblock some place that i need to move past. my entire life i was the poster child for success and goodness. yet i don't feel it. i still play it safe, afraid to experience anything risky or wrong. i feel like i am loved too much by my relatives. they are willing (and they do) everything for me. it seems like their willingness to love me is taking a toll on them. i want some serious help how to turn around my life.
i was standing at the urinal, phone in my left hand, trying to type out replies before i finished up. i got about 3 seconds into my stream when the vice president of the company comes into the bathroom. before he even got there, i was attempting to power off the screen(out of habit) and put my phone back into my pocket...   it slipped...  the amount of terror i felt made me react like a damn ninja.
My cousin from hong kong attending university near my house decided to stop by on christmas eve to celebrate the holidays. He decided to stay the night instead of going home to his empty dorm room. that night we had a huge meal, and in the morning i had a gigantic christmas morning shit. it was huge and kinda watery?  the thing was, it didn't go down.
i have a pinched nerve or something in the arch of my foot from running (with proper running shoes and everything!!) and i have a huge underground zit that hurt so bad i fucked with it and now it's worse. to make matters worse, i decided to dye my hair (black) since my (blonde) roots were growing out and my neighbor commented on them. my shirt was covered in hair dye. guess which? my areolas. painted with big black smudges.
i wanted some soft, warm cookies. i put two in the microwave, and set it on a minute, going to stop it at about 10 or 20 so they would be soft. i came back into the kitchen to realize i had cookies in there. i let smoke flood the kitchen. hopefully the candles, vinegar, and windows being open helps, because my stepmother is gonna beat my ass.
i am 26(f) and my boss is probably like 50(m) He is a scary guy, he is paid to be scary. He expects more from me, he feels like he can't trust me. i turned into a crying, shaking, hyperventilating wreck. he laughs and says  "i do it all the time "
i was so unfocused , coming out of  hard exercise in the gym ,  tired , want to pee , hungry .i stopped to withdraw money from an atm ,  i just took the card once it came out and run to my car. after 5 minutes i realised i forgot the 150$ in the atm machine , returned back to find them gone (obviously ). i am so depressed i feel  like a huge loser.
i have these nice boots that i've had for about 2 years. they look good. being the first day of finals for me, i decided to wear them so i could go in feeling good. 2 problems with that... those shoes have no grip, and theres a few inches of snow on the ground. i, an athlete of sure footing and balance, think nothing of it. boy was i wrong.
My flatmate (22) had never used a microwave before coming to uni. He tried to make toast in it by moistening the bread and whacking on full power for 20 minutes. He then included a fork the mix and has since made toast on the hob. He enjoys eating bulbs of raw garlic and watching tacky sci-fi from his birds nest atop the fridge.
My grandparents came from finland to visit us. my grandmother felt sick, so i take her upstairs so she can have a lay down in my mums bed. before she even gets up the stairs she says she has to puke, and asks for a cold glass of water. so she runs into my bathroom, this is when the realisation hits me: i'd taken a monster shit not two hours before. my grandma puked into my i flushed, cesspit of a toilet, around 7 inches away from my mammoth turd. i couldn't look her in the eye until she left, she'd stared into my tard.
 "I had a big, dried drop of blood on the tip of my nose "  "My right hand had a little blood on it. my right sleeve on my coat had quite much blood "  "i have a day to half past three. yay. i'm now sitting in school "
i thought one of my finals was tomorrow on thursday. it was on t Tuesday. i thought one was tomorrow night. i was so confused. i'm so sorry. I'm so embarrassed. I thought it was tomorrow. It was on Tuesday. I was so mad at myself.
i snorted 10mgs right before leaving for school. i had swallowed 10mg as snorted 5mg the night before, and was completely fucked up beyond functioning, but for some retarded reason(ambien logic), i figured snorting 10 mgs would be handle-able forSchool. i black out and completely forget what happens during 1st period. i turned in a homework assignment full of answers, which, before school started, i had not a single problem filled out. i apparently walked up to my teacher, mumbled some ambien-fueled nonsense, she asked,  "what, " and i repeated, and when she didn't understand, i just stumbled back to my seat
i thoroughly enjoy my penis, but it came out as i thoroughly enjoy penis. what has been said can not be unsaid. we both laughed our asses off and can store that in the memory bank. i am going to tell my girlfriend tomorrow.have a nice laugh tifu. i think you need it.
i'm 26, male, and have been peeing in sinks for at least 10 years, even if there is a perfectly fine toilet sitting next to it. i've peed in friend's bathroom sinks, strangers kitchen sinks, my girlfriend's parent's bathroom sink, public sinks (bars), and countless times in my own sink. when i'm done i really don't clean the sink up excessively well- i'll generally run hot water and splash it all over to get all the pee down the drain. i couldn't tell you why i do this. i know it's disgusting, an outright selfish and abominable thing to do to the poor people who use the sink after me.
Gage was on reddit after a quiz on posted a thing on ask reddit that said hi i'm noah(noah is the kid that sits next to him and is an regular reddit user) and i have been gay for 3 years now and i want to have sex with my chemistry teacher. then he showed it to noah and noah started laughing so the teach(this is the chem teacher by the way) looked over expecting to find gage to be playing a game but was mistaken. so they went to talk to the principle and all that and gage was like i like to go on reddit because it is funny and i need to relieve stress before exams, and the rule
i missed my final orgo exam. i was sooo sure it was friday, the 13th. turned out it was today (11th) biggest fuck up of my academic life (undergrad) e-mailed people worth e-mailsing already. worst is f2f begging isn't that easy since i live miles away as a commuter. feel like an absolute worthless turd right now.am i gonna die?
i violently shit into the fan. it was awful, the poop got sprayed into a good 6 foot radius all over my bedroom. just finished the clean up and i'm currently basking in a mixture of shame and glory. i had been having diarreah for the better part of the morning (thanks cheap liquor and taco bell)
This happened like three weeks ago so bear with me. i was in my drivers ed car(insurance reduction mothafucka) so were driving slow through a construction area and i see a few cops searching a car. and these are the unmarked car black suit kinda cops, so they're rummaging through the car. i think to yell as we pass  "the fucker is hauling meth ". instantly after i yell this one of the cops looks up at me. guess the fuck what, its the sheriff who's friends with both of my parents. so i get home and get the full shitstorm of rage for two hours. the only irony of this whole thing is they did
i was the lcbo buying some bourbon and some beer. She was this beautiful girl, i assume close to my age. She had this amazing long brown hair with some highlights/dye/whatever in it. big beautiful eyes i got lost in a couple times. she had a figure that i found ridiculously attactive, even wearing a work uniform.
i'm between jobs, and was down to my last $50. yesterday, i went shopping for food, and at the register decided my remaining money would be easier to keep track of if i had it as cash instead of on a card. i'd already stuck my wallet back into my pocket, and i didn't want to hold up the line, so i wrapped the twenty in my receipt and put it in my pocket. a few minutes later, my roommate finishes his shopping and we're walking to my car. i put my hand in mypocket and feel this longass receipt.... so i toss it in the trashcan next to the cart return as i walk by.
My mom and i went to the bar tonight. i somewhat recognized her and gave her a molly (i had taken one as well) well i get pretty wasted and i was faded from the molly and started chatting up my mom. turns out, i decide to leave the bar with my mom and we go back to my (our) place and have sex.
i was eating lunch in mexican town, the urge happened, and i needed to go off and use the restroom. when i was gone, someone stole the last taco from my plate. i have to face it head on...by myself. the confusion. the shame. the violation. a stolen dollar taco just changed my life forever.
i don't know why i did it, i'm not normally a prejudiced jackhole. i was picked on as a kid and i know how it hurts to be made fun of. my friend turned back facing me and died inside at what she had just done. we have never spoken of this incident since.
Lydia's mother teaches kindergarten, and she stopped by her class on the way to her own school. A boy ran up to her, holding a chair like a shield, and drove it into her crotch. The boy later asked her what  "f*** " and  "asshole " meant, and he had to sit out recess.
i tried to do some christmas shopping at wal-mart (yeah, i know, that was my first fuck-up) and picked out some things for my brother and stepmom. as i was using the self-checkout, i got a call from my mom telling me to get to the doctor's office and pick up a prescription. i asked for cash back so i could have some extra money in my wallet, but i was in such a hurry to get out that i left the $20 there.
The management company that owns my apartment came around that morning to change the batteries in the smoke detectors in all the apartments. It ended up taking twenty minutes for us to get everything into garbage bags and hampers and hidden away. We have four days to get this place in a  "rentable " condition since they'll never let us re-sign, or we're out.
Someone found the keys, got in my car, and wrecked it into a tree. They stole my tomtom gps, ipod touch, an old windows mobile phone, my gym bag, $6, a couple textbooks, and a sweatshirt that my dad had brought back for me from chicago. The worst part is that the car is totaled, so now i don't know what i'm going to do about transportation for work and school.
i had a huge double hamburger with french fries and a beer for dinner (screw you stomach! i'm on winter break!). eating that much made me want to shit really bad (it's a 'thing', i always shit after eating a lot for dinner) so, like any other normal day i just went to the bathroom. all looks good, nothing out of the ordinary, i'm alone at home, i have tons of toilet paper and not a worry in the world. most of the shit leaves, but there's this one motherfucker who, somehow, got stuck *vertically* in the toilet. it looks like a shitty greek pillar holding the toilet together.
15-year-old was caught smoking weed by his parents. His parents took him to the police station to talk to an officer. After a 2 hour yelling fest, he was grounded for 2 months. He can't even go to his school's big basketball games.
My girlfriend's cousin had just moved to the city and needed a place to live. He was trying to get away from his abusive parents and out of a bad life to get a fresh start. He lived with us for about two months, in that time he got a job, covered his own food and bills, found a girlfriend for himself and was really getting his life together. Everything was good until i came home from work and noticed that we had been robbed. They had stolen between $5000.000 to $10000.00 worth of stuff.
i have a wicked broken tooth in my mouth, i mean it is cracked right in half, exposed nerves and all that fun stuff. i'm doing my thing, making him all happy and i just decide  "ah hell with it michellexkarma, hes had his now it is time for yours " so i climb on top and after a few moments of thrusting i feel a strange tingling below.
Last year same time i got caught drink driving at a rbt (random breath test) and already on probation for that. oh and i'm on parole for possession of mj which i got a non conviction for. gg. kill me now. i can't remember the event clearly. i fucked up.
i was taking a shower and felt the need to clear the snorkel. the shower i'm in is a bath tub and a shower so it has the little pop up drain stopper. i start peeing directly on it so the pee will go right down the drain. unfortunately, the pee hitting the stopper caused it to go down. when i'm done i have to reach down into my own pee and pull the stoppers up.
i don't like getting my hair cut. i hate the awkward conversations you have to hold with them starting into your own reflection. anyway, a bottle of jack into the evening i decide to let her cut my shaggy hair. all was going well with the scissors and then it was time to even it out with the clippers. the sheer terror in her eyes before i realised what happened was horrifying. i looked in the mirror and had a reverse mohawk. i am totally bald and shiny now. i also have to go to work... as my role of an executive. i look awful and i'm super unhappy about it.
Someone left the chlorine water in the wrong cabinet and caused the chemical room as well as the 5 adjacent rooms to be filled with chlorine. The air in the back room is basically toxic, and that is after 2 hours of trying to circulate the air out. There was only one other student who had been in the room and he hadn't even touched those bottles.
i was taking a shower after getting home from work and i heard my fiancee walking into the bathroom.  she got in between the shower curtain and the liner and we were talking when i decided to splash water at her face. it hit the liners and she jumped back a bit. she started laughing so i turned the shower nozzle toward the liner.  as i grabbed the shower head and turned it i felt a pop and the showers head came flying off. so now she has a headache and i have a shower head to replace.
 apperantly the final i thought was happening tomorrow was on tuesday.  and it was for one of the classes i was actually doing well in this semester.   and i need to pass it for my major. i was going to take it on Monday but i didn't want to miss it.
i'm a silly teenager, and although i have no reason to shave my pubic hair, today i decided i would do it just to see what it's like. only after i finished shaving, i remembered i have a physical during christmas break. during my physical, my doctor will look at my dick and every thing else. i think it will be very awkward. does anybody know how to make hair grow back faster, so it at least looks like i just have short hair?
i was asked to take a sign down from the wall and use paint thiner to remove the glue. i put it all over my face and inhaled a lot. i then vomited all over the wall i had just been painting. the mess took me over an hour to clean up.
i work as a night auditor at a hotel and around 3am i was bored. on hulu.com i selected a movie called black water which i had watched before and also decided to read a little in the book my wife let me borrow. so i'm reading entwined in you by sylvia day (i know it's not the wildest book porn out there but for someone hard up it is) and was a very intense sex scene. i got hard and my work pants are a little tight. well after a few minutes of reading this scene i was hot, sweaty, panting, and horny as hell. i went to adjust myself in my pants, grabbed my
 applied for transfer to my top choice of college. did all the visible steps and paid money, which then brought me to a confirmation page that i had completed everything. there were no options left, just the completed text. weeks pass and i get accepted to all the colleges but myTop choice, which i hadn't heard anything from. fast forward to today, and it turns out there was one step i didn't finish, but guess what, it didn't tell me that when it said i had complete everything. it lied to me and completely ruined my chances to get into the college due to the deadline, and i'm out almost $100 just for this college. #2 choice here i
This is the story of one of the most memorable embarrassing moments of my life. It was my first date and i thought it was going pretty smoothly. On our way back from the coffee shop i noticed a wall, maybe about 2 meters high. i quickly climbed up the wall and began to walk across the top, beaming. i failed to notice that the wall made a sharp turn just a little ways ahead. next thing i knew i was falling.
i was having a sleepover at my uncle house the  "cool " kind of one and it was me and some other cousins just chilling out till late at night watching movies like always. i wake up randomly at 7 am and feel moisture in my pants but only around the penis area. i just washed the pants and wore the ones from the night before and acted like nothing happened. well this didn't happen today it was a month or so a go but i didn't think of posting it so here it is.
i read an artificial about how cats like their food warm as though it were freshly killed so i thought  "hmm, i'll microwave my kitty's wet cat food and she'll enjoy it 10 times more! " worst idea i've ever had. it was the worst smell ever. it filled the entire house up with the most awful stench I've ever smelled. i'll never be doing that again.
i was going upstairs with a glass of coke and i put it on my desk so i could start up the computer, i frickken knocked the damn thing all over my desk with my elbow! i went to the bathroom to get a bucket of water and a towel to clean the mess up. i have one of those pull up cutrains which go up and down so i made it go up so i would have a bit of light in the room and than the fucking thing crashed on my damn head!
i had been eating nearly raw chicken with out even realizing it. never in my life have i ever encountered such a thing as raw chicken. i spent yesterday evening paying close attention to my stomach feels but nothing seemed to be happening. i thought i was in the clear. i woke up, had a normal day, had plans for the bar this evening and since i finished my summer classes this morning, i was all set to celebrate. i couldn't even finish my drink.
i gave two residents cups (coffee cups) of nacho cheese sauce (hot), instead of cream of potato soup. i didn't realize what had happened until after they had left the cafe, and i was dipping up a bowl of actual cream of Potato soup for someone else.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Friday for a new gallery of snapshots from across the globe. We will also feature a selection of iReporters from around the world. Please share your best photos of the world with CNN iReport.
i'm working on transferring apps/data from my uncle's (nigerian, came into town for a party) galaxy tab 10.1. all of a sudden, his strong urge to take a shit hits me (kinda gassy before then, but didn't think it was anything) and i get up and run to the nearest bathroom. by the time i locked the door, i could feel the wet shit about to explode. as soon as i took off my pants, the floodgates of my asshole opened up, and let loose a torrent of diarrhea on my toilet. thankfully most of it made it into the bowl.
i was doing a really kickass job for a first-timer... until i backed up without looking, and took a sharp counter edge in my butt/vag area. i tried to play it off really cool through the pain, but there's just no looking cool in that situation. i don't think i'll be twerking again any time soon.
i was out driving with a friend this evening and we were out on a quiet country (ish) road. i was going 60 or 70 and i came over a hill. i saw what almost looked like a cat but a split second later knew it was a turtle of some sort. thing was way too close for me to try to swerve; i would have ran the risk of going into the ditch.
 "This actually happened  about 6 years ago but it is the epitome of my stupidity "  "i was in a group of kids and adults from my church's scout group. we were going to be rafting the river and just having fun for a few days "  "We were just stupid drunks, i was in pain but felt well enough that we weren't rushing to the hospital "
i just moved into this motel room with my boyfriend, because my boyfriends dad owns it and is giving us an awesome deal. well, i had put my toys in the bathroom sink and forgot about them. needless to say, i am mortified. and can't look him in the eyes...today, i fucked up.
 "i was sexting a hot girl, there's hardcore milf porn on the 54 inch telly, volume at 80, all the curtains closed, and my clothes strewn across the living room "  "i'm gettin' into it. shit's starting to go down. i look at the clock; it's only 9:30. mom said she won't be home until midnight. this is my night "  "my masturbatorium was invaded by the mother ship and i had handled it like a pro "
This is the story of the first time i farted in front of my girlfriend. We're still together almost three years on and getting married next year. She still brings it up at every available opportunity. It was a proper wet gurgler too!!!! She's still in love with me, so i'm sure it'll happen again.
The author's cat peed in the toilet. The cat is now covered in yellow urine. The author decided to wash the urine off of the cat's fur. The result was an angry, smelly kitty. The story is the result of a conversation between the author and his cat.
i reached across the stove. with a lack of a shirt. and according to gabriel iglesias, i'm somewhere between husky and fluffy. either way, the protective covering for the abs did its job...at the cost of me now holding an ice pack up to my gut.
i was sitting at my desk earlier this afternoon, redditing away, with a nice, tall glass of grapefruit juice on the little pullout-table thing that my desk has. As i absentmindedly reached for my glass of juice without looking at it, i instead knocked it over with my wrist, and it spilled all over my floor, and my netbook. i quickly realized what had happened and picked up the glass, but the damage was done. i immediately wiped off the bottom (it was sitting with the bottom up for whatever reason), set it aside, and cleaned up the rest of the spill. after that was done, i looked up a youtube video on how to tear
i was on my third bushel of hair when, mid-clip, i snagged a chunk of upper-dick skin and avulsed a half-inch flap. it wasn't bleeding at first but after about a minute blood started seeping out. panic, fear, and *why-me's* started shortly after. i don't think i'll ever not use trimmers again.
A friend of mine's mom died a few weeks ago. He didn't say anything about it, but i felt bad the whole day. Did i say something? Should i have said something? I feel real shitty just thinking about it. I don't know what to do.
i was hanging out with my friend, and he's always been kind of weird. this time though, he asks if i want to see who can eat more brownies, and i agreed. i think i ate like four or five, not knowing they were pot brownies. a few hours later i start coming to and realize that i was drugged and that my chest was sore.
i was bored that day and kinda good at graphic design, so that's what i did. i really didn't really take it seriously and tried to recreate the world's worst banner in photoshop and all of that in less than 3 minutes. however, i didn't tell him that it was a joke. as it turns out, he didn't even look at the banner and just immediately saved the link. so today in class he was asked to present his creation and my beautiful piece of work with midget porn, comic sans, and rainbow colors was presented to his 42-year old graphic design teacher. he's pissed.
for the past six months i have had three nice shirts that i can wear out of the house, but slowly over those months they have been wearing out. i normally treat it with kid gloves but i was super busy today and wasn't thinking when i started cleaning the kitchen. dumb!! the cleaner i use has bleach in it and while i was scrubbing i put my sleeve in a puddle of cleaner that i had sprayed on the counter. so now i get to walk around in public looking like a homeless person in rags. sigh.
i was giving a presentation in my mental health nursing class on suicide prevention. this was a group presentation, and the way we ran it is that we each took a section of the powerpoint to talk about. i was third, out of four. i'm not really into public speaking, but i make it work. i no longer drink coffee before class.
My 2 year old son is sick. i go to change his already shitty diaper,  and for those of you with experience, you know the position. i was sitting while holding his legs in the air to slip the new diaper under his butt, when suddenly he sneezed. holy shit literally. the sneeze caused the warm, liquid butt sludge to come flying straight at my face. it barely missed my mouth and hit my chin, and all over  my chest. as well as splattering all over the general vicinity. one of the worst things that has ever happened to me.
A bee stung the foreman on the head of his penis. The foreman went without underwear that day as well.  "i kinda wonder if he ever tried it again deliberately. who knows, it could become a thing if this gets out. haha. too late now "
This is a late post, but i have been cleaning the mess and i was too embaressed to post this at first but oh well, here goes. This weekend i went out to a friend's house to drink. in total maybe 5 beers, 3 shots of tequila, and a screwdriver. i promised my other friend's i'd stay over at their dorm room. i sleep in anthony's bed and pass out instantly no problem. apparantley, according to his roomates who are also real good frineds of mine, i woke up and pissed in his desk.
i got the database downloads mixed up and ended up nuking 4 days worth of work. first time i have ever had a boss call me incompetent. we were launching a new admissions site at our school. i messed it up. i'm not good at this sort of thing.
A 340-gram bag (depending on the mix) contains over 2000 calories. don't buy a bag and take it home, get about two handfuls and immediately walk away. if you're hungry and you get a hold of one of these bags, you could eat a day's worth of calories in a single sitting.
 "i'm sorry you had to see that but hey, shit happens "  "i'm back at my grad-school house, so hopefully with a little distance, my mother will not be consistently reminded of this ordeal via my presence "  "instead of turning the shower off, i turn it to the hottest setting there is "
A college student tells the story of how he got drunk with a girl he didn't know well. The girl was so drunk that she had to be carried back to the dorms by the driver of the truck she was riding in. The student says he was amazed at how sober the girl seemed while inside the house.
So i pretty much got a new job as a computer technician and because of that i put my two weeks in at my crappy fast food job. turns out that my computer technician position was put on hold now i am panicing as far as what to do. i have been applying to some places and hoping.
i walked down the hallway and said rather loudly,  "this music is awful! "  i then saw a head pop out of the room next to me and glare. i found out about 10 minutes later that it was none other than steven harper playing and his head of security had heard me. i can only hope he doesn't get me in trouble, but i could possibly be out a job.
Every year in october, my school has an annual blood drive. this was my first time giving blood, and i didn't really know what to expect.everything was going great, stupendously even. i finished and got up to pee, when suddenly everything rushed up to my head and i fainted. when i came to, i was on the floor, laying in a puddle of piss. i used 3 different cleaners just to get rid of the smell and threw my piss-soaked clothes in the washing machine.
i had the most convincing, vivid dream i have ever had. I was at a walmart on black friday. i really wanted this new vortex virtual reality game console, and walmart only sold them on fridays. While i am checking out a large crowd of 200 people line up behind me. i suddenly feel the overpowering urge to let 'er rip and let out the loudest, longest fart. flames shot out of my rectum and incinerated all 200 people behind me in line.
i always like to burn this one specific one when i'm cleaning because it calms me down. it didn't actually happen, so i guess it's not a complete fuck up, but i still felt terrible after the fact. am i going to be more cautious next time? nope, i'm just never burning candles again.
i have been dating this girl for around for months and, i honestly thought tonight would be my first time having sex with her. so we are in this upstairs room that has a wii and some games, one of which was legend of zelda: skyward sword and stupid, stupid me thought it might be fun and silly if i showed her how to play this fantastic game. so after the beggining tutorial part, she gets bored and tries to snuggle up on me but alas, i try to convince her that the game gets better. she sighs and refuses so in an act of intense stupidity i decide i will at least get to the first dungeon. after an entire first dungeon
i was getting dressed for work. took a shower, brushed my teeth. i started to wash my face when i notice my girlfriend left a bottle of what looks like face wash. i pick up the bottle, look at the directions: *for external use only. wet area and apply*. i was in a rush and out of face wash so i completely missed the vagina bit. washed my face with the stuff and went to work.
i needed a new laptop. the one i was using was very old and beaten to hell. this computer is basically as useless to me as the stationary laptop outside. i'm saying i can turn it on and get it to a screen that tells me to hit f11 and then sends me to a point where i can recover files and after all that restart the computer and then it goes in a complete circle.
i showed my 7 year old son my old music collection. i started with some 90s techno and he liked it. i then asked him:  "did you know that music can even scare you? " he did not believe me so i started aphex twin - come to daddy. he sat in his seat and was getting smaller and smaller until he cried. i instantly stopped the music :-(
i got an awesome new 150 gallon tank and decided i wanted to show it off to one of my facebook acquaintances, james. we occasionally chat about snakes and turtles, so i figured he'd be interested in my new aquarium. after i got out of the shower i took a picture of the aquarium and sent it to james, and that's when i noticed that my naked reflection in the aquarium glass was clearly visible. i was pretty embarrassed, but he never said anything about it.
The author's high school debate coach was a monk. The monk used his computer to look up debate brackets for a tournament. He accidentally opened firefox instead of his default browser, chrome, and saw porn on the screen. The teacher thought he was watching porn, and people around him stared.
i went to work every day for two months at a large navy yard where they didn't seem to work very hard. i came back to the motel tired and beat from working my ass off while they came back all chipper and full of jokes. then one day the subcontract ceo was being friendly with me and he suddenly asked me why he never saw me at work. suddenly he busts out laughing at me.  "not to worry. we have a contract with them too and it's all good. you just weren't supposed to be there.  "
As part of my job at a restaurant, i have to clean the large glass doors at the entrance of the place. they get really nasty from all of the hands that push on the glass to open it, so they have to be sprayed down from time to time. i spray down the doors real good, then i reach backwards. huh, the door is back farther than i thought it was. i take another step backwards, still reaching backwards. my hand hits something. it's not a door, but my stupid brain doesn't realize it'snot a door. i choke out an awkward sorry, look back down, hold the door open for him, and walk into the bathroom full of
i am a freshman in college(typical i know) and am also on the swim team. for whatever reason, i get particularly gassy after practice--im not sure if it is because of swallowing air or what--and my lactose intolerance doesn't help. i was walking back to my dorm and was overwhelmed with the need to untie my flatulence. i squeezed my cheeks together and pushed through the crowd on the sidewalk, and moseyed into the building. after swiping my id card i stepped into the elevator. phew, no one there. i raised my cheek and let out a good seven second fart--not taking into account that i entered the building at
i mustard all my might and obliterated my boxers with shat. people looked at me. oddly my new jeans was taking it quite well. i just washed it and using 2 cups of detergent and 5 sheets of softener sheets before shitting in it. never again i'm trusting my farts again.
The night before the wedding me and my bestman went to our local small pub to have a couple of pints. We talked about the next day and how my life had come to this and so on, i even talked how i wasn't scared or anxious. So when we got to bed it was like 3 am and we had to get up at 8, so not too much sleep for the night. The next day was perfect, despite my lack of sleep.
As a foul horny teenager without a cum rag in the immediate vicinity, i resorted the the nearest thing when it came time to blow my load, which just so happened to be a bottle on my desk. A few days go by and i pop a few more loads in there without thinking anything of it. Two weeks later, my mother comes down with some illness and is out of work for a few days. She recovers, but afterwards tells me that she went into my room to look for illicit substances, and notices the bottle onMy desk. Apparently it smelled funny to her, and she thought there might be alcohol in it. so, she tasted it to confirm. Shortly after she began to
Never say anything negative about israel on facebook if you have lots of jewish friends, it'll end up being a clusterfuck of shit at the end. never say anything positive about Israel if you don't have a lot of Jewish friends. never be negative about Israel on Facebook if you do not have many Jewish friends, you'll be judged for it.
i got carried away and put way too much on my hands. i guess i got my lighter too close to the excess germ-x, which caused it to catch on fire. i panicked, dropped the cigarette, and started to flail around trying to put the fire out. it went out pretty quickly,but i wasted a cigarette and looked like an idiot in front of a parking lot of strangers.
i was driving past appebees in a shopping center i work in. this was sunday at about 11:45 so all the church families in my town are heading out to brunch. well i thought the group of birds would disperse, but instead, i steamrolled a bird with my tire in front of a young girl and her brother. they couldn't have been more than 6 or 7.
A few years ago, my school ran a foreign exchange program, some students from a fairly wealthy suburb of barcelona came to stay with families where i live for a week. The exchange student i was paired with was a quiet kid who seemed really shy. A few days into the week, me and a friend were having an argument. i pretty much flip out and (in a move i'm pretty sure i got off assassins creed) i punch him in the gut so he doubles over, and kick him. all the while, the exchange student is looking at me like i just shot his dog.
i just finished up the last of the applesauce but i wanted to get the rest of it out. i left it upside down on my counter for a while. when i returned, all looked well. most of it was on the bottom. what i didn't know is that it created some sort of vacuum suction power and that as soon as i twisted the cap off, it  "popped " like a roll of pillsbury biscuits and it got into my eyes.nothing major happened after that, it just really pissed me off.
i don't even feel comfortable saying what i did with a throw away. it was so far across so many lines that there's no getting back to how things were. i feel sick to my stomach right now. today i fuck up, as bad as is possible. i'm sorry.
After a blowjob fest in the back of my car, the only way to clean up was to use these napkins. i wiped us up and found a little empty bag of pork rinds that i stuck the cum wipes in. i was going to take the bag out to the trash when i got home but i forgot. the next day, i'm driving my grandparents to the deli so we can grab some brunch. on the way home, she finds the bag of Pork Rinds and starts digging through it picking up the napkins telling me to not put my  "snotty tissues " into a potato chip bag. i corrected her and said it was a pork r
i was going back to my dorm from a doctors appointment, thinking about the homework i had to do and had a momentary lapse in attention. saw the stop sign was out but it didn't register with me because hey, stop signs are always on the right side of the road, right? the bus honked and i slammed on my brakes just after i passed it, suddenly realizing what an idiot i was. i could have gotten a thousand dollar fine, 80 hrs of community service, and two days in jail, but he let me off with a warning. i didn't stop shaking for a solid 45 minutes. i'm an idiot.
i had two exams. one midterm exam at 8am and a chemistry o-chem exam at 9:30. last night i stayed up until 3am trying to cram for both tests. i set my alarm for 6am so i can get up early and review one last time. i got up and went straight to my desk, opened up my laptop, and started studying. then i woke up a second time at 8:45am with my head on my laptop keyboard. i feel like the biggest idiot i've ever met and i don't know what to say to my prof. help?
 "i think i had two shits build up and come out at once - i fucked up by not taking the time earlier to let the first one out "  "i got off work and headed up to do laundry. then i went grocery shopping - all in all, i was too busy to stop and and let it go "  "on the way home i grab some coneys (chili dogs to most of you) so i don't have to cook when i finish putting groceries away "
Before he met his girlfriend he was pretty deep into drugs. After finding out that she was really against substance abuse, he promised her he'd quit all of it. He smoked a bong while at a friend's house and immediately felt an insane pang of guilt. She broke up with him.
i had to pull it out of my dogs mouth and throw it away in the near by dumpster. i touched his sperm. my brothers sperm. i can't express my disgust right now. there was a condom in the trash can. it was obviously used. i had to throw it out.
 "i'm usually one to take the fall, get up, and keep going "  "i didn't think i was going to fall, but i did. i attempted to turn my body but all i did was twist and then go,  "huh, that pavement is getting awfully close to my face "  " i can't close my mouth properly when eating and now i have to smack my food like a barbarian "
The comic has some funny parts and some other parts that are porn. i have been skipping the porn parts. i tried to explain to him that it is a comic strip and the creator also does porn every so often, i am certain that he did not believed me. word travels fast here and everyone now thinks that i look at hentai.
i know. i know, i'm an idiot. i'm sorry. i just want to know what's wrong with me. i don't know why I'm doing this to myself. I don't even know what to do with my life. I just want some answers. I'm so confused.
i've been getting emails from peter smalley on google plus for what seems like ages. i've gotten at least 500 to 1000 emails. i didn't know who he was and thought he might even work for google as a blogger. i'm blown away by how mean he was, i would have thought that someone with such success would be gracious and just politely explain that i was mistaken.
i woke up to my feet itching like crazy. a rash was appearing, and i couldn't find the anti-itch solution. finally, i found it and relieved the itching to a point that was bearable. but the rash was getting bigger. i have realy bad eye sight, and couldn't see where my glasses were to examine my bites better. so, i washed my hands so i could put in my contacts. when i put inMy contact my eye burned instantly. i woke up my boyfriend screaming from the pain. he ran in and i told him what happened while crying and trying to flush my eye in the sink. he turned on the shower and i then stood under the
i woke up hours later, freezing in the tub, where i apparently spilled most of a handle of jack daniels and soaked in it for two hours. i just started bawling. my roommate confirmed i completely reeked of booze, and it even got into my hair. i called the interviewer's office (after hours at this point) and said i was really sick and needed to reschedule. fortunately in the morning they said that was fine.
My dad is out of town for work and my sister just got home from working all summer at a summer camp. My mom asked me to go outside and start up the grill so we could have hot dogs and hamburgers for dinner. So i grab some iron and go to the lawn and start swinging it. i live in a neighborhood that backs up to a field so i though why don't i just take an old golf ball and hit it into the field. so i grab my dads driver out of his back because i don't want to go into the basement to get mine.  i grab a ball and tee and tell my sister to come watch. so now i am thinking i
i feel like total shit... 9/10 chance i am dying. i feel like u00a0total u00a0shit. i u00a0feel like total u00a0shitty. I u00a0feel u00a0like total shit. I feel likeTotalShit.  u00a0I feel like TotalShit...  u00a0i u00a0feeling u00a0like u00a0total shit.
i woke up at 7:30am with a wetness between my legs. i thought it was my period, so i ran to the bathroom to get a pad. When i looked at my hand, it was covered in blood. gross. i got dressed and went back to sleep, this time, protected :p
When i was 13, my friends invited me to their house to play kickball. My dad, who is a very christian man and thinks that homosexuality (or even guys liking things that have a bit of a feminine touch besides women themselves) is a sin, was surprised at seeing the large inflatable pink unicorn that the boys carried in. He asked why the f& u20ack i had a 'gay-@$$ pink unicorn'
i keep the cat food on top of the washing machine, which is in the attic of my house. this morning i found cat food all around our washing machine as our cat decided to help herself, i cleaned it and fed the cat. after about 15 minutes the fire alarm goes of. so i start running around like a chicken with no head and check al the smoke detectors downstairs but non of them had a red light. i then go to the attic to find that our cat apparently jumped on the plumbing behind our washer, so that two tubes got disconnected and the washer pumped water straight onto our attic floor.
i hadn't had to pee this badly since boot camp! i didn't pee myself then (like so many others) and i'd be damned if i did now. i've got an empty plastic liter bottle in my trash -- perfect! its got a small opening so i carefully align and hold my willy in place and release. i was displacing the air with my urine and there is no way i could possibly stop.
Last night i had to turn down sex with the bf because it was hurting enough. fast-forward to this morning, i wake up earlier than him and in my sleepy stupor wander downstairs. before i know it, i'm incredibly horny, and completely forgetting about last night, start going to town. i notice about 30 seconds after i finish that there's a slight tingling sensation down there, and with 2 minutes, my dick is on fire. i can hardly stand the pain. even now, 4 hours later, it still hurts.
Coffee on every surface within a conic spray pattern from my mouth... %$*&*!!!pull off at next exit. buy windex and paper towels. summon my best winston wolfe impression in my mind.  "i think fast, i talk fast and i need you to act fast if you wanna get out of this "
 "i was effectively dreaming about what i was imagining. i got too excited so i jumped off the bed and started to furiously masturbate standing up "  "i hear my sister walk right past my door mid cumming. she must have heard everything "  "the worst part? one of those girls has her name "
My dad and i have this thing about farting in our house. we actively compete with each other for dominance when it comes to loudness and funk. this actually happened last night but it didn't post for some reason. i'm still not sure why i thought it would be a good idea, but i figured why waste a good fart. so i hung my ass out so that it was just inches from her face and let loose.
The cat was at the foot of the bed and i wanted to pet him; so i pet him with my foot. Suddenly, my wife looks over and says  "babe, what are you doing? you're rubbing stormy's butt " i looked down and said  "hey, i guess i am " and continued, not thinking of the consequences.
Tifu went to the strip club before heading home for the night. After a few drinks in me already a little tipsy and i end up going to the back with this girl for a topless dance. After two songs pass and i think okay i got to go and be up for work in the morning, i get up and she goes oh do you want another vip dance, i think to myself well i didn't get one how can i have another.  this is when the fuck up sets in she gave me two vip dances without asking and me not knowing now im out 65 bucks and i don't have money for lunch at work tomorrow.
i was sardined on a train heading towards the city this morning, with about eight people within a one meter radius from me. i sneezed politely but my nose started to drip afterwards, which i delicately dabbed with the side of my finger. it was dripping faster, so i ducked my head under my hat and tried to stem the flow, knowing that i had no tissues on me. by that point it was running down my hand and onto my dress, and all of those eight people were staring at me (and of course no one offers me a tissue). i'm frantically rummaging through my purse to find something, *anything* to blow my nose on
After working in the shop all day i was hot and thirsty, to say the least. i grabbed the spitter and took a big swig of it. instantaneous nausea. it was so terrible that i had to pull over and ended up losing the contents of my stomach in the ditch. lesson learned, pay a little more attention next time.
 "i've been in contact with a girl over the summer and we hook up sometimes. it's fairly serious but nothing official yet. i've only had three drinks, and my bro comes and starts pouring shots for every one. this occurred around 12:30. this was at around 1:30, i regain some consciousness and realize i'm in the hospital, and i try to leave. everything is hazy and i stick to the walls. the nurse tells me i can't leave yet (i think because of 'paperwork'?) and i get belligerent, but eventually go back to the hospital. around 5 minutes later, a cop tells me to follow him, and he drives
Tagged derri u00e8re instead of back, now i'm known as my username. (he was cool about it, but i'm sick of people thinking i tried to cop a feel) do i need an explanation? tagged derri u00e8re instead of front, now I'm known for my derriere.
The breakup wasn't accidental, but it certainly didn't occur how i hoped it would. we just had our one year anniversary, but things were not well for us, we've been drifting apart recently. she just started a new job and we haven't seen each other as much as we used to. i know she deserves better than me and much better than that.
i had to order ~10 books for college, which i did off of amazon because it's much cheaper. i didn't think much of it until my mother texted me today saying,  "a package came for you today in the mail " guess who sent all their textbooks to their house? me. i need one of the books for next week and now there's no way i'm going to get it in time. my parents are going to have to pay to ship all 10 books to my college as well, and they probably won't get around to it until next week. so now i'm stuck without books i need.
i go to school in downtown minneapolis, mn. today, grumpy cat was apparently visiting and being exhibited in a show of modern art regarding popular culture and the interwebs at the leading gallery of contemporary art and media. this gallery is located less than three blocks from my school, and having taken the family car that morning, i was presented with the opportunity to hang out with my friends in the area around the wac. after coffee, i decided i was too tired to walk around a gallery for 2 hours, and told my friends i was going home. now my phone is blowing up with photo messages of a certain internet celebrity surrounded by my friends while i sit at home with
i just started class a few days ago and today i decided why not be naughty and wear a buttplug to class today?  stupid stupid me decided to wear a pear of loose shorts because it's still fairly hot out. i have no idea if anyone noticed, but i bolted for the lady's room and hid in the stall for a good 10 minutes.
The writer's ex-girlfriend told him she wanted to hurt him by breaking up with him. He says he is 'sexually incompatible' with women because he can't have sex with them. The writer says he wants a fiercely intelligent demanding woman to love him in an unconditional undemanding way.
i'm a notoriously loud serial rager, and have one helluva potty mouth to boot. so i'm attending a dance tonight, and i though to myself,  "hey, why not play some video games to chillax for a bit? " i hop on the 'ole xbox and launch the first game that catches my eye in my half-assed collection: call of duty black ops ii. i get into a few lobbies, quit, play a bit and then quit, and decide to play some kill confirmed on raid. its one of my favorite maps in the game, so i decide to go tryhard. fast forward to my second vsat streak; i'm one
My mom and sister were driving down the road and saw a momma duck and her babies trying to cross the road. the mom hopped up the curb but the chicks couldn't make it up and it was a real busy road. all the chicks started scattering and one fell down a grate in the road but they could hear the little guy down there  "crying for his momma " as my mom put it. My mom was virtually in tears all day.
i was taxi-ing back from university to my house (i have a scholarship, one can afford luxuries, also i was too hungover to adequately ride the bus without dropping a vom bomb over anyone within a 3 meter range) and the very friendly driver of african heritage was talking to me in broken english. we're laughing, discussing how lame traffic is etc. it was all fun and pleasant. then, the driver says  "this weather, friend, i hate it, it was sun, now is rain. you can't make plans because not know weather " to which i cheerfully responded  "yeah, you should get out of the country "  Now, what i intended to
My mom bought a snow globe for her grandmother. It plays  "wind beneath my wings " by bette midler. My aunt, her sister, passed away about 10 years ago. i felt like crap because, had i been in the store with them to pick it out, i could have stopped them from getting it.
 im broke and i needed the money. so i went to the pawn shop near my house to pawn it. i got 150 bucks, which is better then i thought. now my mom is mad at me for stealing it. she said shes going to the. pawn shop to look for it... i'm sure she'll find it too.
i had no idea *how* it got *there*. needless to say, it was awkward. not actually today, but 2 days ago. since i woke up early on this particular morning & being a teenager, i figured i had time to jerk off quickly. i guess kind of to get it out of the way so i finished & went about my morning routine. about an hour later, i go & talk to my mom because she's up now so i did that & then let the dog out. she said to me,  "did you spit on your arm? " & i look over to my arm to see a blob of cum.
i am in junior high, and my class has always been a troublesome bunch. i became especially fond of a girl, about 2 years older than me. Some of my crushes friends have been cracking a few wise-ass jokes, not targeting anyone in particular, but m seems to think it is directed to her and her friends (teenage girls) and j said one of those jokes, only once, (or maybe not, this is an extremely confusing situation) m was going to go to the principal, because she considered it verbal bullying, j heard that she was also going to point out her name, even though she only said it once, and felt betrayed or something.
 "i'm weird and i was just looking around on r/hentai when i found this really good picture of one of my favorite anime characters in a...well... indecent...position " i proceed do make some knuckle children and went to my next class. fast forward a little bit and my family had come back for a quick stop to drop off my dad and then they all left again to run some more errands. i being oblivious to this fact continued on like everything was normal, until they had left i and was done with class and i walk into my room scream  "oh fuck " and realized what i had done.
i just said without thinking,  "abort the mission! " everyone was staring at me with dropped jaws. i sat the rest of the class drenched in sweat because i was so embarrassed. after class, i apologized for what i said and my teacher laughed it off. regardless of her mercy, i fucked up.
My wife and I were about to engage in butt cheek sex. We didn't have any lube or anything, so my wife says, go get the almond oil. i run out of the bedroom fully aroused just bobbing away. i reach in the cupboard and retrieve said almond oil, i run back in to the bedroom completely ready to get us all oiled up. i unscrew the cap so fast it flies off and i can't find it, no matter it's not that important. i turn over the bottle and get my hand full of said liquid and proceed to douse my wang with it. not a full 3 seconds had passed and i immediately jump out of bed
 "i just want to say 'thank you' for all the love and support you've given me over the past 8 years "  "i'm so glad you're here. i love you all "  "I'm going to bed now. i'll see you in the morning "
The story is in the title i guess. don't cram all night kids. there's no point. the story isin the title, i guess, and don't u00a0cram u00a0all night kids, there's u00a0no u00a0point. the u00a0story u00a0is in the u00a0title, and i guess u00a0there's no u00a0point u00a0in cramming all night.
i've never stolen anything before, not even as a teenager. i'm a goody goody and kind of have an extreme fear of authority/any kind of awkward social interaction. i want to just go in with the 5$ and explain the situation, that i was distracted/nervous/kind of a space cadet and apologize. the female owner, who i was kind of observing, seemed a little curt/stressed out... i'm not expecting her to call the cops but it's possible there might be yelling/withering comments. the building is also extremely tiny so i'll be delivering my speech to an audience.
A. friend is mad. She's mad because she's mad at her friend for being mad. He's mad that he's mad about her being mad at him. He is mad because he's angry that she is mad about being mad about him. She is mad that she thinks he is mad, because he is MAD.
i lost my only source of income (after just getting a new place) because i got caught stealing some lottery tickets on camera. it was before i got the place, when i literally had no money for food, so i pocketed some scratch offs in hopes of getting some food money. now i lost my job and am being prosecuted. christ, i fucked up so bad...
 "i woke up to a very good feeling and a hard boner. then i realized that that feeling was an orgasm "  "i didn't risk the trash can, i chucked the cum-soaked boxers out the window "  "in retrospect, this could have been prevented by making the bed "
A fly landed on the windshield of a friend's car and he tried to kill it with his palm. The result was a spiderweb of cracks all the way across the windshield. The friend had to buy a new windshield and all the money i had saved up to use had to instead be used for a new window.
A reddit user has tried putting hot sauce on his dowsing rod. The result was a painful experience. The user decided to put his dong in a cup of milk to ease the pain. The experiment was a failure and the user is no longer allowed to use hot sauce.
My building is running new internet cables and have been in my building for a few weeks. When we first found out i cleaned my apartment and made sure it was ready for them to run. we then had a meeting and the landlord told us that we would have a door hanger telling us two days before anyone would be in our apartments.  Today i came home to find my and all my neighbors doors wide open with dudes running from one room to another.
 "i have been competing in this club for the past two years and both times have represented my state at the national level "  "my parents understand the significance of showing leadership in a college application and told me to run for an officer position in said club "  "i found out on friday that officer applications were given out at said meeting and she had neglected to tell me "
i had a tire crack due to dry rot on the way up to indianapolis. replacing the tire in indy ate up most of my available funds for the trip. i ended up vacationing very sparsely on borrowed money.on the way home, my car started really struggling to accelerate. it wouldn't go above 40-45 mph.
i have a ball python, and i needed to defrost a large rat to feed it. i left it in a bowl of hot water on the counter next to the sink. my mom saw it, she flipped out and knocked the bowl on the ground. now there's water everywhere, and a big dead rat on my kitchen floor. my dog comes out of nowhere, snatches the rat, and takes off. i assume he ate it.
 /r/tifu has reached 100,000 subscribers. Do you have any ideas for new features for this subreddit? (we started the fuck-up of the week because of a user's suggestion) i'd like to take this opportunity to ask the entire /r/.tifu community: do you have anything to add?
i wanted to put my paper wallet in the safe deposit box my family has. there is some gold, silver and documents in it, nothing big though. i wasn't feeling very well lately and had some stomach issues. it's a 2 hour train ride with about 10 stops. usually i never use the toilet on the train. so my backpack was really full with stuff, like a lady handbag. i didn't want to carry my backpack to the train toilet.
i had let my dad borrow that jeep the day prior and he had locked the door. who locks a jeep wrangler with no top!? We spent the afternoon reassembling my car. at this point a good portion of the windshield and roll-cage were taken apart. and we had stripped a few screws... so... it took until sunset. we then began drinking once more.
i just got a new pair of glasses and was trying them out, i still had my old glasses with me, and i was swapping them back and forth showing my friends my new look. i left my new glasses with my bag, because fhey still need some small adjustment and are still uncomfortable, and hung out with my friends on the other side of the building for a bit.when i came back they were gone. hey reddit, tifu.
i live in a relatively wealthy town, but am personally middle class. my mother is a single parent and wanted me to have the best education. i know it's my fault for getting into the accident but i really just can't handle everything right now. i usually don't let money troubles get to me like this, but i just feel so helpless.
 "i live too far away to go change, have no backup pants here, and no easy way to disappear and clean them "  "i did the best i could, zipped back to my desk and here i am, praying i don't smell like piss and trying to figure out a plan to get through the rest of the day "
i'm broke, and i hate to have lost that money. for me, it hurts to withdraw a 20, and now it's as if i've just threw it away. i'm trying to not be obsessed about money in general, but it's not even about the money. it's about having trusted someone.
Due to [rhinitis] i had been having slight nosebleeds in the night. In the fall i managed to knock the top of the toilet tank off...and water is hitting the ceiling. i fumble and try to make the mechanism stop refilling the tank, and break most (not really) detachable bits off. i finally did what all manly men of my generation would do and phone my dad. his plumbing skills tell me how to shut off the isolation valve for the loo.
 "i end up having to call him in the bathroom to lend me a hand as blood poured from my finger, all over my hand, down my arm and on the shower curtain "  "20 minutes later, here i lay with my throbbing, bandaged hand over my head, hoping this thing clits soon...and no nookie in sight "
 "i'm a sixteen year old kid working 30+ hours a week and going to school everyday. it has been stressing me out and usually i do nothing about it until recently my friend said that i should smoke during lunch to de-stress and everything would be fine and that i just needed a break. so i gave into peer pressure, big whoop. well, it gets worse. when i get back from lunch after smoking a few bowls with a group of close friends, i start feeling it alllllll slip awayyyy. we were using the school computers and this kid in the class before ours left his account logged in. one of my buddies tells me that it is this
i took a picture of my dick and sent it to her instead. i wasn't paying attention, so i sentIt to t, he wrong person who shouldn't of gotten it. i took the picture while taking a shower and snap chatted (sex-ting) my friend, who in my contacts was baby bestfriend. similar to my other friend, (the accidental victim) whose name is bby bestfriend, they both are close together.
i am in grade 11 bio. each week my teacher expects us to take home the class pet, a hamster, for the day. besides being allergic and hating the thing, my teacher made me take the pest home. in the barley concious state i was in at 4am (my throat is clogged and my eyes are swollen from my allergies), the thing started screaming. i, to shut the thing up, grabbed my alarm clock (that was going to be off in about 2 hours with out me getting a wink of sleep) and threw it as hard as i could at the cage. just like that it was silent. i didn't even hear its normal sniffling. with
The gaming effort is this message. so this is kind of a recursive f*ck up. yippee. (oh, i almost fucked up more - or is it less? - by not remembering to link this:
i sent one apology letter per week, but to no avail. i give up trying. she'll reply if she really wants to tak to me, and if she never does, then she never cared. that's my ending to this fuck up. well guess what? she still hasn't said a damn thing to me.
 "i don't think i will be able to stay in school if i keep saying things like this, " says student.  "I don't want to be a bad person. I just want to go home and be with my family "  "I want to get back to my friends and family, " he says.  "i want to start again "
i've been on the job hunt so i've been attaching an electronic copy of my resume to every job i've applied at. when i went to make some revisions today spellcheck notified me that i had misspelled  "knowledgeable ", so i'd been sending out my resume with a huge glaring error on it.
 "Your cum tastes like piss tonight, " my girlfriend tells me.  "i don't think i want to have sex tonight, " she says.  "now she's really self conscious, i can't go down on her again any time in the near future without her feeling uncomfortable, i completely ruined the mood "
In november we finally moved into our new house that has a man made koi pond in the back. we decided to clean it out and fix it up, as it hadn't been well maintained in the last year before we moved in. we drained the water from the pond and took out all the fish and put them in a bucket. we kept the water in the bucket and all theFish were fine (about a dozen or so fish.) i realized that we needed to keep this water in there and that if we switched it with say, tap water, the fish could die. however, i forgot to tell my wife this, who would then convey this information to my mother in
The singer says the song  "made me take a poop on myself and i ruined my favorite boxers " He also says he's never been able to wear his favorite pants again.  "I'm like a little kid again, " he says.  "It's like I'm in love with myself again "
i've had a ton of this boxed off-brand macaroni and cheese sitting around for a while now, and decided to try to get rid of some. i ate about a third of it, felt full but nothing out of the ordinary (yet) My friend and i decided to head to our favorite bar to play some cornhole -- their outdoor bar opened up a few weeks ago and there's a killer cornhole scene. As we were closing out our tabs at the bar, i burped. it was wet and tasted like acid mixed with the orange powder stuff that makes shitty mac and cheese oh so delicious. unfortunately, whatever demon combination of mac and Cheese and shit smell that i
i went to wendy's and in the process of collecting my order managed to knock over my drink, drop my keys, then drop my sunglasses. when i sat down i said to my friend,  "that guy probably thought i was retarded. " when i met her eyes she was giving me a look i couldn't comprehend until i looked over and saw a group of people wearing special olympics shirts. i don't think i've ever felt so bad.
Thirteen year-old me (six years ago) is on a family winter vacation to the upper colonies. While visiting new york city and shit, i go down to boston massachusetts with the family. i enter to the strange and pungent smell of a new england hobo. i unbutton and unzip my pants and whip out my small pre-pubescent penis. i release a noise, not too unlike that of the hobo who preceded me. after a couple of quality piss-shivers, i reached to pull the flush lever, then pulled back my hand with a layer of gelatinous creamy goo. i had watched a porn film before, i
The orgasm was too powerful and i lost grip on my member part way through the first wave of cum. i quickly grabbed and re-aimed with one hand while wiping the offending jizz from my lips and finished the rest of the orgasm onto her. unfortunately the mood was ruined and i no longer was interested in the photograph.
No one has said anything about it. and forgot to clean up after, no one has mentioned it to us. No one has ever said anything to us about it, and no one's ever said it happened to anyone else. We don't know what to do, so we just keep doing it.
i ate 3 boxes of  "fiber one bars " as my exclusive food due to extreme laziness in the last 2 days. i am farting at least 2 loud boisterous farts out of my ass per 1 minute. this is worse than the time i ate an entire box of sugar free cookies.  continuous loud yelling moans are destroying my asshole.
The story is about a man who tries to fix a broken light in his apartment. He ends up with a bloody foot and missing the show he was watching. The story is based on a true story, but has been made into a film. The film is due to be released in the UK next year.
i've been sick lately so my bowel movements have been really irregular. yesterday i was in the bathroom at the library trying to poop. my stomach was killing me but i just couldn't get anything out. id heard you can sometimes get yourself going if you massage the area or pull something out. so i tried that and sure enough i felt like i could pullsomething out. when i did, it got stuck to my hand and i basically freaked out. i tried to get it off my hand, but i spazzed and flicked the poop offMy hand, into the air and over into the stall next to me :( worst part, a woman was in that stall. i really
i'm your average undergraduate student. i also happen to be doing a summer placement with someone from prof n.'s team. the professor in question is a legend in his field. the kind of guy who has been on tv many many times and is very well known in the country. i'm not starting my lab placement until may, but i happen to work in the same building as his team, so my supervisor-to-be thought it would be a good idea for me to attend their weekly meetings.
i horseback ride, and while working at the stables and leading the horses in for their afternoon feeding, one of them ripped the lead line out of my hands. i didn't think much of it until i realized i couldn't bend it. and of all the fingers, its [this one] that i can't bend.
When i was very little my stomach was hurting so badly so i had to use the bathroom when i sat on the toilet shit flew all over the seat and dripping to the floor. my dad walks in and sees the crap dripping. he started laughing so hard he might've crapped in his pants.
Just got back from work and literally sprinted into the bathroom. sat down to pee and i had to go so bad that the stream of pee went right out of the space between the seat and the bowl. it sprayed all over my underwear, pants, and somehow ricocheted upwards onto my legs. fuck it, no throwaway.
i used to be able to fart wantonly with nary a care in the world, but thanks to your particular brand of poison, i no longer trust my bowels. i've never been one to have issues, but i'm paranoid.*thanks*, obama!
i sent an email regarding a receptionist position in la and wasn't thinking and attached my resume which has my address and phone number on it. i feel so stupid! does anyone have any suggestions on how to go about doing this? i would love to hear from you.
Laptop + backpack stolen. laptop + backpack taken. laptop and backpack stolen from a home. backpack and laptop stolen. Backpack and laptop taken. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from. Share your photos of your stolen goods with CNN iReport.
i always forget them at home and sit on campus in silence. well, life planned otherwise. i did bring them with me, but upon moving them to my pocket they fell on the ground. i turn around to retrieve them, and they were gone. at least if i shit myself the story would be worth karma on here.
i got up for my classes today, got dressed, brushed my teeth, went to the bathroom. this was at 8 in the morning, and my class is at 10. it also takes an hour to get to my campus. i had to wait for the bus 15 minutes until i needed to leave. so i decided to lay down on my couch for a bit. next thing i know its 9:30 and i've missed my class.
 "i pushed just a little too far and he choked, reflexively biting down and causing immense pain to my little guy. to make matters worse, i looked down about a minute later to find that i was now bleeding. from the inside "  "i will be calling in to work in the morning so i can go get myself checked out :( "
 "i don't mind this at all - in fact i love pleasuring him in this way "  "i'm giving him one of my patented and groovy one-handy's and he moans in the fashion that i know it's my turn to help him - thermo-style "
The fluffy part of the q-tip got stuck in my ear. It took about 45 minutes to an hour(maybe more, probably more) to get out. i did it, i got it out and that's how i fucked up today. i'm a college student.
 "I killed the can without meaning too. went to the fridge, got it to put next to my bed to chug tomorrow morning.  was watching a movie, got way into the movie, reached over for a drink and killed it "  "It's gonna be a long night "
i ate 2 slices of pizza, hot wings and 4 caprisuns last night. i went to sleep not even ten minutes after. in the morning i did my daily routine. shower, eat and go. by the time i got on the bus i realized i made the biggest mistake ever, i forgot to take my shit.
A 23-year-old semi-pro poker player has lost all of his money in baccarat. The player was trying to test out a formula which takes advantage of the streaks which occur in the game. The strategy involved betting one unit, and double until you cover your losses. The plan of action now is to recoup that 2k, and continue with poker as my steady souce.
i'm trying to model hair and finding it difficult. i sort of haphazardly etch grooves and peaks to simulate strands. when i try to smooth it out, though, it doesn't really look like hair anymore. my professor walks by and comments that he thinks i'm doing a good job. i show him my dilemma and comment that i think smoothing it makes it worse, and then say  "but you like it rough, huh? " it wasn't till he started giggling that i realized what i said. awkward.
A man in Boston got off the wrong train home from a date. The train was supposed to leave at 9:45pm, but it was actually at 8:45. The man was wearing his first date watch, which he never wears, and had neglected to set for daylight savings time.
17-year-old played violin in a youth orchestra in the uk. Had to take a coach to a concert at 4am the next morning. Had not pooped for 11 hours. Took 20 minutes to go on stage. Only damage to his underwear was a single piece of corn.
Last night drunk me was watching tv in the living room and decided to just sleep on the couch. i turned the tv off and took off my bra for comfort. i started caressing my tits and decide to pull my shirt over my head which really turned me on so i masterbated obviously! thing is, i passed out that way... my parents wake up around 5 in the morning their daily routine before work. i woke up from noise and just saw my dad look in my direction and walk back into his room. i looked down and my blanket was a little down exposing my tits. i quickly reassembled myself and pulled my head under the covers in shame.
i made an egg, mushroom, chia seed, cilantro and garlic scramble (don't judge, i need to go to the foods libraries) i was starving and it was oh so delicious that i just scarfed her right the fuck down. afterward i proceeded to get ready for my day. at the end of my teeth cleaning ritual i always finish with brushing my tongue. unfortunately today i over did it, activated my gag reflex, and up came the scramble.
i'll do anything to make it up to my so. anything. my so is the best thing to come into my life in a long time. he's funny, smart, determined, kind hearted and a rock star in bed. and that's what i'm so pissed at myself for. Was the small amount of fleeting attention worth hurting my so? absolutely not.
when i was about five my parents thought it'd be good to bring my younger sister and me to church just to see if we liked it. it was one of those churches where they do a fair bit of singing and put their hands up in the air. my dad told me that they're trying to get closer to god. now at this point i had always thought that god was some magical ruler that lived in the clouds, so hearing about these people trying to physically reach him seemed ridiculous. i needed to help these people. so, that's about when i started running around the church screaming  "put down your hands, you're never going to reach god! "  my parents were pretty embarrassed
i was disassembling my winches so i can oil them. the outer drum on one of them wasn't coming off easily, so i started pulling harder. it decided to come un-stuck all at once and hit me in the face. a fountain of blood erupted from my nose and it took most of the evening to clot fully. i had to delay my repairs until the next evening.
i have a msi z77-g41 and it comes with a software called liveupdate and i started the program and it said there is and update for your drivers so i pressed total installer and it started downloading the updates and i went to get a snack and i came back to see it stuck on updating the bios. here is the picture of where it stopped.
Ifu by not clearing my rain gutter and causing 3 inches of standing water and subsequently a leak on a flat roof 2 days before my wedding. turns out leaves and other shit can block the pipe easily and since it never rains in albuquerque i never learned that lesson before now.
i'm at the place in town that charges a cover for god awful shitty live music played indoors at 65db because i'm in bumblefuck, mississippi and while its a college town, i still have no hope for their future. i go back inside and the noise gets ungodly worse. the fire alarm has gone off, and the musician is competing for audio waves. perhaps i was obviously guilty. i didn't care. there were people out there who wanted to do it. but i probably did it by accident. today i fucked up, but i don't give a sh+
This is the most i've seem him puke to date. i'm still amazed that he kept laughing through the whole thing. i could smell it for the rest of the day and most of the next. this happened last weekend, but i keep forgetting this sub exists.  i need to come here more often.
A former friend of the man who runs a local nerd store recalls an incident that happened several years ago. The man drank the hottest sauce in the store and ended up with blisters on his tongue and throat. He was hospitalized for a while because he couldn't breath from the damage.
i joined my company's softball team this past season. big fucking mistake. so far this season i have gotten a black eye (beaned in the face by a grounder of all things), pulled both quadriceps at the same time, dislocated my shoulder, and gotten a nasty scrape on my leg from sliding into third.
i was taking a regular dump a couple nights ago and while taking it, there was a bit of s sharp part to it. so nothing big, and it passes by unnoticed and its just a usual day. so later that night, my asshole starts hurting. not like really bad, but like a sore feeling. so by this time, my curiosity is peaked enough to where i reach down there, and find if i can feel what's going on. then, i suddenly feel this bump bigger than any bump my asshole should ever have. my. asshole. not between my cheeks, but my actual muscles that retract when i shit. so now i can't clench my butt or it'll
i was smoking a cig outside my friend's house with some people. my yellow crack lighter, which i had been trying to kill for some time, finally died. so i celebrated by whipping it against a wall a few feet in front of me. it didn't explode, but my friends freaked out at me. some people where more understading and explained the principle of exploding lighters.
A high school student gets a guitar pick stuck in his ass. He tries to get it out by sitting down, but it gets stuck. He then has to pull it out using his fingers. It's not the first time this has happened to him, but he's never had to do it before.
i was supposed to be finished reading a philosophy article for my morals class, needless to say i didn't. i had a bunch of logic reading to do and thought id do it as it was more difficult. today i get to class and during discussion im thinking of a counter example to a problem. i get picked and tell the class my theoretical situation.  she laughs called me out on not doing the reading, and says thats exactly the situation the author used in her article.  i was quite embarrassed.
Today is my birthday was headed out to get food with the wife and some friends, got to the restaurant and we found a 20$ bill on the ground, i picked it up excited that i had found 20 bucks. turned out when i got home, that it must have been my 20 bucks, and that the other 80 i had plus a 30 dollar check from my grandparents, is missing. so now i'm broke on my birthday.
i hate my cell phone. i jokingly sent him  "i just use you for sex " and sent it to everyone again. including my parents. i hate my phone. I hate cell phones. i just hate my cellphone. I just want to use it for sex. I want to have sex with people.
i'm a native english speaker, but i can fake the chinese accent pretty well. either when i greet people on the phone or when i'm walking by them in the hall at work. guess what the first words were out of my mouth when i was asked what my name was?
i think my comment was a bit misunderstood. what i meant was that i envisioned [tywin lanister] in op's scinario since he like mastered the death stare/disapproval look. but ultimatly confused and ended up comparing ron swanson thus causing a shit storm of downvotes. ultimately taking a huge hit on my hard earned comment karma!!! i'm pretty sure the downvotes on that comment are more than any upvotes i've had on a single comment.
i'm 16 and my driver's license doesn't let me drive other people until 6 months after acquisition. so today, (7/16/13) i thought it would be a good idea to go out with my friend to eat lunch. i drove to my friend's house, picked him up, drove around for a bit, dropped him off and went home. as i drive home, i noticed that i had missed several calls from my dad. he asked me who i was driving with. apparently, my phone had received and answered the call in the car while it was being jostled around and picked up the conversation between me and my friend.
My stove has 4 burners. they are the electric coil type. i cook bacon a lot and it tends to splatter, so i took to covering up the back burners with aluminum foil to prevent bacon grease from falling under the coils. Now my apartment is filled with smoke and smells like burnt aluminium foil.
A friend of the author's found a fish hook in his back during a trip to the beach. The fish hook turned out to be a running joke among his friends. The story inspired the author to have sex with his girlfriend every day for the rest of his high school career.
i was talking to my girl over skype when i noticed a small piece of fuzz floating in my peripheral vision. suddenly, an urge to catch said fuzz comes over me and i go to grab it. as soon as i u2019m about to enclose it in my hand, i realize it is actually a fucking baby spider that felt like coming down from the ceiling on its web. my severe arachnophobia set in, causing me to have a panic attack and heart attack and making me look like a a pussy in front of my girlfriend.
Kicktoria: I smoked cigarettes in my closet. My parents didn't know and i didn't want them to find out. The space between the glass and the screen had filled with rain, which dissolved the cigarette butts. The water caused a flood of tobacco-stained water to run from my window down the front of the house.
i started nofap over a week ago, and since have relapsed, this is how.enter:office desk, 2 hours ago. browsing homepage, accidentally aroused by anonymous celebrity. mind starts racing, feel something moving in my pants, need to beat the boner buzzer, stand and run to bathroom.
My boyfriend's parents live in wales, but he was visiting me in london last week. He was running errands all day at the flat, while i was working about an hour away. We made a plan to meet at around 5pm by my work place so that we could hang out before he went back to wales. He texted me at around half 1 to say he was just having lunch. He then left the flat at around 3.30 pm to come and meet me at work. When i got home at around quarter past 10, i walked in to a furnace.
i was writing a paper in the library today... and it turned out to be a really good paper. i saved the paper on my pig-shaped usb, which i only use for school. The paper is due tomorrow, and i just went to get the usb from my backpack so i could print the paper, when i suddenly realized i never took the USB from the backpack....i'll go in early tomorrow to see if it's still there.
i have that habit of preparing food and just letting it sit on the stove while i go do my thing elsewhere and today it happened to be training. someone told me that steamed ribs are very soft and moist and i really wanted to try that so i steamed some ribs with a bain-marie. one hour and a half later, i get back home and the smell of burnt things creeps on me. it didn't smell like firewood, more like burnt cigarettes. i run to the kitchen. the ribs are covered with ash-white smoke. i remove the lid and fan out the smoke with my hand. there's so much of it that i decide to bring the boiling
i hadn't shit in a while. at least 2 days. my farts could peel paint. just the most rancid smells oozing from my body imaginable. more atrocious than columbine, virginia tech and sandy hook combined. i basically run her over with the thing rather than facing the embarrassment of allowing her to smell that poison. i hosed myself off and left.
i've never facepalmed so hard in my life. i was 15. i had been texting this deaf girl i had met at a jobs fair and while trying to make some conversation i asked her what kind of music she liked. i've never been so embarrassed in my entire life.
i've been in a relationship for over a year. neither of us expected anything but things spiraled out of control through some of our conversations. it was amazing. but we both know that nothing will come from it. which is fine. the problem is, i can't do anything with my so without picturing   them instead and it's driving me crazy.
i got up late after my 2 year old turned off the alarm. i could not get my eldest son off to school and he didn't feel well so it worked out alright. i normally stay up to make sure my wife gets off to work. My wife should have just told me to go to hell and i would have grumbled for awhile. But apparently, she loves me and knows how miserable i get when can't do something i think i need to.
i can never eat these again. oh these are good, wait, what's wrong with this on.... wtf? ok, yeah those are definitely maggots. i can never food these again, these are bad. these are not good. they are disgusting. I can't eat them.
i work part time so she isn't a big problem , but sometimes she is the reason that i don't even want to go to work. sometimes she wears her heart on her sleeve. she is moody , other times she is not. she has been rude before. i can tell she makes subtle jokes about me.
i realized today while doing laundry that i bought and been using fabric softener and not detergent for the past two weeks. fucking hell!  i realized today that i had been using Fabric Softener and Not Detergent.  dammmit.  i bought the fabric Softener, not the detergent.
Jerk-ins lotion and jalapeno oils mix to make a naplam.  "i tried to work through the burn but i couldn't make it happen "  "i am throwing a bbq today and making some atomic buffalo turds "
 "I was wearing boxers and hated the sticky feeling between your legs when sweat dries up "  "Let's lube my legs with axe! "  "I'm in a fetal position in the change room washroom making orgy noises "  "I was late for my class "
i couldn't *wait* to see my so so i could give him a well-deserved, deep-throated blowjob... all hard and hot, getting everything all wet and sticky, and... and then some toothpaste foam traveled down my throat as i was scraping my tongue. i started gagging, then dry heaving, and next thing i know i am making the mistake of puking in my sink because the toilet was too far away.
i was riding to my friends on my relatively heavy jump bike, and i have to go down a steep hill with a bridge for trains that goes over the top with enough room for a car. well, i didn't pay any attention to the cars oncoming and i just threw a burst of energy in to peddling and maxed out (quite small rear sprocket so it was easy) and me being an idiot i had only tightened my front brakes, and, you bikers out there know what that means.... if you pull that brake at speed it will send you flying. and then it was lift off, me and my bike flipped upside down while over the car (old style 3
i met this girl who seemed like she was really into me, fucking crazy. she is very sexual and all of the cool shit most girls aren't. after the few days i've known her(almost a week) i actually really like her and i think i let it show too much and she might be slowly backing away.
i wired her subs and amp up then we decided to get something to eat. i set the keys in the seat when i got up like i would my car and closed the door. it auto locked. costed 70$ to get the key out. getting a second made for her car tomorrow.
Being the lazy, unsanitary college student i am, i picked up a pair of boxers that i thought might be clean and pulled them right on up to my nose to sniff. unfortunately, they were far from clean. Being the laziest college student, i thought they were clean. They were not.
i'm a developer at a large financial company where full corporate professional attire is required. in the afternoon around 2pm i got up from my desk to stretch due to my post lunch coma. as i squatted down with one leg out my pants split from the top of my ass all the way down to my balls. it wasn't even a clean rip. it was zig zagged and large, the wool just shredded. i sat down at my desk and couldn't stop laughing and my face turned bright red. i found an alpaca sweater i left over the winter and wore it around my waste like it was 1985 again.
The last two weeks have seen a lot of bad news in the world of football. It's time for a 'days since vomited counter' along with the 'shitting ourselves counter' of course. We'll keep you updated on the latest in the next few days.
After eating nothing but healthy food for over a year, i decided on my way home to pick up some mcdonalds since i didn't want to cook tonight. i can feel my bowels saying  "what the fuck! " and twisting in every way possible. after eating nothingbut healthy food. for over one year.
i have a friend, a good one, who i've known since i was a kid. we're both older now, and more.mature, or so i thought. up until i got into contact with him this past winter, we hadn't spoke since sophomore year or high school, which is 5 years ago. we  were like brothers than, and i just found his number one day, qndcalled him. but back to the fuck up. apparently n the past five years, he became a major racist. not a  "racist, ", a full blown racist. if i had known this, i certainly would not have taken him to hang out with me. my neighborhood is
Today i got home from my third shift job and got to sleep at 8 a.m. i continue to get ready for work in a daze, put on clothes fine, then it comes to socks and shoes. i was trying to put my left shoe on my right foot or vice-versa, i don't remember the specifics.
i got a range rover stuck on a tree stump, which took five hours to free, and damaged the steering rack. i went down a steep hill on a quadbike, rolling it end over end so that the rear bull bars landed on my leg, and snapped the handlebars in the process. fortunately though it's a honda so it still drives. i was riding a trials bike when i inadvertently accelerated, straight into a tree, knocking me unconscious and giving me concussion as well as various other injuries. this landed me a night in hospital.remember that all of this happened in one day. this was yesterday but i didn't have internet until now.
i made cinnamon sugar cookies and the kids sold them door to door. Afterwards i took them to dollar general so they could buy something with their money. One of the kids bought those butterfly fireworks...the kind that you light in the street and they spin around in different colors. He was so excited that he ran inside my place and asked to borrow a lighter...i hesitated but said okay because he was so happy to have earned his money. Next thing i know, he comes running in and says  "devon lit the firework and through it in the garbage and now it's on fire!! "
This happened last night. i drank quite a bit. and my cousins getting married today. well i am staying at my cousins house which is the brides sister. my cousin wasn't going to be home until the morning. so i slept in her bed. naturally since i was very drunk; dizzy, and sick... i threw up all over her bedroom floor. i just threw a towel on it and slept upstairs. now its morning and she found it. woke everybody up asking about it. my uncle then told me he was sorry we drank that much. but my cousin now knows it was me, in fact the entire house does now. i have a hangover and now a shameful
Photographer attended a piercing event at a new local tattoo parlor. Daughter wanted her face painted so someone there painted her face like a tiger. 2 hours later and a bottle of goo gone we got it off. The person who painted the girl's face was in no way affiliated with the shop.
My girlfriend gave me a blowjob after i used a numbing condom and it made her mouth completely numb. It was like she just got a shot of novacane at the dentist. She couldn't eat, drink, or even speak properly and the worst part was that her mom was coming home.
When i was taking a shower today i'd left my clean pants on the floor of the bathroom. once done with my showering, i get out, dry off, and put my clothes on. everything is proceeding as expected when i suddenly feel something crawling about in the crotch of my pants. naturally, i rip my pants off whilst silently screaming and wishing i were dead.
Took some sleeping pills last night to help me get to sleep, i find it hard to sleep lately. The effects of the pills still hit me all day today, i was super drowsy, so i laid down in our front room on the couch in just my gown and pyjama pants, the gown was covering the fact i had no shirt on. When i woke up i noticed the main front door was open with just a screen door shut to keep out bugs. my boyfriend had left it open. i noticed that my gown had opened up, boobs in sight, i thought nothing of it. An inbox moments later confirms this.  "confession time. i saw your bo
This was actually last year, but i felt the need to share. Last year my family went on a trip out west to see a whole bunch of canyons. our hotel was in phoenix, and the desert was literally in our backyard. i decided that i would like a cool photo of said cactus, grabbed my camera, and headed out into the desert.
i have been waxing the cyclops in the shower everyday, using your basic shampoo as a lubricant. so all is good, i'm happy, satisfied, throughout the entire week. then i woke up this morning and my penis felt like it had been shot with a bb gun. apparently, the shampoo had dried out only the tip of my dick, with drastic results. my tip is basically white, not like a white guy, but straight up white on a color wheel, with bloody canyons mixed in.
My doctor prescribed me zanaflex(tizanidine) for my muscle spasms. The first couple of times i took them i felt okay, nothing out of the ordinary happened. As the days progressed and a week went by, strange things began to take place. i ran to my parents room, only to encounter men in my house with guns. i became so frustrated with my hallucinations that i begged the  "men " to kill me.
Last night i crushed a lot of medicine into powder to commit suicide myself. i mixed the powder with water and drank it all. i vomited a lot though which is probably why i'm still alive (dw, i'm okay now) i then wrote an e-mail to a girl i love (female, 18) and i know she loves me. i basically told her that i'm sorry for committing suicide and she should stay strong.
In high school freshman year i was sitting in health class listening to the teacher lecture. A wondering special needs student mistakenly walked into our class, realizing his mistake he let out a down syndrome roar... the class fell silent, i look to my left to see a friend looking at me bright as cherry red. i then proceed to lose my shit and laugh for a solid 2 minutes as the teacher and class look at me in absolute disgust. but fuck me it was hilarious.
i had just come home from a big night out. as a precaution i put a bucket next to my bed just incase i felt like i was going to be sick during the night.several hours later i wake up, lean over the side of my bed and grab the hard object on the floor (i thought it was my bucket) and yarf into it.
My friend was in town the other day who stays at the hotel directly across the street from my apartment. My girlfriend had come over and we went across to say hello and have some drinks. After closing down the bar, we went with my friend up to his room to continue to chat and have another drink. After we decide to call it a night, we say bye to my friend and i tell my girlfriend that i found out that they don't lock the stairwell door leading up to the roof. We decide to sneak up. It starts raining and we do some naked rain dancing before deciding to head down. Having consumed a decent amount of alcohol at this point, my feet slip out from
 "I shat myself after walking from a cab, on my neighbours front lawn at 3 am then proceeded to try and get into my house dripping shit from my ass while my pants were around my ankles "  "I had to throw out my pants and clean myself up while my future wife looked on horrified .. it was my bucks night "
i wanted to get to know her better by asking ice breaker questions, but was too drunk to remember anything. so apparently she told me i keptasking her the same questions, because i was drunk. she was super nice during the whole time, but i could tell she felt uncomfortable. i don't blame her.
i was sent to the principal's office and i told my story, which he wasn't amused by, nor did he believe. there i was, barely able to breathe, kids staring at me in disgust. i was focused on how to stop giggling to stop from getting in trouble, as apparently i was the only one who found that funny.
i was at a friend's birthday party, and we were all just hanging out playing some guitar. i finish up, and this 9/10 gets up real close to me, looks into my eyes, and asks,  "so like, how do you play guitar? " being the dumbass i am, i figure it's a completely genuine question. i reply with,  "it can't really be summed up into one sentence. " the party continues, eventually everybody goes home. i'm told later that the girl was coming on to me. following this, the most epic of all face palms occurred.
My boss gave me his old iphone4 so i would have all of his contacts. A couple weeks later i'm texting with my girlfriend. texting turns to sexting and i send her a pic of the ol' ween. i delete it immediately afterwards. 2 months later, i realize that his appleid is still active on this phone and  "photoshare " or  "photostream " or whatever is on.
The next morning he seemed positively heartbroken as he told me what i'd said. i was devastated as i don't even think he's small (he's quite an impressive grower, as in grower vs. shower)! i told him this, reassured him and kept calling myself an idiot for saying something i didn't even mean. He was so genuinely hurt, and ever since then has been making little joking comments like  "i know i have a small penis but... "
On Friday, i failed my driving test for the second time. Then i text my friend that i am not able to make her birthday party. She replied saying my birthday is not today but tomorrow. I say  "oh what the fuck?! my notifications say your party is today! oh jk wed!! but isn't your party tonight??! " She replied that she is so confused. This was the same girl that in my junior year of high school, i broke her phone by accident.
nothing big happened, the principal, myself and the girl and her father was sat in a room where we talked it over. Her father thought she was overreacting terribly and i ended up getting an apology. no consequences for any of us.as promised i let out a wet and disgusting diarreah fart mid talk.
i was best man for my friend's wedding so it was my job to throw a bachelor party. i borrowed my grandparent's brand new cadillac escalade and rounded up all the groomsmen and groom to pick up junk from walmart for the night. when we got there, i noticed a group of kids in hondas, trucks and shit. so we decided to fuck with them. i turned the radio to some rap station on the xm radio, cranked the bass and put down all the windows. we drove by them and i gave them that ghetto stank eye. for some reason, i thought the rest of the lot was open space and i just kept staring
At the end of the night a couple of the bands got up and started playing some covers. In my drunken state, i thought it was a good idea for me to do so as well. From the angle it looked like i might have knocked into him, and contributed to him falling. asked a mate who was there who said that he just fell, but i still cringe thinking about it.
My boyfriend, josh, lives in america, is american, and had american parents. His parents were good friends with a russian man named stanislav. stan is a good father, but josh left when he came of age, and went to america. they stayed in touch, but i've never met stan. Stan's sister is getting married so josh and i got an invite to attend.
i've been home on college break these past 2 weeks and have been staying in my old room. since it is the only room on the ground floor, my sisters like to throw their stuff in it. i was getting ready to leave and head to town (i live in the middle of nowhere) and was putting on my coat while walking out my door. as i took a step, i tripped over some of their crap and instead of falling forward and potentially getting tangled in the curtain i tried to regain my balance. i instead fell backwards into my tv (37 ") and it fell to the floor and the screen shattered.i'm not too upset, because it's just a thing which
 "i stumbled in front of ten thousand people. they all laughed at me, and i've never been a fan of the attention. let's hope the pope didn't see me "  "i was in rome for the annual holiday. fortunately for us, pope francis held his speech in the vatican "  "this was really not the best place to fuck up. but i did "
i was bursting for a poo and decided to go lighten the load, as was my want. straight away i could tell this would require some serious wiping but to my despair could only find a couple of sheets within the roll dispenser in my cubicle. not wanting to  pull my pants and trousers back on for fear of stains i decided to run to the next cubicle with my Pants and trousers around my ankles. halfway to thenext cubicle a lecturer of mine walked into the toilet and caught me with everything out on show, thankfully he just did an about turn and disappeared. long story short, i now need new pants and dignity.
i'm european and as it is mandatory to have visited amsterdam (netherlands) at least once while in your twenties, me and two of my best friends decided to go there over new year's eve. despite not having the intention to enter a hooker's cabin originally, there was that one gorgeous redhead, and as she began to wave at me, shit started to get serious. despite being drunk i realised where this was going and decided to cut it there instead of being ripped off. so i angrily put my pants back on still fully erected and left the place. i actually wasn't even that mad - i would probably rip off those drunk youngsters too, if i
At my uni, we're given toilet paper weekly, but it's really cheap and scratchy. fair enough, it's still makes wiping a tad uncomfortable sometimes. for some reason i decide i should be cleaner than usual, and wipe thoroughly and deeply. fast forward half an hour or so, and i realise my butthole is really itchy.
i was raised with a lot of animals (rescues) and my mom loved candles.  well, she had given me candles on occasion...nice ones!  but i never got around to using them until now. i had a friend over and decided it was an excellent time for something new and exciting. being a relative newbie to the pleasures (and dangers) of candle burning,  i impulsively slapped that sucker right on my coffee table and proceeded to schmuck around on the internet. what could go wrong?  i had no candle related childhood traumas on which to base any apprehension about such a placement.   i'm talking 4-5 inches of fire
i have a really common last name and in this class a girl before me on the roll had the same last name. when the professor called my name out after hers, he joked  "are you two related? "   u00a0what i was thinking was to say something semi-witty like  "if you trace our lineage back far enough, then *eventually* i guess you'd find our families would be related " for some stupid fucking reason, all i said was  "eventually " it was dead silent and she had the worst look on her face. oh. god. why. i have to see these people for an entire semester now.
i'm helping my mom move out of her house. there was an air conditioner window unit in her office on the second floor. i offered to take the a/c downstairs. well, the window wouldn't open, so i pried at it for several, minutes before it flew open. it fell the opposite direction, and was caught, fully intact, by my sister's car roof.
Two days ago i was having a few afternoon drinks at my house because it was a mates birthday and was going to go clubbing later that night. My friend left the lounge room and walked towards the toilet and fell over grabbing a urn which was my grandmothers onto the ground. i then vomit all over the ashes and my friends are vomiting through out the house. we cleaned the house up as best we could and haven't told my grandfather what happened with the urn yet.
i was on my bike and had signaled to take a left when this guy in a mercedes roared up behind me. as i was turning he pulled right up next to me to continue yelling. i lost it a little bit, told him to get out of the car and bring it. then i spit through his window. then he jumped out of his car and ripped open his civilian shirt to reveal his police outfit. yes, today i fucked up.
i was running to cross a very busy street when my sunglasses fell out of my shirt pocket. i had to keep moving to avoid getting hit, but i was able to stop in the left turn lane in the middle of the road. the car that crushed them could not have run over them any more perfectly if the driver had tried.
Couch was too long and full of holes to leave on the street. Me and my room mate decided to break it in half... some how. A piece of wood shot through smashing my headlight and denting the bonnet rather badly... costing me around $70 to fix.
i was driving home from my mate's house, at around 11:30pm, when this woman walks out in front of my car, sobbing hysterically and begging me to help her. Within 10 seconds of being in a confined space with her, the stench of booze wafting off her hit me like a sledgehammer. She told me she needed $10, and all i had was those 2 twentys. sensing i was reluctant to part with them, she offered to leave her bag in the car as collateral, until she gave me the change. i gave her $20, she left her bag inside and left. i heard a glass bottle of what i can safely
i've failed many classes before. i failed calc 3 last spring and decided to take it in the summer...even though ive never passed a summer class. anyhow, the semester ended up going decently, i got 85% on quizzes and even 85s on my math exams. but after today that all-too-familiar feeling of failure smashed onto me. i needed at least a 50% on this exam to pass and i dont think i even got that. guess i should look into a major other than engineering *sigh*
i was sitting on the big comfy, plush chair in my boyfriend's parents house, and out of the blue had to fart. i immediately realize, nope, something went terribly wrong; this was considerably wetter. i'm already so embarrassed that when i hear him coming back i flip the cushion over the hide my mess. i realize it was a total accident, and obviously had no intention of doing that - or hiding it for that matter. but still this is no excuse, i should just have told him right away.
i was at my partner's work dinner and a few of us (his colleagues) were standing around chatting. i zoned out while a man with a strong accent was talking because i couldn't understand what he was saying. then, my partner farted very quietly. normally i don't find public farts that funny but since i was bored, i started cracking up.later i found out that the guy with the accent wastalking about his wife who died about 5 years ago...
A mutherfucker with wings landed on my boxers and before i could swat it off the dammed thing crawled into my boxer via the fly (ironic?) in the front. i felt it crawl on my junk and in my panic mode i palm smashed myself right in the business. killed it and probably several million sperm. oh god, it still aches.
The four of us went to a star museum, that has famous stars things they used in movies. We were the only ones in there, he shuts the damn door and i thought sure as hell we were going to be lock up and raped. he was asking us where we were from, why are we here, our names, shut the fuck up you homo fag. it took us a fucking hour to get through that shit. when we got out, my dad starts bitching about all this shit.
i'm a dude, in case that matters to anyone. no mess, no bad cleanup, just red. it didn't even hurt. it took a few red wipes, but i got it clean and perty. i don't know why, and i don u2019t know how, buti must have fucked up somewhere.
 "i honesty never looked at that subreddit before, just thinking it was about all types of trees, not that one.  ya, ummmmm, whoops. well, he asked me for some advice on a tree and i said i didn't know the answer, but knew where to send him "
A reddit user posted a story about public shitting. The story was about a time when he had to go to the bathroom while walking home from a friend's house. He says he didn't know about the incident because he was so good at covering it up. The post has been removed from the site.
i was driving back from a weekend mountain trip with a few of my friends. we all agreed that we were going to eat at one of our favorite local restaurants. before i even get my beverage, i release a small fart which is followed by a creature from deep inside my bowels. i quickly waddle to the nearest bathroom. only one toilet and a urinal, for only one person to #2 and #1 respectively. i finally get my pants down and this is one of those shits that releases before you sit down on the toilet. i am already feeling a little better, but i guess the fear of soiling my pants had made me forget to lock the bathroom.
i used to think i was just an asshole as a security measure against the general public, because i don't like most of you flesh bags most of the time, but now i think i'm really just a genuine asshole, and i've just chemically burned her's. i tested it on me first, applying it liberally to my  "intimate area " and delaying with some foreplay to give the stuff time to work. it's probably about 90 seconds later that she's in my bathroom shouting  "it won't stop burning " and climbing into my shower.
i failed the second exam in this class that i need to get my bachelors, 2 weeks before my graduation ceremony. even if i get 100's on the next two exams, i still won't make a c in order to get credit. i'll be walking, but i have to take and pass this class in the fall.
i'm the oldest child (19) of a big but close family. i have a brother (14), two stepbrothers (17 and 9) and a stepsister (7) i was busy texting my friends, but because i was half listening in on this conversation i decided to chirp up. with my eyes still glued to my phone, and my brain only half focused on the inane conversation i was making with my younger siblings, i guess i just blurted out a joke buried somewhere in my subconscious. having immediately realised what i had just said, i saw six blank expressions looking back at me. i felt my heart sink. my mother has only spoken to me once
i've been trying to climb the restaurant ladder for about a year at that time the traditional way (start as a dishwasher and learn hands-on). i had already learned a lot, and also being a bit of a narcissist prick, i loved to show off my new-found culinary chops to my layman friends. i began to carry on a conversation with one of my buddies (who was in another room) and began to focus less on the razor-sharp hunk of steel i was irresponsibly wielding. until i felt a sharp pain shoot up from my left thumb. apparently while talking, i continued dicing and had added the tip of the digit to the potatoes for
i was helping a customer when they requested a bag. as i take one off the rack, i feel a tickle on my nose and feel a sneeze coming on. i decide to itch my nose with my shoulder, and as i do, fan out the bag with my hands to open it. because of this quick action, my shoulder decides to jump up directly into my nose, more or less punching myself in the face. there was blood everywhere on me, the didn't let me go home.
Earlier today i bought the album  "metal health " by quiet riot, i played it once fine earlier but the accident happened the second time. i accidentaly dropped the needle on the wrong spot, and in a panic (i realize now my stupid ass shouldn't have) i moved the needle the wrong way and fucked the first part of the first song, which is metal health (bang your head)... on the bright side only a small part of that song was fucked up and it was the only song that was damaged.
My teacher did not see it. im just playing upwords in language arts today and there was a word played, which i cant recall, and my friend play first he makes it say cunts then clits finally it said clips. luckily my teacher didn't see it and i'm not mad.
i've always heard the axiom of  "never trust a fart when you have the flu ", but i ignored the facts and experiences from my past fallen comrades. so here i am, trying to recover from the funky funks and enjoying a wonderful cocktail of chicken broth and garlic croutons watching alaskans yell at each other about gold. after my one and only meal of the day, i'm chilling in my fortress of funk (my bed), i felt a little rumbbly in the tumbbly. i leaned over, expecting a minor squeeker at best, and the torrent of vile putridity that flowed freely from my backside will forever haunt me.
i was taking the sat, doing well, confident in the essay that i wrote, yada yada. well, we went out for break and i slipped my answer packet into the test booklet. i slipped it in to section 3 because, well, that was the next section and i was just kind of on autopilot because i was stressed about doing my best. i finished section 3, excused myself, and canceled my scores. i signed myself up for the december one, but if i mess up on that one then i can't go to college.
 chrome autofill populated the order form and i didn't catch it until the e-receipt arrived. hopefully they use discreet packaging, but this sucks.  hopefully they used discreet packaging and didn't send it out in a box full of other people's junk.
Three months had passed since i had pricked my pubes, which had now flourished into a curly mane of mass proportions. I had met some resistance when snipping, but my cut slice through with ease. There are many adventures of my member from the regions of nether, but i'll only share if the community is willing to know/willing to cringe.
My friend was driving home from a game store when she ran out of gas. She decided to hang her ass over the guard rail and  " release the kracken " as she would later put it. Luckily her car had some paper towels in the back. She's embarrassed, but shit happens.
i want to say i love you, but i think that it's too soon to say that. she isn't ready to say the same. not even close. i don't know what i was thinking. am i dumb? i think i'm pretty good at this.
i was sitting in the living room with my puppy, watching some sunday morning talk show, when suddenly the television begins blaring. i freak out, thinking she was actually chewing on the remote and i frantically run over to her. she's confused because the television is so loud and i'm running around looking for the remote. i think, somehow, that my parents, in their room (yea, i'm 23 and live at home. cheap rent ftw), have the wrong remote.
My friends think i may have some form of mild narcolepsy, and promptly fell asleep on the beach(awesome!) later looked at the back of my legs, and oh man. burnt. :(not fun ifu
i was shaking out the comforter and unbenounced to mt the ipad was inside. i still wasn't aware, i asked a group of people moving across the street and they confirmed that something dropped out. then some people must have taken it because it's not outside anymore. he screamed at me and stormed off and now i feel horrible. he's supporting me at the moment so i have no  money to buy a new one with.
i met this very hot guy (nb. i'm also a guy) at the club. a gorgeous 6 " australian flight attendant.  we really got along well - too well, perhaps.  i didn't realise the time until he checked his watch and said it was 3.40am. We went back to the hotel that his employer had rented for him - a really nice place in the centre of town. sexy times ensue.
My brother and i have a pretty retarded sense of humour ever since watching its always sunny in philadelphia. We could hear our neighbours out in the front yard, and we get along with them pretty well so we decided to do something funny as fuck. My brother revved our piece of shit 50cc scooter to like 60ks an hour in the back yard and went flying out the garage door with no helmet.
A customer drops a 2 litter of sprite off a five foot rack. The 2 liter somehow, out of an act from god, lands between the dame's legs.  "that...was...awesome " (old school style)  "thankfully i live in a chill city so nobody freaked out "
i had the opportunity to have a 3some twice with a girl i know and her friend. i made an extra email account specifically for those photos/video so i don't accidentally view them while at work or something. 6 months later, after not logging in that account for awhile, the email account was deactivated and basically all those photos went with it.
The first time i ever fell asleep in class, everyone was staring at me and pointing and laughing and the teacher was throwing paper wads at me. After that day and that dream ive never been able to sleep in class again. Every day i lay my head down and pretend to sleep for up to 20 minutes in every class. its awful.
After a few shots of tequila, i decided that i would try my hand at making some kind of cocktail. i mixed tequila with some grapefruit perrier and decided that to top it off, i was going to break open a habanero pepper i had laying around and drop it in because i like spicy food. i drop this pepper in my drink and immediately notice that something is wrong. everyone around me is coughing and sneezing. by now pretty much everyone on the main floor of the house is coughing. so i ditch the drink down the drain and retreat upstairs to my room.
i poste a realy funny comment on askreddit and i didnt get reddit gold. i asked politely for ppl to give me reddit gold and i didn't get it. now im sad. i poste  funny comments on ask Reddit and i don't get Reddit gold. now i'm sad.
i was working at a store behind the counter, and this rather large woman, who i thought to be pregnant, comes to the counter to buy some things. i scan them through, and while doing so try to make some idle conversation. i open with  "when are you due? ". the woman and her bf/husband look at me with the widest eyes and mouth i have ever seen anyone have. i quickly get their items for them, they pay and leave. get fired when my manager finds out.
i knew i was sick, but i'm seeing my girlfriend in a few weeks and after being apart for a couple of months i really wanted to look my best for her. so i was determined to keep up my routine. unbeknown to me, that one more resulted in a plethora of drizzling feculence erupting from my ass, bolting a good 2 feet across the room. a malodorous odor crept into every corner of the gym as i toddled out of there as fast as i can with my hand clenched to my ass like an iron grapnel.
i had a box of around 200 kids magazines that has been sitting in my closet at parent's house for years. i decided to give it away to friends of my parents who have young children. in high school i hid condoms, rolling papers, and lighters in the bottom of the box. now i will wait for my parents to call me.
i have bad social anxiety, and i am afraid of hurting people, so this was just the worst thing that could have happened. it is the most stupidest thing i have ever said. to make matters worse, there's a girl i have a thing with in the friend group. we're not dating, but we're more than friends, so to speak.
 "i'm not a super-stoner but i've smoked pot a moderate amount of times and have never had a terrible reaction to it "  "i've never been so high so fast and i start to panic because of how incredibly sick and high i feel.. around people i barely know.. at the beginning of the night "
i work at a small coffee shop somewhere in germany. we have a policy at work that requires you to call your superior if there is a difference of 10 bucks or more in the cash register after we close down. so i count out the 100 that go back into the register in small bills and coins, call my boss, put the bills in the register...and close it without putting the coins back in. there is this awkward moment in between me realizing what i just did and the fact that the only one having a key to the register is - my boss.  "ermh, there isn't any other way to open the register except with your key right? "
A friend and her mother are trying to get out of their houses. Neither of them had a job, so they applied to a target that was newly opened. Her people skills are lacking, allowing her to fail the application assessment. After a bit of pleading, she convinced them to give her a call.
long story short, i broke down miles from the house and when i called my husband he didn't answer. not his personal or work phone.mind you i was a little inebriated and got so pissed off i threw my phone.....never to be found again.
i have never felt more retarded then today. my graphics card died and had to be replaced. loosening the screws on the back side of the case was easy, but then my brain farted for the first time and i tried to pull open the plastic leaver that holds the card. it wouldn't budge, so i used more force (2nd brain fart), until i finally resorted to using a screwdriver (3rd and ultimate brain fart) for leverage. a little slip and scratch, a few resistors less on the board. crap.anyway, i'm off finding an old 775-socket board or buying a new 1155- socket board (or the amd
i did it for shits and giggles. not worth 20 dollars. i did it to have a good time. not to make money. not for anything. i just wanted to make a joke. i didn't think it would make a difference. i was wrong. i made a mistake.
A squirrel was hit in the eyeball by a golf ball. It writhes around for about 20 seconds, and eventually does the all familiar death twitch. When it was dead, i put my golfer's glove on (can't be too careful right?) and threw it into the nearby bushes.
i've owned my 2004 volkswagen passat tdi for about a year. it's been giving me some engine trouble recently, so i got some fuel additive and decided to fill up before topping it off with the additive. i got about $30 into my mid grade fill-up when i realized how bad i fucked up. i had just filled up with gasoline. this is the second time i've fucked up like this.
A man describes the worst case of mud butt he's had since he was in diapers.  "You could smell it if the right breeze wafted through "  "i tried to time the wipe with the toilet flushing but there was a problem with the motion sensor so i had to hit this button with the same hand i was wiping with "
My wife needed to take her car into the shop before work. i had errands to run today so it was convenient time since i was already out of the house. $400, 3 hrs and one cab ride later: i am back where i was at 9 am. fuck.
 "so i was cutting grass at work around the play structures when i see a baby rabbit running around on the ground. i quickly hop off my mower and chase after the little guy. i finally catch him and see a bus full of special needs kids pull up. after parading around with him i decide to put him near the tree i found him after i cut around it "
i went out for a little while, and realized i had to pee. bad. so i figure,  "oh, i'll be good til i get home ". this was true, but what happened after was not. i get into the little foyer i have, open my zipper and just start pissing. it starts overflowing the floor, and trickling down. by the end i'm standing in a pool of my piss and just look like  "damn, now what? ". i get a towel to clean it, but it's just spreading it around and making it worse. the whole area is drenched in piss at this point. it's now about an hour after, and my
This week's installment of the weekly Motivational Monday series. This week, we look at a story about a dirty windshield. The driver swerved to avoid hitting a man on the street. He was so close that he reached out and leaned on the hood. The car was fine, but the driver was terrified.
Sugar exacerbates a seizure disorder she has and also causes her to freak out and become unable to control her emotions. hell hath no fury like a mentally retarded woman who wants her chocolate... i have never seen some one kick, scream, bite, pull hair and pinch in such an amazingly violent fashion.  wowza!!!
19 year old male here, i went to the beach today between classes by myself. while at the beach, these three cute girl come and set up their towels right in front of me. they yelled to me and started waving when i looked, i waved back and then continued to read. the cute one came and sat by me and we talked for a bit before she said she was about to go back to her house. i simply said it was nice meeting her and told her to have a good day. like an idiot.
The story is a story using the salem with trials as its setting. i interject,  "whoah there hitler " and everyone laughs. everyone except him. cue death stare and a non-verbal  "i'll see you after class, you little fuck "
Her friend, autumn, told me that she really, really hated me. i was extremely upset and depressed by that thought, so i called her on sunday night and asked her about it. after a 40 minute conversation, she agreed to try being together again.today we went out, i dressed up real nice and took her to ice cream, a movie, bowling, and dinner. she wouldn't kiss me, which i understood because i did fuck up. but then afterwards we were sitting in the car and she confessed to me thatshe was scared to kiss me because she was scared that it wouldn't feel the same as it had before. we kissed, and apparently it didn't.
The last time i had intercourse was around 5 years ago and even then i used a condom. i was told by the doctor that i most likely got it from going to the university gym and using their towels/swimming pool. The only treatment option available is freezing them off with liquid nitrogen (not a pleasant thought)
 "We both apologized at home and talked for an hour about other stuff. a flip off followed by a fuck you through an open car window. we both apologized for our behavior "  "We both apologize for our behaviour, "  "we both apologized "  "I'm sorry for my behavior. I'm sorry I said that, "  "I'll never do that again "
i've been unemployed for close to 2 years after leaving college, getting pretty desperate, so i take this job in a really small company. there are 4 other people there, all of which are female, making me the only guy. the night before i start i cant really sleep much, i'm really nervous, so going into work i am exhausted. i try and resist the temptation of sleep for as long as i can, and as a result, those annoying as fuck sleepy boners come flying in. i managed to hide most of them well, looking busy at my desk, but then my manager was changing a light bulb, and me being a fairly tall gentleman, was drafted into helping
The author peed while out running errands on his lunch hour. He was in a convertible with the top down and had been drinking diet dew all day. He says he was mortified and called off work for the rest of the day. The author has since retired from his job as a writer.
The actual fu happened months ago, but i discovered it today. nothing like not doing one final quality check on the data you send to qa. the actual fu u00a0happened u00a0months u00a0ago, but I discovered it u00a0today.  u00a0nothing u00a0like not doing u00a0one u00a0final u00a0quality u00a0check u00a0on u00a0the u00a0data u00a0you u00a0send u00a0to u00a0qa u00a0and u00a0not doing u00a0it properly.
i'm 19. didn't think i'd be back here so soon... this happened 2 days ago. i'm stoned and imagining the possibilities before deciding to just jump out of the hallway closet and startle him. The older one just doesnt even turn around to look just screams and runs, the younger one goes laura croft on my ass... spins around and punches me in my fuckin eye! a solid punch too. she felt really bad.
A friend was making a joke about not being able to go down stair's due to a spider on the stairs. My other friend said  "why dont you just use your fist.that's when i made thing's really akward by trying being funny and said why would he want to fist a spider?
i was in my or less a heated argument with my brother. i supposedly have some crazy eye, according to my brother, i get when i am beyond angry. i grabbed the first two things i saw which were glass half liter bottle. one was thick clear glass and the other was a dark medicine bottle tempered glass. i only meant to bang them against each other hard enough to clank and me say like back off man.  but alas my dumb ass self bangs them so hard against eachother that the brown bottle explodes like a rupert drop. it hand my hands bloody immediately but i didn't end up with any serious wounds and my brother well.... he backed off. =)
i hurt my ankle earlier playing basketball so when i got home i grabbed a lime yellow gatorade, a bag full of ice cubes to wrap to my ankle, and headed upstairs to elevate it. i didn't use crushed ice and needed to even out the ice pack, but my ankle was fucked, it was late, and the kitchen is downstairs.    the girl i'm seeing thought she would be a dear and bring me dinner (doritos tacos) she came into my room and lifts the blanket for a cuddle, when i wake up to her saying,  "oh my fucking god ", chucking a 180 and walking right out of the house.
i had to walk from uptown chicago all the way to the loop where my room-mate works in my superman pants to get his key. that's a bit over 2 hours of walking.fortunately i could take a train back with his cta card. my first train ride ever too!
My grandmother is an old school southern chef. She has an intuitive sense for how long and in what way you can get away with moving food with your fingers after you toss it in a frying pan. Being one to enjoy a chewy and evenly-cooked piece of bacon, i decided to give the family cooking zen a try.
i had a great day in class, the weather was great just an all around good day. then i got home and decided to make a smoothie. big mistake. i blended it and realized i made way too much so i thought id just put the rest in the fridge. i was walking over to the fridge, carefully not to spill it, nothing could go wrong. i opened the fridge and  it decided to smack the blender out of my hand.
i am soaking my foot to get rid of some callous skin and immediately after putting my foot in a bowl of water i realized that i do not have a towel, and i will need to go to the bathroom soon because it is cold. i am soaking  u00a0my u00a0foot to u00a0get rid of u00a0some callous u00a0skin and immediately u00a0after putting my u00a0foot u00a0in a bowl u00a0of u00a0water i realized u00a0that u00a0i u00a0do not u00a0have u00a0a u00a0towel. i u00a0will need to u00a0go u00a0to u00a0the u00a0bathroom soon because u00a0it u00a0is cold.
i don't know what i was thinking, but i just took the capture card out of the pc, and i think it bumped into the graphics card. because the computer immediately restarted and now the fan on the ($160) graphics card isn't spinning, and the screens show nothing.  i'm a dumbass.
i assured my family i would be able to find a stream of the parade. morning comes, and lo and behold, i can't find one. i'm desperately searching for a recording or a re-run stream, but it seems like it's all in vain. my parents aren't mad, they know i'm trying my best, but its just not the same.
i was supposed to give a presentation today at 8 am for my ww1 history class it was worth 30% of the final grade. i have been doing research for this presentation for weeks, i was really prepared. i spent most of yesterday afternoon and last night at a friend in the classes place practicing. i went home and got to bed by 12:30 ish and set my alarm for 7am i fell right asleep. i work up today at 10:15!!!!!!!! i am currently in a panic and have not heard from the professor yet. today was the last day this class meets i have no idea why i did that i even set an alarm and everything.
A man tried to make his own root beer float, it exploded all over his bed. The man is now sitting on a blank mattress with nothing but his own stupidity to keep him warm. Next time add ice cream first then pour soda on top slowly. next time add soda first then apply ice cream slowly.
i'm not exactly used to driving in high pressure situations, so i made the mistake of going into the city. i was driving on the narrowest street within 50 miles, and not paying enough attention to the traffic signal. i slide out into the intersection doing about 15-20. at that point i see the lady in the expensive toyota barreling down on me.
i was just getting ready to fall asleep when i thought it might be a good idea to have some white noise on to help me. so i locate my phone, and turn on pandora, i really only use pandora on my phone for this reason so it was already on a good station for my goal. i thought all was well till i noticed the song playing, a song talking about going back in time to spend more time with a loved one who you didn't get to say good bye to. then how it's not just me who won't get this chance but anyone. and though i'm normally able to cope with it i find myself just unable to wrap my mind around that
i lost a key to a handcuff thing that i've had for years. i looked around nearly an hour before giving up. i had to use a dremmel to cut off part of the lock then jam a bobby pin into the spring mechanism. and now here i am now tomorrow i need to go to the police to get them to un-cuff me.
i stupidly bought plane tickets a month ago to city b, which sounds sort of alike, but is a day's drive away from city a. it is like triple the price to fix it now, so i'm not going to be able to make it home for thanksgiving. i shall drown my sorrows with pumpkin pie.
i've been dating this girl for about a week and i finally decided to make a move and go in for a kiss while at the movies. on my way in my nose begins to itch but i don't bother to stop now. wrong choice, my nose decides to explode in all it's fury...right...on...her...face. she wipes her face, backs up, and we both just stand there. after the movie she just gets up and leaves without a word...
The last thing i remember is playing a game of kings cup with her and then boom blackout drunk. i took to many shots, too many beer games and the edible was wrecking me. i randomly stand up and start telling people to go fuck themselves. then i stood up for the last time and my knees crumbled and i fell and puked all over myself. my friends put me in bed and shaved my eyebrows off.
It turns out nobody on reddit understands sarcasm, even when it's blatantly obvious. they always just think you're too stupid to be sarcastic. this incident was about military time, but it happens a lot more often then you'd think. so just a quick tifu: tried to be funny to an audience that's too high and mighty for comedy.
life has been stupidly hectic for my partner and me recently and we've had no time to ourselves. we'd been planning to keep yesterday free to simply spend some quality time together and chill. the next thing i know, it's sixteen hours later and i stumble to the bathroom to see this. let's just say she was less than impressed.
i've recently been going to the gym at my university and lately i've started feeling more confident. seeing the rugby being shown on a television, i decided to swap treadmills to get a better view. without thinking, i stepped behind my friend to get to another machine, not realising he had started running. i hit the deck like a 70kg fish after flopping in the air, much to the amusement of the girls using the cross-trainers behind me.
 "now its burned and tastes funny. now its burned, now it tastes funny "  "I don't know what to do with it "  "It tastes like it's been in the oven too long. "  "It's burned, it's burned and it's funny. Now it tastes weird "
i'm going to a community college. it's all good, i'm saving a shit ton. i'm taking advantage of local opportunities like volunteering and internship. less competition in the ladder, so i'm sure it's beneficial. i'll focus on my other classes and aim for straight as and working on a real work ethic.
i'm running late for school, and i'm in a hurry. i absentmindedly grab a pair of keys from the windowsill and head out. while halfway to the bus stop, my father calls me and tells me i have forgotten my keys. i think no problem, because we have two cars and he can take the other one, right? wrong. the car to which keys i accidentally took when i ran back into the house the first time were the car keys, my dad later gave me my own keys.
A friend delivers at this place asked me to cover for him, me being the broke jobless high school kid i leap at the opportunity. even though my car's in the shop, i borrow my dad's in order to work. go in midday, slow only 2 deliveries, then the third one comes. the third delivery's alil heavy, and wet on the bottom, but i think nothing of it, have delivered before and it wasn't that heavy or wet. i get to the place, i pick it up, and the bottom collapsed right above my middle console. the soups all explode getting fucking everywhere. my cup holders became won ton baths for my phone. the seats are
My boyfriend and i had been hanging out, and we were starting to get very affectionate - in a way that remaining outside was probably going to get us some trouble. Instead of stopping, he suggested that we go to his brother's house. The doors were locked with the keys inside, so that's what we did.
i'm a guy who has never really been on a job site prior to the week i've been on this one.  i definitely under appreciated the weight of the wood on my cart. i've used a pump cart before, but for some reason i thought this one defied the laws of gravity.  the only place my foot had to go, was right into the concrete on the other side.thankfully, only muscle damage.  no tendon damage, no broken bones, and didn't tear the artery near my ankle.
i had 2 $50 bills to cover the cost of the $60 game. wal-mart was sold out to but when we got into the car, i checked my pocket and my money was gone. so here i am, game-less, money-less and sipping my soda.
i always kick my leg up and push the handle with my foot (it's your typical public bathroom straight handle).  i've done it thousands of times successfully, but today i guess i kicked with a little extra gusto and my heal got caught on the handle and ripped my shoe off of my foot. time slowed as i watched it drop into the toilet bowl while i yelled  "aw fuck ".  i fished it out, threw it away and hobbled back to my desk. i now sit here with one shoe on and i refuse to leave till after everyone else, i do not wish to be called *stank foot*, which is what my mind has determined my nick name would
My girlfriend's family is out of town for the week. i was at her parent's house checking on the animals. there was a computer handy, so i decided to hop on the internet for a little while. after i finished up (in their kitchen), i cleaned up, cleared the browsing history on the computer, and started getting ready to leave. i notice a zippo lighter on the counter. on the bottom of it there is a tiny black hole. upon further inspection, it's one of those  "nanny cam's " that people leave to make sure that the person they've got at their house isn't stealing or something.
i was at a car dealership, submitting his application for a loan that he would send to the bank. because i'm a 20 year old who works at a restaurant, i don't exactly know my  "salary ", just my wage. well, i was put on the spot, and had to do a few quick calculations. so i took my wage (including the raise i had just gotten last week) and calculated it all up. wage x 35 (hours in a week, rougly) x 52, and then added a random number for tips, because i serve as well. after all that, it came out looking like about 22,000 so i put that. in the bank
now i am back in the applicant pool. i applied to target and instead of taking the first interview available, i told them i couldn't make it.    i am now back into the applicant pools. i am still in the applicants pool.  I am back to the applicant Pool.
Cockroach came out of my vagina and landed on my face. I tried to get rid of it, but it kept coming back. I'm not sure why, but I think it was trying to tell me something. I don't want to know what it was saying.
Someone approached me at a convention and tried to talk to me for half an hour. I was out too late the night before and only had 3 hours sleep. It's never a great feeling when someone doesn't reciprocate in social situations. I'm really sorry for being a drowsy ass.
i just finished school up (i'm on the quarter system) and came back home. yesterday my cousin hit me up to go to the bars with him. seeing as i recently graduated, people kept buying me drinks. well this one hot girl starts flirting with me, and telling me i'm cute. we go into the furniture shop, and proceed to drink beers. i wake up in the morning to discover i pissed myself on one of her show room couches. i tell her i have to get going, and booked it out of there. no number, no info, just scrammed.
i have been in this apartment for two years now. when i moved in, the owners lived nearby. it is a 'no pets' lane of apartments but there was cat food we had to clean out from under the oven. about six months in i asked if i could get a cat. they said okay, so i got a signed paper from them to send to the local adoption agency. since then, the apartment row has been transferred to the management of a faceless corporation that is four hours away in the next major city. the owners moved to florida, i believe.
i was dropping my friend off at her house after a very good gym workout. parked the car to go play with her dog. when i was about to leave, i found that the car wasn't moving. wheels were spinning, but the car stood still. i was stuck in some mud, as it had been raining for the past week or so.
Last year i lost a bunch of weight, and like most- this year i'm well on the way to gaining it back. in an effort to lose the 25 lbs that i gained, i decided to start the same regimen i did last year by going on a several mike long walk/jog in my toe shoes. 6 miles in i notice that one of my toes starts to hurt and so i turn around and jog the 6 miles back, checking my toe for damage when i get home. it's fine, not even raw. so imagine to my surprise when i look down today, 4 days later, and see the biggest blister i've ever seen sprouting from my middle toe
i'm part of an extensive theatre company, and two good friends of mine are jayne and david, both spectacular actors. they've been dating for quite a while at this point, and everyone's happy. now, i'm directing a short play about a pancake house. david's playing a waiter named marty, and he's got a button-up and khakis for a costume. jayne's hanging around onstage so i can ask her opinion on various facets of the play.
i previously had a cold and couldn't really taste them, so i kept eating them. got super sick, can barely even move. now i'm dying.   u00a0revelation: this is op's friend. op is currently in the hospital suffering from severe intestinal blockage.
i live in a manufactured home (fancy term for a doublewide) and we have a wooden deck on the house.  whoever built the deck didn't put adequate support beams in the middle of the deck, so it's bowing pretty badly. well, because of the bowing, the grill fell and one of the charcoals fell out without me realizing it.
My boyfriend thought i was going to propose to him too because he really didn't know what it was. ...it's the charging port to his phone charger. i'm an idiot. i pick it up, full of emotions, about to cry. it's a small ring box.
 "i was in bed with my wife and she had her way with me "  "She pushed me back onto the bed and gave me the best orgasm of my life "  "I was in such pain that i had to get out of bed and walk to the bathroom to clean up "  "It was the best thing that ever happened to me "
 "She asked if she could give me a bj with her butt. didn't know she was on the phone with her mom "  "Currently single. yay! yay! "  "She asked me if I wanted to give her a butt bj "  "Yay! Yay! "
i was in costco buying supplies for a family party i was to attend later in the day. i passed by the tyre section of the shop and noticed a beautifully presented case of windscreen wipers. they were good quality ones, bridgestone, compared to the worn 'imported' ebay ones currently on my car. my current ones were ok, they were a bit noisy but i had no reason to change.
i'm in a fraternity, and i am now going to transfer schools because of this incident. i can never tell my parents what really happened and hopefully they will never find out. it was actually like two weeks ago. i'm in. a fraternity. and i'm nowGoing to transfer colleges because ofThis incident.
i love my ass. it's a ton of fun to play with. as a guy, it's the only way to get in touch with your inner self and i think it's fascinating to say the least. today, this was the reason i was mentally preparing a makeshift will. i'm only 18 and i pretty much have nothing to do all day unless i'm working. obviously if you have the house to yourself, you start to get creative with what you jerk to/with/how. i just want to get a bit of a buzz this morning.
After work, i have some drinks.  it's a normal occurrence for me to do and i'll admit i overdo it sometimes and wind up having a blackout.  today though was something that i'm both completely embarrassed about, and slightly fearful of. i got up and walked out of my room, completely buck naked in front of my house mates and sat down at my computer desk in what would be a dining room area.  i picked up an empty paper bag and proceeded to piss in it. my housemates are cool about it, just getting a laugh out of it.
Last night i was extra, extra tired and i filled my contact case with the cleaning solution instead of the rinsing/storage solution. this morning i put in my right lens and experienced the most intense burning sensation i have ever felt. 17 hours later and my eye is still red and stinging.
My dad was in an accident recently and he hasn't had a decent laptop in a while. I decided to put his music on a laptop i wasn't using so i decided to sync his phone to add the music to the itunes library. You know how when your iphone is plugged into a computer and it pops up with the pictures to import?  u00a0there were my mother's damn nudes, multiple of them.*  u00a0i never want to touch this phone ever again.
A month ago, i moved the fresh bananas onto a shelf, mostly out of view, figuring i'd put them back and then never did. over the course of the last month, the bananas dissolved into the aluminum, ruining the finish on the dish. worst of all, i have many fruit flies over in that corner, which i hadn't noticed because they were all hanging out on the bananas.
when i was younger, about 7 or 8, i used to hold in my poops because i thought it felt good. because of this, they would occasionally turtle head, and those turtle heads would, due to involuntary muscle reflex, occasionally get chopped off by the guillotine that was my adolescent butthole. so, i would have these small poop balls that would occasionally fall out of me. now, what i should have done was flushed them down the toilet. however, as i loved my gamecube and didn't want to get up, mostly just stuck them underneath my carpet. as you all may be able to deduce, this would cause quite the smell problem. whenever the
i really should not have eaten those supernoodles. i felt so ill suddenly that i had to make the decision between shitting myself and throwing up in the toilet or throwing up on the floor. before you know it i'm sitting on the toilet releasing the vile brown demon. but then i smell the demon and it's so bad that i threw up all over the bathroom floor.
i bought a ticket for my boyfriend using his card (he knew, i just found the better deal quicker, so i bought it on my end.) so now, when he said the ticket still hadn't hit his account, we looked at the ticket and that is when we noticed the date errors. the ticket happens to be non-refundable and non-changeable. i can get a refund for only a small amount. $139 out of the $1,400 ticket.
i was at a restaraunt (not fancy by any means...in fact, it was just an applebee's) and i felt that feeling you only get when you have a shit on its way. excusing myself, i head for the lou; half running half walking because i can feel something and it doesn't feel nice.  in the stall (first covering the seat with toilet paper for my bottom, and placing some in the potty as well so it didn't *plop*) i take my squat and let out the most disappointing airy acoustic that could ever leave my bum. so i sit there for a little while; pondering my life and what the world
i started having stomach problems s Saturday morning. i estimate i have a fever of 100, but i haven't bothered to do anything but take some acetaminophen. i ended up skipping about 3 or 4 classes this week because i was too scared i would have another incident. i didn't even eat a full meal until t Tuesday night. i infected my oldest sister with it while i was there.
i was sitting in my seat with my mom when i felt the urgent need to pee.  i get the green light from my mom to go because we could finally take our seatbelts off. i get up and make my way to the bathroom and lock the door behind me. i proceed to unzip my pants and let out the pee i'd been holding in for so long. suddenly the whole bathroom shakes from the plane hitting some 'unexpected' turbulence which sent my urine everywhere.
i met a girl a while back, and we decided to keep in contact over facebook, because she lives a little way away from me. We chatted for a while, and i asked her out, except i didn't know she had a boyfriend, until she told me, but she said we could still be friends. We decided to meet up earlier today, and just went to town and hung out for an hour or two, but i noticed it was incredibly uncomfortable, tense and frosty. i feel like i've just made a good friendship incredibly awkward, i don't think i can ever speak to her again, and if we do, it won't be the same as before.
i decided it was a good time to take a pregnancy test (i'm breastfeeding and my period has decided to disappear) since we have no plastic cups lying around, i decided to just use a small, shallow bowl that i previously used to store homemade scrub in. i cleaned it and used it to gather some urine, then dipped the test into it and waited for the result. upon coming back, i noticed it was negative. happily i grabbed the bowl and the stick and decided to rinse them. that was when things went south.
i was eating some habanero with a friend. i squeezed it a bit and a little drip flew in to my eye. it took ~6 hours and a lot of washing to get the pain out of my eyes. that was the reddest i've ever seen my eyes!
i suffer from insomnia and have recently come off my meds. my cat, in her infinite wisdom, decided to comfort me in her usual way by walking up my body to roll on my face. before she initiated her rolling sequence she started sniffing my face and i opened my eyes to see what she was doing. in that split second, her tongue was being dragged across my eyeball with the pain of a thousand really painful things. i've never flushed my eye so hard it burned. it burned so much i ended up being able to sleep at around 6am for 5 hours. i think my brain is falling out of my head like wet cake. my eye still hurts.
The longest piss of my life... with people watching. drank about 15 shots of shitty rum, not super excessive but nonetheless got me blasted. apparently i walked straight out of the mcdonalds in logan utah, said fuckin mormons to a group of them walking in and proceeded to douse a random car, hood, trunk, windows, etc.
A director who is kinda sorta well known was asking me about my age (turning 18 in a month) and, when asked why, he wouldn't give me an answer. So, being the dipshit i am, i make the joke (word for word):  "is it relevant to anything not creepy? i figured i'd ask since you bring it up at such an odd hour " he called me rude and said good night.
i've been feeling like i'm not important to my girlfriend and its been bugging me because when i brought it up with her she just kinda brushed it aside. tonight i was texting her and she didn't respond for about an hour and a half which typically means she's forgotten about me and gotten distracted by something else. so, i text her  "remember when i was saying that i felt unimportant to you? that really hasn't changed and you randomly not texting me, or forgetting about me, for about a hour & a half isn't helping " and apparently the reason shedidn't text me was because her grandma died. so now i feel like a complete asshole. i did apologize
This has happened to me a total of 3 times before, over the course of approximately the last 3 years. usually, it pops back in by itself within 20 minutes or so, so i thought i could just wait it out. today i went into des moines with some friends for lunch. the wait was almost 2 hours, so we went to a clothing store to burn some time. i wanted to buy a t-shirt there, and went to the dressing room to see how it fit. as i reached behind me to close the curtain, i felt a popping sensation in my left shoulder, followed by immediate pain.
Every so often i use a dildo on myself. and some butt plugs. i don't have any attraction to men, but prostate stimulation turns me on a lot. while no one else was home i had some me time, washed my toys and then left them to dry. i left my door open, with my bedroom lights on, and the dildo and plugs proudly displayed right in front of the open door. i went into the kitchen for a few minutes when i heard someone coming up the stairs. i ran to try and close the door or something before he saw them. it didn't seem real. everything happened in slow motion. he went into his room (right next to mine
i was playing an online game in a group with someone and they say something in really broken english. me being the typical sarcastic guy say,  "is that even english? " immediately followed by  "i didn't mean that as an insult... just joking " the guy types back,  "sorry can't type well brain damage in language part of brain. " insert profuse apologizing here.
i was a junior in high school. i was in the bathroom with a friend when he started singing the national anthem. i of course, responded with,  "*my home and native laaaaaand!  true patriot laaove in all thy sons " He left the bathroom in perfect silence.
So basically, i have a friend of mine who sells me  "stuff ". today, i wanted to buy some  "stuff ", so i called him. He told me to meet him at his mom's house. i rode my bike there, and upon getting there, gave him a call.  "hey, i'm here "  "alright, no one's home, so just come in through the garage "  "i'm in the wrong house "  "where are you? "  "in the back yard pool "
i just procured a pretty swank microphone and headphone set-up for a podcast i'm taking part in. to test it out, i scroll through my recent calls in google voice and call the first number. it happens to be my ex-girlfriend, of a call from months ago. she and i have remained on pretty amiable terms, i guess - it's kind of distanced, but it's not like we hate each other or anything. we hooked up once again a couple of months ago, and then we parted ways. i don't know if i've done anything to warrant a cold hang up, but at the very least this is a pretty certain message that she doesn
i was at target and went to use the restroom and forgot about this scarf. i ended up sticking it in both toilet water and a lovely stream of urine without noticing. afterwards, i stood up and decided it might look good to wrap my scarf around my neck once therefore i flipped it casually around. but i guess due to the weight of the soaked scarf, it didn't exactly make it all the way around and ended up smacking me in the face. also, i will be sticking to sweatshirts from now on.
The girl in the nude was his 20 or 21 year old sister who had sent her fiance a nude that managed to get picked up by the xbox's wireless adapter. she lives right next door to him and they share the wifi, so being on the same wifi was to blame at least that is my theory on what had happened.
i seem to be alone in enjoying the act of sneezing. the more powerful the sneeze, the better, as far as i'm concerned. i try to help it along by looking into a light, voicing a large  "a-a-atchoo! "
i was trying to help her with something and she ended up getting a virus and slowing her computer down a lot. i did a little research on how to fix it: found some anti-virus software, found ccleaner, and some other things. she said she had the software and didn't want me messing up her computer anymore. i know i screwed it up and it's my fault, but i think i know how to help, but she doesn't want it.
i lost my first pair of prescription eyeglasses. i still have no idea if they were stolen or if they fell out or something. i wasted the weekend thinking about where to find these glasses instead of studying. i'm still trying to figure out whether i could go out with my friend on her birthday. hopefully my parents will forget by then.
i was playing call of duty: black ops 2, hardcore kill confirmed on the map called  "yemen ", to be precise. i was a bit too frustrated already, because it was lagging on this map and that moment i lost. i threw my mouse to the side of my desk where it flung into the monitor. as a 21-year old  "kid " who still goes to  "school " this proves rather troublesome.
A month ago, a friend of mine was pulled over by the same cops that pulled me over before. He was charged with a city ordinance violation and got a $120 ticket. The cops assured us both that neither of us would have to worry about misdemeanors or anything as long as we accepted our consequences.
i'm sorry everybody, good -day. so, tonight some friends and i decided to go out and get stupid at a free drinks night at a bar near my apartment. while i was walking to the bar, my roommate and i saw this guy moonwalking around. i didn't think much more of it past the usual  "that's odd " well, about 8 or 9 whisky sours in, and garth fucking brooks comes on, and low-and-behold there is the moonwalking dude, again. so in my stupor, i go up to him and moonwalk with him, and ask why hes moon walking.  he gets real stiff, and walks
After a powerhour at my apartment, everyone was feeling pretty good, including me. As we began flagging down a taxi, i began to realize that my dinner and all the carbonation from the beer were not mixing well together. i knew i had a shit storm brewing inside of me, but had to make it to the bar. as i ordered my beer, i felt a fart coming and decided it would be okay to let a silent bomb off. however, i had underestimated all the Carbonation from earlier resulting in a fart, which was quickly followed by some watery poop. i immediately realized that i had fucked up, the bar was far from my home and i could not return
Smoker-me notices other roomie smoker watching tv, so i grab a ashtray and offer him a smoke. He says he'd rather it not be on the couch, i agree, grab it and it slips. The tray itself only has a bit of ash but they fall just close enough that i feel the need to toss the very edge of the blanket away.
i was driving back to my house with my two young kids in the backseat. for some reason i randomly decided to inhale while swallowing while driving 40 mph. my lungs pretty much said nope and shut down and i gasped for air. every cough exhaled every amount of air i had in me. i had to fight through it and i had a really hard time not heaving over. through my watery eyes i kept driving. luckily the children didn't feel/hear it, so they didn't ask.
i took the cap off and went for a few gulps... then i looked. it was moldy apple juice. now i'm sitting here feeling like i need to vomit but i can't. i'm just scarred for life now. i never thought it would happen to me, learn from my mistake.
i was 14 and was hanging out with a friend walking around the woods behind our neighborhood. We came across a 4x4 raised sewer drain and decided that we could catapult stuff off it using the sweet board we found. My friend is standing on the drain with his back turned to me waiting for me to tell him to go.
i got up early this morning to cook my fianc u00e9 breakfast. after finishing up, i put it on a plate and left the kitchen. 12 hours later, there was the stove top, still cooking, still on. i'd forgotten to turn it off.neither of us passed it all day until going to bed, where i double checked the back door was locked.
i was on my way to catch the train home from my university campus. i live on campus but i work on sundays in my home town. i decide that, since i have a little time, i should go to starbucks and grab a coffee. upon entering i see the extremely attractive counter worker (let's just call him matt) making coffees. he looks up and says  "oh, but if it's for jazziedax, of course " with his super gorgeous smile. i melt, in my silly 20 year old way and fumble my head phones into position, knocking my bow out of my hair.
A 1982 mercedes benz 240d 4spd with a  "blown engine " was for sale on craigslist. The car was idling really, really rough and vibrating like mad, with large amounts of grey smoke chugging from the exhaust. The guy was not familiar at all with the om616 diesel engine... next time i should keep my thoughts to myself.
i was in a bachelor party with a big group of friends (18 of us) in a cruise ship. a long time ago, the groom went scuba diving and got sunburnt like a racoon, so we nicknamed him like that, the racoon (in english) as with many nicknames, the Racoon evolved to be just  "coon "
This weekend i only had 1 day off (i haven't had many days off the past 2 months), and when i managed yesterday, it was a complete disaster. my friend (who is one of my employees) was having just as bad of a time and said she could use a drink. so i invited her over after work. we had fun complaining about work and talking about our sex lives. at that moment i got a snapchat from a girl i've been talking to and occasionally fooling around with for a few weeks. apparently she thought my friend was hot and encouraged me to get with her. in my drunk and spiteful state, i bet that i could get her off.
 "i was pushed " is the phrase on a tombstone left on a man's front lawn. The man died after falling and breaking his neck. The tombstone was left on the lawn by the man who pushed it there.  "i was push " is a phrase used to refer to a person who has been pushed.
My spanish 2 teacher is an incredibitch. She's also an extremely picky grader. With my dumb ass having a c in her class, i wanted to do really good on this upcoming project due monday (today) so i broke my back and spent alllll sunday working on this goddamn powerpoint. got done with it, and saved it on my handy dandy flashdrive. of course. i still have to make note cards, because i have to present this monster to the class. oh well, my night is gone anyway. i better get a 100 on this shit.
Don't use ctrl+r to bring up your  "run command " bar, it will refresh the page. i'm an idiot.    I don't know what I'm doing. I should be doing something else. I'm sorry, I just don't get it.
Our landlady thought we weren't going to renew our lease. We told her we were, but she had scheduled a tour and our upstairs neighbours are leaving. She walked into an apartment with beer bottles, solo cups, ashtrays, a box of wine, 5 pizza boxes, a coffee table full of empty chinese containers, cigarette butts, two bongs and more bottles.
My car is having issues and i am a broke college student. texted my parents about it having problems. got into a fight over the differential treatment my brother and i have received. my dad brought up how because of the divorce agreement he went into more debt than he wanted to. not my fault. so i took my frustrations out on facebook. my sister-in-law then when crazy and bitched me out saying i was an ungrateful and spoiled and that i was throwing a tantrum on fb airing my dirty laundry. she made my problem about her. fucking cunt.
i tried to stop myself from peeing squeezed my dick, and tried to catch the toilet seat all at once. that was a mistake i will never make again. i let go and the pee came out, but oh my god did it burn. and it still burns. it's been about 12 hours since this has happened and it is fucking killing me. i'm debating on whether or not i should go see a doctor because i really don't want to have to explain this story again.
Art is a mandatory subject at my year, and after painting and shit, we start to pack up the room, including the paint brushes and what not. then i see this bottle, half full of liquid sitting in the sink. i thought to myself  "musty be water. let's just go ahead and pour it into the drain, whilst trying to get as much of it onto other people for shits and gigs "my masterful plan was going well, i successfully made a nuisance of myself and tossed the now empty bottle aside. then all of a sudden, a strong smell came across the room,. causing it to smell strongly of chemicals. as it turns out, that bottle was actually
Gossip is basically having people send their thoughts about anything or anyone related to the school to ask.fm. People generally sent in okay stuff, lots of them about what they thought about certain people. i personally didn't get entangled in any of the drama, i just made the page and posted little blurbs with the thoughts submitted.
My husband and i live with his mother in law while we get back on our feet. While at work, i bring a box of hot pockets to work with me. When i came home, the box was empty and there was a single hot pocket in the freezer. i asked her if she had eaten any of the hot pockets and she said yes. She then said she would go to the store and get a new box. When she didn't come back, she started yelling at me. We are now looking to move out of her house.
A long-distance girlfriend sent him a dirty snapchat picture or her in just her underwear. She couldn't answer because she was having internet problems, but being ridiculously horny, i kept sending her invites to facetime. After about the 5th attempt, facetime shows that its beginning to connect with her, and i have my camera facing my hand holding my dick. after about 3 seconds of it connecting me to her, i see her dad looking thoroughly disgusted.
i'm a 17 year old highschool student that has been working at wendy's for around 8 months. i've grown kind of close to my one manager (we have 4) and we kinda serve as each other's sanity because working fast food everyday puts a lot of stress on a person. This manager, we'll call him jay, has a 2012 ford mustang club of america edition. He often uses it as a bribing tool to get me to come in on my day off and work for him.
i made out with a for the first time when we were high on friday, and again when she was, but i wasn't high, on sunday. b, being a horny teenager, wanted to make out with me. so i kissed c too. i feel like an absolute slut, and an absolute shit, and i feellike a terrible person. i'd never kissed anybody before last friday. i felt like i'm going wayy overboard. no, i don't have a good excuse, but there is a story behind it.
We moved into our first flat together. The first room was too small for a bed, so we asked for a sofa. The sofa was a single, so they offered to send us a double. But we lost the receipt, and the double was never delivered. We are now living on the floor.
i decided i really wanted to catch up on a show at work today. i put on my headphones and played the show on my computer while looking really busy and hard at work. i kept getting weird looks from everyone who walked by my office. finally my phone rang and i took my headphones off without pausing my show and realized the show was playing out of my speakers also. great . . . now everyone knows when my headphones are on i am watching tv!
i would never wish what happened for the next 12 hours on any person. violent throwing up, explosive diarrhea, and the worst headache of my life. this actually happened a few years back in a college biology class.  i got the kid back a year later while camping but thats a whole other story.
A server admin thought i was ready to take charge of the production deployment. The process should have taken about an hour or so, but after 2 hours, and no results, i needed help. By 1:45 am, i doze off, spooning my computer.  i get a call at 5:30 from the cio, freaking out about the website.
i'm an idiot!! now the very foundation of my blog and my 60+ pound weight loss journey over the past 8 months is completely gone. apparently, google chromebooks have no recovery option! I'm so sad. I've been trying to lose weight for 8 months.
Last week i got my paycheck from my job and then proceeded to deposit it using an electronic deposit app for my bank on my phone. the deposit went through the next day but said it was on a 7 day hold. i tried calling my bank, but they said they couldn't lift the hold. so i went and cashed the check, payed my bills and went about my own business for a week. i woke up this morning and decided to check my balance to see how in debt i was, but to my surprise i had there was nearly $200.
i am a full-time student and am completely on my own when it comes to finances, and most likely will not be able to buy a new one any time soon. the only place i saved the essay to was here, so it looks like i'll be pulling another all-nighter to rewrite the goddamned thing, all 12 pages of it. i work tomorrow at 9am and have no idea what else i can do.
i was high. it was after midnight. i was catching up with an old friend from high school who i barely talk to. He asked if i was going to pharmacy school. I said yes. He said he'd like to try. 20 min later. no response.
i accidentally swapped the labels before affixing them. they were both in express packages and i accidentally swapped them. i work at a ups store. i accidentally switched the labels on the packages and they were in express boxes. i mistakenly swapped them on the express boxes and they weren't in express packaging.
i was in a group video project with this same kid and we were discussing dates to meet up and work. i remember him saying some stuff about how he had to be at his dad's house, and so i assumed that his parents were divorced. i felt like total shit until lunch when i could find the kid and tell him that i sincerely was sorry and that i had no idea. even a homophobe doesn't deserve that kind of shit.
i just hope i passed the lab. i'm taking a culinary class in school, because i absolutely suck at cooking. so we learned a lot of basics, stuff we already know, blah blah blah... and we made apple scones. then, the teacher assigned us to make our own version of the scones, with our own added twist. we leave the bacon inside, and cook it. when they get to ours, well, everyone just starts gagging and coughing, spitting etc. they were that bad.
i'm not actually sure if this was today or yesterday, as i have no idea what time this happened. i got drunk before i went to bed last night, one of my favorite shows (american horror story) started its new season and i saw that as a reason to celebrate (who am i kidding?  i'm an alcoholic.), so i wentto the store and got some drinks and got shitty, then passed out. i woke up some unknown amount of time later and *desperately* needed to go pee, so i just hop out of bed and right around the corner to the bathroom. i see a figure in my living room, crouched down on the floor (
i work for a digital agency and i write a lot of online content, blog posts etc. i like to add a bit of humour to some of my posts and earlier today i'd written something about the most popular dishes in the uk. When time came to submit the post and to to keep in with the humour i thought  "i know what, i'll bung a meme into the post " not just any old meme, a fat person meme.
The car is now on it's way to the dealer waiting for nissan to import the new back window. apparently it has to be manufactured somewhere because the car is 16 years old and they don't make it anymore. This is colombia, so please keep in mind things are quite different here than in the united states.
So my dads been growing these chilli's. we like in the uk. so i just ripped off a medium sized one, about half a thumb and shoved it in my mouth biting bits off as i go. after about 5-10 seconds it got hot, and hotter until my lips and throat were burning so much i ran into the kitchen, and drunk a whole pint of milk. during that time i decided to snort out a huge ass bogey, in which i thought it would be a good idea to pick out. my nose now stings like my lips did.
i've done ultimate washing faux pas! my dog has been ill since last night, (its thursday 9am bst, as i write this) and at half 5 this morning i woke to find him being sick just inches from my head. His dog vomit went over the red quilt by the side of my bed as well as the sheets on it. so i put them in the wash. not realizing that i've never washed the silk quilt with the sheets before! when the wash cycle had finished and i went to put them into the tumbler, i discovered my white sheets were now a lovely shade of pink!
My dad asked me to help him with his lawn, killing weeds and shit. He handed me a spray bottle of weed killer and said  "just spray all the weeds " After about an hour of going over about 80% of the lawn with weed killer, he walked out and asked what i was doing.
180 bucks, gone. -before i called the locksmith to open my cardoor because my dumbass left the keys inside there....boom, 180 bucks, Gone. - before i called a locksmith  because my locksmith left the Keys inside there...boom,. 180 bucks,. gone.
My uncle had been trying to get a company to pick up his idea for an airline company that he and a bunch of other people had an idea for. The meeting was in the met life building. (near the twin towers) so the meeting is on 9/11/01. right after he finishes pitching the idea the plane hits one of the twin Towers. needless to say the company did not take his idea.
For the past 5 years i've been ill between new years and christmas eve. i thought i would have gotten away with being ill for the first time in 5 years. woke up this morning with stumach ache, thought it was just normal, lolno how wrong that was. i go to the bathroom, have a coughing fit, throw up in the sink through both my nose and mouth, (both vomit and blood) (also keep in mind, i'm wearing brand new underwear, and brand new pjs i got for christmas)
i'm on holidays in germany and there was nobody else home so i figured it'd be good to knock one out. i assumed i was connected to the wifi so i loaded up a video and started going at it. the video cut out about half way through and i couldn't get my connection back. it was only at that point that i realised i was using roaming 3g and i'd spent all my credit on 5 minutes of porn.
My family and i are hispanic. we live in a middle class all white neighborhood. We were renting a movie and a man with the same car, and the exact same color, pulls up next to us, and leaves the door unlocked. My dad is in the drivers seat, keys in the ignition, ready to back out... the guy flips his shit, he grabs his phone and tells us  "don't hurt me, i'll give you whatever you want! "
My wife's friend  "jan " came to stay with us for a week, essentially using our home as a staging area to visit all her old friends. She is quite attractive (but not as hot as my wife) and frequently was gone for hours at a time. This had me constantly thinking about sneaking into her room and looking for the goods. i was  "good " until she left her door cracked one day and the dog went rummaging for me. There they were. A beautiful pair of practical cotton panties just inches from my nose.
i'm 16 by the way. i am a gamer so naturally i have some servers running in my office. i'm also a cheap person so my only way to monitor said servers is to use a old android phone i had laying around and use that as an ip camera. earlier this year i had to move the servers to a different building so that my sister can stay here when she got back from college. the servers got moved out but i forgot about the camera and stopped logging in to check it because i really didn't need to now that the servers were in my room. apparently when my sister got home she saw the phone, on a camera app, and absolutely flipped her shit.
A Reddit user describes how he went to an old friend's house to use the bathroom. He says he had to crouch down in a bush to do the deed. The post was inspired by reddit's many stories of people shitting during exercise.  "i regret nothing, " the user writes.
 "i mistook it for the confederate flag.  He was very offended. and it was painfully awkward while he showed me the video "  "He wanted to show me something on his computer and his background was the gbr flag and i mistook It for the Confederate Flag "
When i wen't over to my friends apartment to do a project, i went over to his kitchen thingy to mooch off some food. i open some cabinets and find some gummies in a bag and start eating them. after finishing the large bag of gummies i started to feel like my stomach was about to explode. looking at the bag i realized they were vitamin fiber supplements. i mustve taken a 18 hour shit-time because now i have a giant red ring on my ass..
i had a trinidad scorpion moruga and a couple ghost chilies. it was good, very spicy. later i had to take a piss, forgetting i had handled these peppers with my bare hands. my dickhole is currently feeling like what i would say is worse than getting kicked in the nuts.
A friend of mine and i are on a work trip in west texas and we decided to go to carlsbad caverns. About 1/3 of the way down, we see a cave off the trail. and decided to going under the railing and climb down. About 10 seconds later, a guide walked around the corner and escorted us out.
Earlier in the day, i deleted her from my contacts. later, drunk, about 10pm, i realized i still have her in my recent facetime calls. i go to delete, instead i make a call. finally hang up, and i feel so disgusted with myself that i puke. clean up, then i shoot her an email saying it was an honest mistake.
My husband's mother-in-law sent him a birthday card early so i thought i'd hide it in a safe place till the big day. This place was so safe that now i can't remember where it is and several hours of searching have failed to unearth it. have fessed up and promised to buy him anything he wants from amazon as long as he never ever tells his mother what i did.
i had to replace myself with another photographer for this weekend's wedding. i called the client to let her know and she said  "i don't give a fuck who died! " and hung up on me.did i do something wrong or right by supporting my fianc u00e9?
Me being bored in my current relationship with some girl who lives in manchester, i broke up with her by sending her an email. i was really attracted to my best friend (im a guy and shes a she). so i think about playing it cool, bombard past all her friends while listening to nero in my earphones and as the bass dropped i grabbed her by her sholdures and shook her saying  "would you go out with me? " possibly one of the greatest fuck ups of my life.
i haven't been living too healthy after loosing my job. after being tired of feeling crappy, i stopped drinking anything but water. this resulted in caffeine withdrawals. i decided to take a multivitamin today on an empty stomach. i, of course, forgot how much caffeine is in them. now i'm all jittery and shaky. i have my concealed carry class shortly, sure hope i'm not expected to shoot straight much less accurately.
i applied at the grocery store for the bakery department. i love making cakes and all that shit. but there wasn't an opening, and they needed a janitor. no problem, says i. i've never been praised like this. ever! and to top it off, there's an opening in the pharmacy, and it pays a whole dollar more. my husband has been a pharmacy tech for three years! he can help me, he'll know exactly the problems i'll run into in this setting.
The stream perfectly hit a banana and splashed onto my... thigh. after much cursing and running of cold water, waiting to see if its any worse then the worst way to wake up ever. woke up and began his normal morning routine. put oatmeal and a sliced banana in a bowl, and begin to pour the bowling water.
i went out to a show and had a blast, too much of a blast. this morning (i think) i made my way home with a friend. we walked the two miles here, and got lost along the way. somewhere in the two mile trip i lost my phone. it has my entire life inside of it, not to mention some photos that i would rather not be seen by anyone i didn't choose.
 reddit thought you could use a laugh at my stupidity for the last few days, there is a girl i really like and care for we shall call her nikki since she is a redditor also. She asked me to describe my perfect girl so i described the complete opposite of her (i did not like her at this point in time), so she holds that one against me for the rest of the time we have known each other. So time moves on we become closer, and now i joined the navy, and she is all sorts of pissed off, at the fact of i am leaving her. But then i get her flowers on a day she is visiting her boyfriend so once again my
i went to get coffee at work at the cafeteria, was walking back out of the cafeteria into the connecting hallway. some guy in a group of three wasn't looking as he was walking (was half turned to someone in the group) and i went around, he didn't see me and kept walking. his foot hit mine, he was caught off guard, he spilled coffee on his shirt. he was so shocked. i turned around and apologized, not really knowing what to say... for some reason i don't feel bad b/c I don't think people should be walking without looking down the hallways.
i rode my bike to my house to get some money when i was with my friends. i didn't look both ways and didn't see any oncoming traffic. when i'm almost across the street a car hit me on my brand new cannondale trail 7. the car ripped off the back wheel. i wasn't badly injured.
i work as a level 1 it help desk/computer repairs technician for a small company. my boss is a woman in her early 40's, and she was having router troubles at home. no problem, i can stop over on my way home, fix her router up in 10 minutes and earn some brownie points. keep in mind, this is an expensive house in the rich part of town. these are the sort of people who have more money than i'll ever earn and are extremely proud of it.
i was at a free festival with my friends and we went to a park nearby to watch the fireworks. while we went back to a concert that took place a few hundred meters away i felt something under my shoe. i felt i could put this disturbing stone or whatever away with my hand just to find out that i stepped into dogshit and i had it on my hand. after this i finally found a restroom to wash my hands and when i washed my hands a girl came by and used the same sink because it was very crowdy. and she asked why i washing my hands with so much soaps and if i pooped in my hand and i really lost it at that moment.
i work in a call center, and when you leave your computer, you log out of your phone so you don't receive calls. it was a pretty slow morning, and i *really* had to pee, so i logged out and ran to the restroom. when i came back to my desk two minutes later, i saw that there was a number showing. my phone had received a call while i was gone. and the customer had been on the like for twenty seconds. my mic was muted and i, panicked, ended the call, so the person would just assume the line was dead. i feel like such a dumbass.
 "i was on my girlfriend's bed, about to receive head (or whatever else you want to call 3rd base). being the mature shit i am, i saw a sealed bottle of vanilla coca-cola next to her bed, and that my flies were undone. obviously, i *had* to do it. after a bit of 'penis' touching, she decided to open the cap. this is when we both found out it had been shaken, a lot "
i have this friend (let u2019s call her jessy) that is a really great person, an awesome friend that always act kindly or nicely with me. but we, from the beginning of our friendship, always had this attraction to each other; i never did anything about it until today. so i was thinking about to make the first move, so i touched her ear lobe, she said that tickles her, i kiss her there, then neck, lips, chest, breast. at this point we were completly nude, about to seal the deal, and here is when i stopped! i know what are you thinking (what the fuck? why?). well, i
A high-school student works in a trophy shop. He took a picture of an order and sent it to a mutual friend. The order was for one of his friends. His mother found out about it an hour after he got off work. She was very angry since this was supposed to be a surprise.
My dad grew up as a poor black kid in a shit part of the bronx ny, and self-emancipated himself at a very young age. After a tour in vietnam and having a family with 3 (bi-racial, i'm very light skinned) kids he received a surprise visit from his sister. She came in, posing as a customer, and was flirting with him, asking all kinds of questions.
 "i need plan b, please. "  "oh, " he replied,  "the ultimate party drug. "  "i really admire and have been working with to try and secure a solo show for myself in the upcoming months. one of which being a local artist whom i really admire "
 "i try and get eye contact with her and throw in a cute smile every now and then, but never spoke to her "  "i put on headphones, listened to taylor swift really loudly, wallowed in self-pity and fell asleep "  "this is probably the only chance i will ever have to talk to her again "
Two hours later remembered i had turned on the hot water. woke up turned on shower and came to find a movie to watch. got distracted and two hours later realized i had been in the shower for two hours. Two hours after that, i went to bed and went to sleep.
i've never actually tried one before. decided to try one and now i have hives. saw my friend leave some peanuts on the table and the thought occurred to me that i've never actual tried them before. so i tried them. and they were good. i've tried them again. and now they're even better.
i work with my brother in a small commercial warehouse off of a relatively busy street (commercial area, lots of trucks, pickups, cars) i stupidly decide it would be fun to throw the ball as hard as i could.  it was only a split second after i'd thrown the ball i started to connect the dots. i chased and yelled at mohawk, but he was in a dead sprint.  he did multiple barrel rolls before he was dragged out of view to the right, where the truck shuddered to a stop.
i could have had a date tonight, tonight and possibly much more, since she is moving away in a week. and i dun goofed. she looked towards me with those eyes that wanted something. except i remained oblivious. until logic kicks in hours after the ceremony.
i was walking back home late at night and i reeeeaaaaallly needed to pee. my apartment was just a block away and i was doing such a good job of holding it in. but just as i neared the building, i couldn't help but open up the flood gates. to add to my embarrassment, i ran into a couple people (who were nice enough to just stare and not say anything) after which i ran up to my place cloaked in misery.
i told a friend someone thought she looked pregnant and now she feels like shit. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. fml. i told my friend someone Thought she Looked Pregnant and Now She Feels Like shit. Then Her Bf Texted me saying He's Going To Kill Me. f ML.
i love parmesean cheese so much, i opened the wrong end. [i opened the right end. i love it so much. i opened it wrong end]. I love it. I love It. I. Love It. It. Is. The Best. Ever.
i went away to the skate park for some fun. when i got home some guy came over to cut up a giant tree that had fallen on our lawn. he went to the tree and came back a few minutes later and asked us if we *had* a cat. dusty's leg was ripped off and he bled out behind the tree a few feet from our front door. i guess he got hit by a car. i wish i hadn't tried to pet him. he had 4 leisurely years on this earth.
 " bra comes before coffee. while i poured myself a hot cup of coffee, " she said.  "I was trying to get ready for work in the morning. I was like, 'What am I going to do with my bra?'  " she added.  "And then i realized, 'Oh my God, I'm wearing a bra!' "
My dog tends to chew things. so to combat this i put him in a kennel while i am at work. i came home from work to be hit right in the face with the sickest smell i've ever smelt. after spending a full on minute cursing i work up the nerve to move the cage. i figure if i can open up the sliding doors onto my deck and shove it across the kitchen i can set the dog out straight into the yard. so i get a move on and this is when it's starting to get bad, the poop is splooshing out over the sides of the cage and leaving a long, yellow trail all the way to the door.
 "i lost it, i have no clue why i did, but i did. everyone near me was cringing and they looked pissed "  "he's being buttfucked by a monkey " says my friend next to me.  "i was literally in tears. its awful "
i fainted in public...again. technically it was last night. managed to almost break my nose; also slightly damage my septum piercing and my monroe and bust my bottom lip, bruise my forehead and my knee. i refused to take an ambulance because i don't have health insurance... can't even afford a medical alert bracelet for my undiagnosed condition.
The knob to turn on the gas should be located on a sink and that it should be colored light blue. The knob for the gas was wide open, having a hearing problem, i never heard the hiss of gas escaping. They evacuated the whole 8 story building and called the police.
i had no idea pci-e slots had a plastic retaining clip holding in the video card. i unscrewed it, tried to pull it out and it wouldn't come out. kept pulling (which i knew was wrong but i was frustrated) and snap! card works ok though.
i generally go to bed around 4 and i often have work or class at 7 or 8 am. i'm sick of being a half a zombie anymore, so i stayed up the entire night last night and went through my day (one accidental nap less than an hour long) planning on passing out early and hopefully fixing my sleep schedule.well now it's 3 am and i'm not even tired. what the hell body...i have work starting in 4 and a half hours.
One of my supervisors offered to drive me 1 hour home. As i was getting ready to exit the car, my bladder burst and i began to pee. She thought it was water so she cleaned it herself when she got home. She reassured me that it wasn't a big deal and that she'd keep it between us.
 "i'm so sexually attracted to you " might be the least sexy thing a woman has ever said to me "  "i'm pretty sure daniel craig could go an entire year using that line every night, at a bar for recently-divorced middle-aged women, and never once get laid "  "this is the story of why i started wearing underwear again "
In history class we were talking about english imperialism and how some statements of senators were really racist. thinking i would be funny reading this website whitemilkpower.com in front of my friend i brought it up and started reading. being the idiot i usually am i decided to let it stay on my screen for my teacher to see (me and my teacher are pretty close) he sees it and picks up my computer and starts to read and says  "do you know what your reading here and how racist it is? " instantly my heart stopped and it felt like i shit my pants.
i was at babies'r'us picking up some of the furniture for my son's nursery, very pregnant. i was wearing maternity jeans that went under my belly, not over, which was my first mistake because i have no ass. when i get upset, stressed, or emotional, i lactate a lot.so, pants around my ankles, i suddenly have two giant wet spots on my chest. and they are only getting bigger.
i've been seeing this girl every other week for 4-5 months. she gives an hour for 30 dollars and i tip her 20 every time. i've never said anything sexually suggestive and have *never* dreamed of trying anything physical with her in the middle of a session. it probably doesn't hurt that i'm not terribly painful to look at. but those extra tips feel much more deserved knowing that she's had to deal with my bullshit boners all these months.
i was walking out of walmart, and it was decently crowed, a few people going in and coming out. as i walked out, i saw a really attractive woman walking across my field of vision from left to right, wearing a short skirt and high heels. i only saw her once in that initial glance, and she walked behind a truck parked outside of the store. so as i walk to the parking lot, i completely miss the car that was coming because the truck blocked my peripheral vision, and his vision of me. he came really close to hitting me and had to brake and honk his horn. people turned to look and i felt super embarrassed.
i work at a restaurant chain such as friendly's, and i'm sweeping and mopping the floor. throughout the day i've been cutting little farts here and there because it happens. so i made a throwaway for this story because it's humiliating as fuck. this corn induced chemical air bomb eviscerates my asshole, silently but more than deadly.
 "i almost drowned because i was a dumb ass looking for an adventure "  "i almost slid off a cliff and a friend caught me by my backpack "  " i almost laughed when the thought popped up that if i did die my student loans would be forgiven " "i'm all about adventure and decide i'm traveling in the fucking rapids "
There were no eggs at any shop i went to. Happy easter to all my friends and family. I hope your easter is going to be great. I'm looking forward to it. I love you all. I'll see you in a week or so.
i bought this old all-in-one pc (imac g3) for like $10 and i was planning on using it as a music player. played some ordinary music through it at full volume, worked fine. then i played dubstep through it, at the same volume. it immediately sounded distorted and as if it was a horrible quality speaker. now every track with even the slightest amount of bass sounds terrible.
My laptop was in the hands of a more technologically savvy friend after an unfortunate virus and my roommate was using his own laptop. i really needed to check my email. so i figured i would ask him if i could use his laptop. he said yes and let me use it. i pressed ctrl+t to open a new tab, but accidentally pressed cCtrl+shift+t instead, opening the recently closed tab. it was... yeah... let's just say i learned way too much about what kind of porn he was into.
i rent; lived in the place a few years. got a letter a week earlier saying a house inspection would happen in the morning at about 9:30. the real estate agent has a key but i set an alarm and aimed to be up and ready anyway. i ended up playing civ v a wee bit late into the night, and woke up at midday with my bedroom door open. i can only assume she walked in thinking no one was home after no one answered the door.
The heat in my house has been malfunctioning causing a cold discomfort anywhere outside my bed where i can remain covered in a pile of blankets. i was on my phone when i came across a few nude images and that caused me to have a desire to ferociously masturbate. i then had an idea to warm up some lubricant in my microwave to keep my genitals at a warmer temperature and thought it would feel good. my region was completely scorched making it the most painful erection (and ejaculation) i have ever experienced.
i honestly can't remember the last time i was this stupid. last night i parked half a mile away for a convention then when i finally got there, there was plenty of parking because the convention had ended the day before. then i didn't notice the sign or the sidewalk which had a 24 min only painted on it because it was so dark outside, and i assumed since it was after 7 that i could park there no problem. i come back to my car 40 minutes later and there it was, a shiny white envelope with a $50 fine. then today i went on the metro line, loaded my tap card with the fare, but then in my rush to grab the train i forgot
Titler is a it-consultant who works in a firm that uses skype for communication. He was invited to a conference call with his boss and some of the upper management. He forgot that he had a displayname and a pretty messed up picture to accompany it.
i chopped a bunch of wood, stacked it inside, and a fire in my stove to heat my little house at 8000 ft in colorado. my stove is pretty small, so i tried to put a big piece of wood in but it wouldn't fit. the log that didn't fit caught a spark and spread to the others. the three logs had become glowing embers.
After pulling an all-nighter studying for exams, i decided to take my sleeping medicine (restoril) at 11 am.  after i slept for a little while, my body must have decided to wander around the fraternity house and accept whatever everyone was doing.  i ended up smoking a few bowls (i never smoke) and going to mcdonalds with a buddy.  apparently while i was on the way toMcDonalds i was convinced my parents were with us and i had to make sure they got out of the car. they live 3 hours away. after i ordered, i attempted to order a drink again. not once, but three times.  then after i
My coworker seduces her friend and they head off to the bedroom. an hour later my coworker wakes me up to leave. it was the guiltiest i've felt in years. all day i've been filled with regret wishing i wasn't so drunk and easily influenced. i fear at some point in a future relationship something like this will happen to me. if it does i have it coming.
i meant it as a joke, like, well, you're a dumb ass, but let's figure it out. apparently this was quite rude and not helpful to the conversation. i think it came across that i was immature and just an asshole. :-(so i will try to do better tomorrow.
The first time i did secret santa in reddit, so i didn't knew exactly what the deal was, and stupidly put my username in the cards of the gifts of my giftee. i mean, i screw the shit out of the  "secret " santa :(
i'm with my current girlfriend, and i love her very much, and very attracted to her in every way. while she was at work, i decided to check up on an ex-gf just to see how she was doing. this escalated into her sending me nudes and i didn't want them to stop. something about her body always drove me wild, but she had a shitty personality. i feel really guilty.
My parents got a flat tire on the way home from work ( they work together.) so since i was home alone i took advantage and played music loud, played video games and ate junk food. lastly i showered and did a little manscaping and then i had the brilliant idea of shaving my ass. don't ask why because i don't have a reason. and just a few minutes ago i meant to text my friend about it to get a laugh but my crushes contact was right under his and accident sent it to her. i'm wtfing about it too.
A new job and a week in to work sent to a training facility for two weeks. Car runs out of gas, gets ride from stranger, lose keys and make us both really late.  "i literally teared up and threw the gas on the ground "  "i end up paying $220 for a new key "
If you're having sex behind an elementary school in the middle of the day, make sure you have the right hole.actually, don't have sex behind elementary schools either. hello. that is all. That's all. If you are having sex near an elementary School, you are probably having sex with the wrong person. That is all that matters.
i've been skulking this subreddit for quite some time now, and i never thought that i would one day post something here, let alone a disgusting story. School is starting here while the rest of the world is about to start their summer vacations. What else was there for a college guy to do? Bring on the booze!
i wasn't full after my small dinner, so over the course of a few minutes i ate 15 or 20 fiber gummies (amounting to 7-10 servings) over the. course of 6 hours my stomach has painfully bloated and makes noises i've never heard before. my roommates have the joy of seeing me stand up and go to the bathroom over and over again. i decided it would be best to just stay in the fetal position in the bathroom, ready to jump onto the toilet as soon as the bubbling force reached its peak.
i bought a motorcycle a week or so ago. i havent had time to register the bike in my name and get tags, so ive been riding tag less but with my title, bill of sale, and the old registration in my backpack in a clear waterproof bag.  well today i went out riding with a buddy and while idiotically speeding at over 160mph my backpack came open because i hadnt apparently closed it all the way. this is at a spot that is frequented by streetracers and motorcyclist, sometimes the kind of people who like to boost a bike or two. to make it worse, im pretty sure at least one of those documents have information that gives
A friend and I were too drunk to drive home after a night of drinking. We decided to steal two traffic cones from a nearby street. We ran across a field at breakneck speed to avoid being spotted. The cones were stuck to a clothesline, and we had to run back to get them.
i keep a gallon of water next to my bed that i drink and refill daily. i just took a huge swig of it... not thinking about the fact i have been out of town for the last 3 days with it sitting there half-full and with non-moving air near it in temperatures around 85-95 degrees. mid-gulp i could taste and then see the cloudy film that was being ingested... and then i thought back to the violent bathroom experience i had the other morning.
i wasn't even finished with the tasks that my managers assigned to me when i started getting that feeling in my gut of impending doom....and i just ran out without explaining to anyone. the only thing that could possibly be the silver lining on this shitty grey cloud is the fact that i was able to make it home in time to get to the bathroom. i made a new account and everything for this post....i'm so embarrassed  but i had to let it out somehow.
Today i hung out with some friends, one of which was a newly acquainted (fairly attractive) fellow. everything was cool, we were having fun. then it hit me, the two large cups of bojangles sweet tea that is. and of course, being the classiest of ladies, i got up to take a massive shit. turns out, it was more massive than i thought. disregarding the copious amount of fecal matter, i flushed anyway. worst decision i have made in my life.
i am the head of set construction/ running crew for my school's technical theater club. right now we are building the set for chicago:the musical. we have these things called  "flys ", which are weighted ropes that control bars running across the ceiling of the stage which we use to hang things from. we had to take the screen off to use the bar for our proscenium, or border surrounding the stage. it took 2 grown men plus 4 high school students just to get it all the way to the ground.
i eat about half the bag and leave it on my nightstand to go meet some friends. i came home about 3 hours later and see that the bag of chocolate is empty and on the floor. i pick it up and throw it away, thinking my brother ate them. after that i decided to get some water, and what do i see on the kitchen floor? i see brown liquid covering the entire floor. it smelled like someone died in there. as i run away, i notice my dog panting and whimpering. that was when i realized i had poisoned my dog. with a half bag of semi-sweet chocolate at that.
 "i made too big of a deal out of it and i was not thinking right, wound up saying the wrong thing in the wrong place "  "it didn't wind up being too fun following that discussion, but all is well now "  " dont ever talk about an ex with your current lady friend while naked in the shower together "
i'm a 6' tall 250lbs college senior. i went to go take a shower when i woke up. after i turned on the water, i noticed that the tub was extra slippery due to a bottle of shampoo conditioner that fell. i tried to  "scrub " the conditioner off of the tub with my feet. i began to slip, and i struggled to catch myself for about 2 seconds. next thing i know, my feet completely slipped from under me, my arms flailed, and my 250lbs body was falling. i landed on my ass with all my weight and created an alarmingly loud thud that probably woke up my neighbors. i stood up and realized that
i'm a high school english teacher and i'm in the middle of teaching the trial scene from tkamb when the zipper on my pants just splits open. luckily, i'm holding my book so i make my way to my desk and grab a folder and tell my students that i forgot to deliver a very important message and ill be back shortly. i run to the room next door, tell the teacher what happened, she laughs at me but agrees to cover my class. i go to the nurse's office to get some safety pins to fix my pants. i pushed the pin too hard and it went through my pants, through my underwear, and into the right side of the head of my
i'm enjoying a good ol' italian beef my mom cooked up, and being me, i like jalapenos and giardiniera and shit on my beef. fast forward 10 minutes: i finish my fantastic meal of deliciousness when i get a nose itch. i decide to wipe my hands on my jeans and give it a quick deep scratch, as i was in my room and no one was watching. now, this shit stung like a motherfucker. it felt as if the devil decided to go to town on my nose without buying it dinner first. i blew my nose practically 20 times to try to get the fiery demon out of my naval cavity, but to
 "i was practically standing in a pool of blood when i looked down and saw the blood "  "i'm an awkward fucking penguin and have never kissed anyone, "  "i bury my face in her chest as she said,  "what, not kissing me? " and i'm just like,  " i'm scared, " giggling in the night, "  "no regrets, " and then it just happened "
i don't know what i was thinking. we live in separate states right now. she asks me if i want to date while i'm over here, and i say no. then she goes on to say that if i wanted to do it, she'd rather i do it now, while we're apart. so, like the dumbass i am, i say ok, let's have an open relationship, but i'm coming home to you.
 "i don't know why i did it, but i let out an  "i love you " i don't want to lose her over this " she replied.  "i'm sorry. i didn't mean to offend you "  "i don u2019t know why I did it. i just wanted to make a point "
i'm italian, yet the whitest kid in my family. i discovered awhile back that i never sunburn, no matter what. i also don't tan very easily either. i would go with friends to outside festivals or concerts without sunscreen on, and by the end my friends would be all burnt and i'd be completely fine. i did this for about 2 years, that is until i was diagnosed with lupus. luckily it's not the deadly kind, and it's only present on parts of my skin (not systemic). however, i'm basically allergic to the sun. for the past 2 years i've essentially been making my body destroy & repair itself repeatedly. i was
i am 5'2 ". a lot of standard household activities involve standing on my tip toes, or at least getting a chair. i have always wished i was taller, but guys always tell me they prefer short over tall, so we'll go with that.now imagine little old me, just innocently making dinner for myself in the kitchen, dancing to some classic tunes in my socks.
i first noticed it yesterday. it was about mid-shaft and had a white head. naturally my first instinct was to pop it like any other pimple. bad idea. the white did not come out and the redness only got worse. i ended up squeezing it to try and get all the gross stuff out of there, but that only made it worse. it started bleeding a lot. i am now lying on the floor of my room, my dick still stinging, and praying to every single deity that this will not cause permanent damage. i don't think i'll be masturbating anytime soon.
i'm a junior. this girl and i are getting close to making out at a school competition. so i hint that i'd like to, and eventually we get to that point. she tells me then that she doesnt want to make out because someone at her school today got in trouble for it. i then combine two different sentences in my head and tell her that maybe she doesnt have a choice. turns out she was a freshman.
i'm the family member people don't know exist; i moved away after graduation and only come home for dire situations. i'm 25 years' old and my parent's still frown upon swearing in front of them. we're all talking and my step-dad says, he's surprised i didn't add salt to my sam adams' the other night at dinner. naturally, as with any inappropriate joke, i ran with it.
In istanbul, the meter is always the same no matter what company the car is from. This guy's meter must have been something like 7 lev per kilometer. Then he tries to tell me the meter (which rose to 36) is the price is in euro and i need to pay 70 lev. when i told him i wouldn't pay it, he started freaking out and saying  "don't go police! " so i ended up paying 40 lev for a ride that should've been less than 10 lev.
This is the kind of stuff that makes people not like me. i woke up late then went downstairs and i noticed one of my cousins was outside smoking, i said hi, wished him a merry x-mas and hugged him; then i asked him  "where is your wife ", he looked at me funny and said  "...what? " then i raised my voice a little and said  "(wife's name), where is she? ", after a brief silence he said  "she is home with the kids "
i'm on vacation in florida and i'm staying in my uncles apartment which coincidentally is right next to a nursing home. i had connected to the wrong bluetooth and had blasted  "3 way " on the overhead speaker of a nursinghome, with about 20-30 seniors. glad i'm leaving florIDA today.
i'm a truck driver. not the big eighteen wheelers you see but nonetheless a rather large delivery truck. i have a set route every day with little to no variation and being someone with bowels designed by satan himself, i kept track of where the cleanest, nicest bathrooms are on my route. last night, i ate a hot italian sub from a local pizza place complete with hot peppers, onions, oil and vinegar. the shizzlin' drits were coming and i needed some sweet, sweet relief.
i should really know better, i am usually the  "computer person " of the family. i blame very early morning, i must still be sleepy.... but, really, there is absolutely no excuse, i ***should*** know better.oh well, at least it was only ~20 u00a3 and i paid by paypal so when my order very likely doesn't turn up i can get my money back.
My friend was having a lan party, which for those of you don't know is a bunch of friends hanging out, except they all bringing gaming consoles and play on the same internet. We had just eaten dinner, and some of us needed to go to the restroom. i wads the first, and naturally, i wanted to leave a little surprise in there for the next occupant.
i didn't shit myself, but my stomach felt incredibly bad and i got the hershey u00ae squirts u2122. i still feel a little on edge, but i didn't go to the bathroom. and i still don't know what to do with myself. i'm still not sure what's going to happen next.
i got in the right car and drove away without thinking about them. to the person who found that abomination of rusty metal in their trunk: uhhhh... i can explain. i acquired the keys, but the attendant wanted me to bring the bucket back. out came a dusty, rusty, dirty pile of old keys and a rusty kitchen knife.
i broke up with her. i'm a total idiot. she was fucking hot. also, i told her i loved her after. fml. sooooo my girlfriend couldn't meet up with me. i freaked out. i broke up. with her and she was hot. oh. my. God.
i had a date last night, it went swimmingly, even though my stomach hurt. After lunch on my way back to work, i try to relieve some of the pressure by taking a much needed fart. instead of relief i realized in horror that a solid glop of liquid shit had come out. i run upstairs, barge in on my roomate, run into the bathroom, and promptly step in dog piss. almost the entire back of my pants was tinged brown green.
i was bored so i went on omegle and added  "sexchat " as an interest of mine. on my first spin, i wound up with a girl, who we will refer to as her/she. i offered her a tits for dick trade after finding out we are around same age. she accepted. we chatted for a while afterwards and we decided that was fun, but we wanted more. so we each created a fake facebook account so we could video chat via facebook. she is an  "untouched " virgin and wanted to keep it that way, so i just asked her to take the underwear off and that's it. she then asks,  "can i put my
My boyfriend of over a year and a half was always kinda secretive about his phone, this always bothered me a little, so while he was in the shower i got curious and decided to look at his texts. that was a mistake. turns out he's been cheating on me. after like 2 hours of sobbing like a baby i told him i was willing to stay with him and work through it. his response?  "you really should break up with me "
The love of my life isn't sure she wants to be in a relationship anymore. She's uncomfortable after hearing family moving about upstairs, which my hour-engorged guy-brain isn't happy about. 8am in the morning for ya. just made her breakfast in bed.
i just got the implusive feeling to get boozed at the most eventful time of the day just for the fun. i wasn't expecting to get so badly hammered so i went to physical education for my last class. so i had to play football and ran around like a retard in narnia. the teacher noticed that i wasnt okay so she told me to go to the nurse and i got busted.
i've eaten too much dominos lately and vowed to not eat it again, as it makes me sick to my stomach afterwards. i drive over to pizza hut (2 doors down from dominos) and go in and ask for my order. turns out they haven't gotten an order in the last hour. i tell them i was on the phone with an employee no more than 20 mins ago, they check and ask me to call the number i dialed. now the bitch says  "thank you for choosing dominos "
i was sitting with two other guys in my friend's bedroom.  someone's keys were sitting on the dresser.  i noticed a fairly large purple key chain, so i grabbed the keys out of his hands. He told me it was pepper spray.  so of course i press down on it as hard as i could, and a small puff of mist spurts out into the air.
The back of this particular blow dryer has a metal mesh-like cap over an insane metal fan. This fan goes ridiculously fast and it's really powerful. My hair got sucked into that fan and got grossly stretched out. It ripped a **huge** chunk of hair out and left countless chunks broken and split.
i mentioned how i wanted to kill myself to a friend, and he told my parents. next thing i know, i'm in therapy. i've learned that the next time i'm thinking about killing myself, i wont tell anyone! " i laughed. i have another appointment next week.
 "i got a little tired, i proceed to inform my friend (whose house i was staying at) that i was going to go back to his and get some sleep "  "the next thing i know, i've been woken up by a punch to the face and then get ejected from the house "  "i apologise if the person i did this to reads this, i hope not to repeat it "
My fianc u00e9  u201cgou u2019 and i are going through some problems. gou was recently diagnosed with borderline personality disorder (bpd) After a yearlong separation, we slowly started to chisel away at these profound problems. We u2019re at a point now where we may pick up where we left off.
i was hungover and tired and about to work a 7 hour shift. in my infinite wisdom i thought it would be a good idea to go for a long bike ride in 87 degree weather. after an hour of riding and feeling like shit i came home in very bad mood. i store my bike in my basement, which has this very annoying door that sticks and is hard to open. i turn the handle of the door but its stuck, so i pound on it again and again. on my final swing i miss the wooden edge and put my hand straight through the glass, i then proceed to scream like a little bitch as blood begins spraying everywhere. call 911, go to hospital. all
i was riding the bus home from school and the disabled seats were the only ones free. i thought i'd just sit there until a person in need needs it. next stop a lovely old lady gets on the bus, i stand up to give her the seat and the bus driver accelerates a little bit. old lady fall neck first onto my arm. she said she was alright but i feel terrible about the whole thing.
i washed my hands, like, ten times! everything should be fine! " nope! as soon as i stood up, fiery pain swept through my lady garden. i looked at my boyfriend and said,  "i feel like gob " and told him the whole sordid affair. he googled and told me that milk would help extinguish the burning. so i grabbed the rest of the half gallon we had in the fridge, ran to the bathroom and poured ice cold milk on my angry vagina. nothing could have felt worse.
i am 16, and my little sister is 7. She was bored and wanted to go hang out at her friend's house down the street. Her friend insisted on showing me his new go kart. i was skeptical at first because she's never driven anything like this. But then i thought, * "it has four wheels. it's not like she's gonna flip it or anything "
i am 22 years old but have old-fashioned parents. my boyfriend was visiting for this past weekend but was not allowed to stay in my room despite me living away for the past five years. we were actually just laying in bed redditing but my dog was barking ferociously downstairs so i made the executive decision to close the door to my room. my mom comes upstairs and sees my bedroom door closed... immediately assumed we're having sex... immediate bitch session.
 "My dick had been hurting if it rubbed on anything and i forgot about this as i went to bed early. so i get in the mood and start teasing one off thinking this is a bit painful but what ever i was in the Mood didn't want to stop. comes to the messy part after i finish look down and dick is bleeding a little and painful if touched "
Last night i had the worst diarrhea of my life. i couldnt walk back to campus, i wouldnt make it because i was a 15 minute walk away from my building. i had to go into the woods in a place no one went. my boxers somehow got covered in diarrhea so i put those and the piece of paper in a plastic bag i found. i hop in the shower before i do anything else and clean the filth off of me. on top of all of this, i look high as hell and i have a meeting to go to in an hour. certainly much more adventure than i was expecting.
My girlfriend had her friend over studying for an exam they are both taking. She ends up staying the night because she missed her last train home and sleeps on our couch. My girlfriend and i are both drunk and having sex in our bedroom when we realize that the bedroom door was open and that she could probably hear us. i convinced my girlfriend that we should ask her to join us.
A cronut is a doughnut made with croissant dough and layering, but retro fitted to have doughnut-like qualities, filling, glazzing, fried, etc. They had  "plain " which i take to means it will kill you from what's in side it, while the other two, creme brule and lemon merangue, would kill you both inside and outside.
Carol says she'll be out next week, that she was taking a trip back home to idaho.  "hey, sounds fun, have a great time, " i say.  "i was out there for my parents' funeral... so.... "smooth as butter, baby.
My 4 year old son was climbing on the railing of our balcony. The dog's foot got caught in the chair... he's four nothing made sense. After spending all night at the after hours vet and receiving an estimate for $5k, i now have a dog with a broken leg that i can't afford to fix. and i need to find a new sitter.
My girlfriend and i went out for happy hour and started drinking rather early to celebrate my cake day. later in the evening after we were good and toasty we taxied back to the house. in the cab she whispered in my ear that she had something special for me when we got home. next thing i know she starts doing a strip tease, prancing around the living room looking sexy as hell.
i'm from australia and anybody who lives in aus will tell you how bad the wind is in august. so here i am welding away wind blowing at me trying to weld, unfortunately the wind opened up a slight gap in my sleeve. as the day continued my arm copped more and more of the harsh uv rays from the welding arc, i now have severe ray burn, which is blistered and burns beyond belief.
The key to my door was inside my room, so naturally, i tried the usual ways to open a locked door. After a while i was desperate and frustrated, so i just started cutting through the door itself, getting wood splinters everywhere. after a good amount of cutting i managed to slide my hand through and unlock it. now i realize my eye is kinda burning and idk why. i clean up the wood and everything and go to flush my eye out (hope nothing got in my eyelid or something). flush out my eye and wipe my face with a towel. boom, nose starts bleeding. i hope i can change the door without my landlord finding out or getting pissed.
One of my friends who i'm going to call brett (by request) asked if i wanted to hang out and get some ice cream. this was the first time we were meeting in person; i had played dota with him, and we had mutual friends, but we had never spent any time in person together. i was kind of excited/ nervous because i'm not very social and i don't make friends easily. we decide to sit in the back because the front of his car really has no room or anything. we were just sitting there, talking, getting to know each other, eating some ice Cream, when we see car lights flash by us. it's the cops.
 fml.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of New Zealand for next week. Visit our gallery for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Visit www.dailymail.co.uk/Travel next Wednesday for a gallery of images from New Zealand.
 "i am by no means a social person and i was going to be bored as hell at this party. i participated in every tradition i was supposed to play a part in, but after sitting alone on a couch for an hour or so, i figured enough was enough and i decided to head home "  "So now, not only had i acted like an asshole to my sister by leaving one of the biggest days of her life without even telling her, but i also embarrassed her and myself when she decided to make it known to everyone how *supposedly* great i was "
My dad asked what this reddit thing was about, so he asked if he could look at it on my computer (his recently broke), my mom decided to join in too. let's just say my mom didn't approve of the new meme trend. my dad asked to look at the reddit thing so he could see what it was all about.
It's not the guide that you might want, but it's definitely the guide you need.  It's a guide to the best places in the world to get a good night's sleep.
15-year-old got 16 stitches after sword fell out of scabbard and he tried to catch it. The sword was sharp enough to shave with and probably to cut of a ponytail with.  "i was in immediate shock of course. i tried blinking  a couple times but it wouldn't go away "
i keep a glue stick in my drawer in the same compartment that i keep my chap stick (you all know where this is headed)... so i am on the phone with a supplier and realize my lips are kind of dry. ok cool, i'll just grab the chap stick out of the drawer while i am looking over the paperwork being discussed. without looking (stupid, stupid, stupid) i begin to apply this  "chap stick " and rub my lips together... wondering why it is more difficult to rub in than normal. annnnnnd that's when i thought it would be a genius idea to lick my lips. yup. mid conversation i realize how retarded i am and
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots. Visit.
edit: to clarify the poweraid had been *opened* for two weeks. The fact that it tasted funny should of hinted at something to me prior. excuse me for this being short, but i an typing this on my nook cyanogenmod tablet while i continue to shit out my insides as i have been doing for the last near hour.
 "i smell the horrible stench and quickly leave it "  "i shout how terrible the smell is and how the person who used the toilet should really overthink their diet "  "I can't apologize to her because that would be as awkward as it gets so all i can do is ignore this faux pas until no one remembers "
i thought i'd treat myself to a nice wank with the aid of some moisturiser. my first port of call was my balls, i like getting those two rascals involved when i masturbate, but my god was this a mistake. the head of my penis was on fire, all of those fragile nerve endings were being stimulated in a way that was novel to me and so ferociously painful.
i saw an old friend at walmart and we were bullshitting and catching up. he mumbled that his fiance' left him, but i couldn't quite hear him so i said  "what " and he repeated himself. after the last time of him repeating himself, he said it loudly that his girlfriend had left him. i just said  "oh my god, i'm sorry " and kind of had to walk away. i felt like an asshole.
i laughed...bit she did not find it all funny...i was mindless after such pleasure...not my fault! i laughed... bit she did Not find it at all funny....i was unaware of her reaction. i laughed. bit she didn't find it a all funny. i was mindless. after such Pleasure...notMy fault!
i didn't try hard enough for an application. took my five years to decide what i wanted to study in college, but now i still can't study this topic. won't be able to train in what i want to work in; there isn't really a  "normal " major that will help me get there. this was a once in a lifetime opportunity. i got scared, didn't work hard enough; and i lost my only shot, which i've been working towards for years.
My friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme. by getting egypt. tifu. my friends willNeverLetThisDown and it's turned into a le meme by getting. egypt tIFu by getting Egypt. Tifu byGettingEgypt.
i've been going to the downtown fargo ymca for exercise because i'm trying to lose weight. until today i only did cardio, mainly the elliptical machine. today i decided to start lifting some weights and i heeded the warning to start light so i didn't end up hurting myself. i felt wonderful after my workout. then at the end of my work shift the agony started. my biceps, triceps, and thigh adductors have been so sore i feel like i want to puke. i am fucking miserable right now, and have no clue how to do my strength training right.
i was on holiday in florida and one morning woke up with a bad stomach upset. did my business, flushed the toilet only for it to overflow on me- yuck! i have never had a toilet do that to me before! so i went to use my parent's bathroom, only to block that one too, luckily sans overflowing. only i could manage a feat like that within 30 mins!
i didn't full on give him red wings or anything, but i feel gross because his face was all up in my snatch while i was bleeding a little. well, it wasn't happening today so my husband was going down on me. after i finished, he looked down and said  "umm, we need to change the sheets "
i bought an extra pepper spray for myself to carry on my keychain just in case somebody tries to mug me at knifepoint or something. today, the safety got deactiated somehow and it deployed in my pocket during class. pretty sure the entire canister emptied all over my leg before i noticed the slight burning feeling. suddenly my balls were being incinerated.
Two girls that i talk to that are twins. i asked the sister to wish the girl i liked  "the happiest birthday possible " she said that she replied  "thank you ". and from there on out, the usual conversations that we had continued. everything seemed good until i told her that r. kelly lost his home in foreclosure. she never responded after that. it's been 9 hours since she hasn't responded, and the day is coming to an end.
i had a rum and coke in me and decided to have a bath to explore myself. After awhile i started feeling really hot, so i stood up in the tub. i continue happily on my feet for a few seconds and then suddenly dizziness hits me like a truck. i've passed out before and i had all the warning signs i was on the road to faints.
There were three sick people at work today. Now i'm feeling sick. Why can't sick people just stay at home? I'm sick of being sick. I want to go home. I don't want to work. I just want to sleep. I'm so sick.
Last night i was at work, and grabbed a can of coke. i have this weird habit of breaking the pop tab off of every can i drink. this time it fell into the can. i didn't really think anything of it and just continued drinking. until... gulp. i instinctively gulped at the feeling of something lodging its way into my esophagus. i tried to cough but nothing came out. i even cut the can open with a butter knife (which is not an easy task!)
The phone fell into the toilet while i was taking a piss. The toilet was still filled with my piss, so i grabbed it anyway. Me and my friend spent 10 minutes trying to find a hair dryer to dry it off. My screen received water damage as did many buttons, including the power button.
i am only 18 and my friends and i had plans to go to a house party last night however, those plans fell through. all of my friends were prepared to spend a night in bored until i said fuck that and planned a trip into ybor. we are all buzzed off of the beer we brought but it didn't last us very long so when the band finished up and left i decided to try my luck at the closest bar. it worked.
i was downloading something, and because the download needed 5+ hours to be completed, i decided that it would be a good idea to get some sleep. i put the laptop near the edge of my bed (yes stupid move, i know) and go to sleep on the other side. i am woken up by my grandmother's shouting and i immediately saw that i had kicked my mother's laptop off the edge, screen down. tifu indeed.
i was at my friends house even there since about 8pm and we just smoke out. Fast forward to about 4am and my friends brother and his boyfriend come home with a bunch of there girl friends. we end up drinking a bit and smoking even more. At about 5am we all end up getting ready to fall asleep and i'm in the room with all the girls. i'm laying down on the floor trying to fall sleep when my stomach starts to bubble. i fart like i've never farted before, very strung out loud and smelly one at that.
i'm on the club cross country team at michigan state university. this year, our national meet was at hershey, pa. given the 10 hour drive, we left friday morning and got back on sunday night. as the night progressed on, i of course, preceded to get more and more drunk. finally, at about 1:00 am, the anger starts to kick in. i get so mad that i decide to put on my jacket and some shoes, and go out for a run to simmer down. i took off running straight down the road. after a few miles, i realized how stupid it was to go running late at night, while drunk, in
Part of the phone's soft plastic case had torn. So me, always wanting to mcguyver everything, went and got the krazy glue and tried to glue the case together. As i'm squeezing the tube, nothing emerges from the nozzle. i wonder if perhaps the glue in the nozzle had dried. then i noticed drops falling from it. the glue had burst out the end of the tube and was now dripping all over!some had gotten on my finger, didn't get it glued to any other body parts but still was rough on the skin.
i was marching in a school band parade when i had a slight gurgle in my stomach. i ignored it and thought it was just gas. When we were done, i had to go to the bathroom. It was the longest 5 minute bus ride i've ever had. My dad picked me up and we laughed about it.
i was sharing originally it with my /b/tard friend who thought it was hilarious. the link contained a thread of wincest pictures with the 'diabeetus' guy's face photoshopped on nearly all of them. i was sharing it with a friend who was also a bit of a tard.
This morning was really hot, but i decided to go for a run anyway, since i have a triathlon coming up in a week. got to around the 4km mark and started to feel really dizzy and sick in the stomach, then i realised. shit! i didnt bring water! to make matters worse, i was on a highway road, without any water taps in sight, so i had to walk about a kilometre to my house.
well i fell asleep and swallowed them. my mouth hurts and my stomach has been hurting all day. i came home late (read that as drunk) from the bar and realized i forgot to whiten my teeth. so i put them in and laid down to watch wayne's world.
i applied it to my whole body, being a hairy human and all, but i think i kept it on past the required time. the fucking hair did not come off, even after scrubbing with my towel. unfortunately, some of it seeped into my crack, and it wasn't long before the itchy burning spread all over. as i was finishing up my arms, i knocked both knuckles, the ones located on your wrists. it took about twenty minutes to get them to both stop bleeding.
i was jarring up bulk spices and managed to end up with the tags off half of them. a quick sniff-check made it very clear which one was the pure chipotle powder. of course i completely overdid it and basically bumped hot pepper, temporarily blinding and choking myself and leaving me with zesty southwestern sinuses for the rest of the night.
On the notes app on my iphone i've been slowly adding little  "i've always wanted to try that " sort of things to what would become a very extensive list spanning many different genres of wants over the course of almost a year and a half. Today was a particularly boring and uneventful day so i thought about my list, if there were anything i had discovered recently that i wished to add to it,  "no...not really " my mind brain answered. okay so... maybe i'll clean it up a bit, delete things i've achieved and prioritise the things on the list to how urgently wanted them fulfilled. so i was high lighting things and pasting them up
i was approached one afternoon by a family friend who was arranging a funeral for a veteran who had died. He told me they needed a trumpet player to play taps during the burial, it would only take about twenty minutes, and it would pay $20. i get there early, warm up, tune my trumpet, and stand a little ways off in the distance. the family and minister arrive, followed closely by the men performing the salute. the minister finishes his eulogy and the riflemen fire their shots. i play taps and don't notice that everyone by the plot looks slightly uncomfortable afterwards.
 "i was trying to think of something witty or funny to say, and the best i could come up with was asking,  "hey, can we take an awkward prom-style photo together? " he gives me a puzzled look and says,  "uhh, what's that? " i go on to say  "just stand back here and half embrace me from behind and look as awkward as you possibly can " his response:  " Uhh...that's kind of weird. no. "
i decided to do some of those poses because jojo makes them seem so cool. well my mom walks in and thinks i was doing something really gay. had a tough time explaining to her what the show was about and why they do those poses for no reason. it was pretty awkward for me.
i watched 3 minutes of it.. why did i even consider it.. my eyes how can a human be so retarded. i watched 3 mins of it... why did I even consider doing it? i watched it because i wanted to see what it was like. i want to know what it is like to be a retarded human.
The mane. shit mane is a thing of the past. It's time to get rid of it. The mane mane needs to get off his back. He's not a man. He needs to be put on a leash. He can't run away from it.
One week into being in the states i'm walking through target holding a basket by the holes on the side rather than the handle. Eventually i get my pointer and ring finger out but my middle finger is still stuck. At this point my finger is starting to turn blue and fat from constantly struggling to get out. The fire department arrives and they have to use medical scissors to cut all the rings around my finger.
i'm standing at the stove, frying up some salmon for breakfast cuz why the hell not. i go to flip it, when i suddenly feel something crunch under my foot causing me to jump ever so slightly, dropping the salmon. splashed very hot olive oil on my hand, leaving a very painful burn.
A video on /r/gifs shows a man running his hand through a swarm of bees. The bees are docile and don't seem to pose a real threat to the man. The man says he tried the same thing with his wife and it worked. He says it's all about body language.
i'm a broke college kid that absolutely loves hockey. well i receive a phone call from one of my best friends back home saying that he has free box seats at our nhl teams game. of course i'm going to go, free food? especially to a kid in college, that is a seller. to this day i still feel like a douche and i really want to find a way to apologize to her.
i'm a computer science student, and thursdays i only have computer science and philosophy. i went to computer science (we're learning java), which gets out at 12:00. since i had around 5 1/2 hours to kill until philosophy (i didn't realize it was a midterm, i thought it was next week and didn't check my syllabus like a fucking idiot), i figured i'd sleep until then. nope... i slept right through it. i've emailed my professor, he seems like the kind of person who will be willing to work around this, so hopefully he'll be understanding. still, fml... i already have enough shit going bad, adding
i was sitting at a desk with my legs up on it. i put the bowl on my lap and it immediately fell on the floor. to make matters worse i managed to smack my balls pretty soundly as i tried to stop the coming disaster. i was watching the office and i was planning on eating there aswell. my mother brought me some food in a bowl which i promptly put on his lap.
i have to leave for work in a minute. with peppermint bar soap. it burns and i'm tearing up. i have to go to work. with Peppermint Bar soap. It burns and I'm tear up. I have to gone to work in one minute.
My girlfriend is practicing for tryouts to get into a college music program. She has been stalked by a guy for several years now, which will come into play soon. For some odd reason, i was not in the right mind, and decided to do something i'll be resenting for the next infinity. i screencapped a picture of her stalkers facebook, and made a fake facebook post around coming to see her performance day next week.
i don't know if she remembers it (i think she does) as it was happening, i was uncomfortable, but i kinda froze up. i keep thinking about how my friend would react and i think he would be livid, but it doesn't seem like it was that big a deal in the moment.  i need more perspective, lay it on me friends. wutdo?
The only break i had was to fap. i have two big tests tomorrow, and quiz. and yet i can't cocnetrate and keep coming here.  u00a0the only break u00a0i u00a0had u00a0was to u00a0fap u00a0and yet i u00a0can't u00a0cocnetrate u00a0and keep coming u00a0here.
i'm currently having awesome sex with this guy who i know is not serious about me at all. i know he's a man whore and i went to a party where i knew he would be. i willingly put myself into an awful situation in the silly hopes that he'd be respectful of me.sure enough, he didn't acknowledge me when i arrived (to be fair he was playing video games) and then as soon as his turn was over he started hitting on a girl i was talking to at the time. i then proceeded to get incredibly drunk, throw up three times, and now i don't even know where my earrings are.
My girlfriend wanted to come over after our plans to go to her house had failed. My cousin, who has been staying with us for the past 3 months, is also home in the living room. We decided to sneak upstairs and get it in, no sex though because we had heard a rustle downstairs.
 saved up for 2 months to buy a new phone. found an iphone on craigslist, and bought it without switching providers on the spot. big mistake... the guy didn't take his account info off the phone. he owes over $500 to sprint, so they refuse to take him off the call without him paying his bill. i planned to email him, threatening to call china and leave the call going overnight, but now sprint won't allow calls until the bill is paid.
i lost my phone on roller coaster skyrush at hershey park. i had to get a new ssn, cancel my credit and debit cards, and get a a new drivers license, now i have to get my phone back. was actually last night but i group of friends and i went to her shey park last night and we road all the rides without indecent well we decide to ride the roller coaster Skyrush again about 930-10 so it was dark. well we get up to get on and i take my phone out of my pocket because i didnt want to risk it falling out during the ride and think to myself i'll be ok to let my wallet
i was having a few beers with my husband, and the night was calming down. he went to bed, and i went to get up from the couch and fell flat on my face. split my lip open, and almost knocked out one of my front teeth. also smashed the fuck out of my knee while i was trying to stop my face smashing into the floor. i'm ok, but i've been sitting with ice on my lip for an hour now, and it hurts to drink my beer or vape.
The couple are going to visit his parents to talk about getting engaged. He's been scolded before by his father for walking out with a hickey i've left on him. It truly is a love-bite to behold. It's just that we're traveling up the coast tomorrow.
i didn't even know this type of shot existed! so the waiter comes back with the shots and three cocktail glasses full of whipped cream. hidden in the whipped cream was a shot glass with coffee liquor in it. just like a blow job shot, the point is to get the shot without using your hands. i had to spend the rest of my night with a napkin on my face because the cut wouldn't clot.
i was selling 2 different things. one was arranged at an office max. the other at my house. the person arranged at office max didn't contact me for days and i thought he didn't want the thing anymore. today morning, i got a text asking to meet up, specifically with the thing he's buying in the text. i somehow skipped that part and thought it was the guy arranged at his house. i said sure and waited for him for an hour while he drove all over the county.
18-year-old was asked out on a date by a friend of a friend. The girl was an 8/10 and he was maybe a 4/10 in good lighting. He asked her for her number but she didn't give it to him. He ended up asking her out himself.
i've never gotten in major trouble in school so of course i freaked the fuck out. turned out my friends sexted some girl from my phone. we knew each other's name, face, number, and nothing else. i apologized and told him it wasn't me but i think he didn't believe. pretty sure the girl will never talk to me again.
So i took a walk knowing fully that i had to go to the washroom. thinking that i could go for a quick jaunt around the block before anything happened i took off. needless to say i fucked up my walk and my underwear. so i took the opportunity to post this.
My boyfriend and i spend most nights at his place. Today he came straight to my place after work and neither of us could really be bothered driving anymore. We just decided to hang out in my bedroom and re-watch some got. After an episode or two, we started making out a little, which quickly lead to the removal of clothing. a little while later we were getting pretty into it. we kept quiet of course, but it wasn't the softest sex we've ever had. all of a sudden, my dad knocked on the door.
i was watching game of thrones under my desk when i had to step away for a moment. it was the episode where ros and her fellow whore at the brothel are banging each other with lord weasel baelish watching on like a creep. oh, and it was my father that caught what i was watching. did i mention that he is a conservative asian? he asked why i was watch an x-rated lesbian porn at work.
Hormones were raging, and me and my boyfriend were looking for a place to get sexy. We wandered about 10 yards off the trail, then things started getting hot and sweaty. i start getting licked by not one, but two dogs. i hear an old women shriek, and realize  "oh cool, this trail is more well traveled than we thought " as i make eye contact with an elderly man and woman innocently out waling their dogs.
My kid was running around with a knife, while i was cooking. apparently he was 'playfighting' his words not mine. he ran with the knife straight into my leg and embedded half of it in. then because i "m retarded, and for some reason my brain tells me the logical thing to do is chisel it out with another knife. now im stuck here on my phone waiting for emergency services with 2 knives in my leg. i had a shit day.
i was on skype talking to my boyfriend and decided to flash him really quick... but he wanted more. so i, willing to please him, spread my legs so he could have a nice view of my ass. right there and then, my mother walked in. she just stared at me and my whole body started to shake. she gave me a hard look. she won't talk to me. god, i'm so embarrassed.
i made hotdogs on stovetop.  "hmm what should i add to them while cooking to make more tasty? " grabbed hot sauce bottle out of fridge.  "theres always a cap on this so no worries, i should just shake it up because of habit with ketchup " turns out cap had been broken off and the first up motion of my shake squirts hot sauce right into my eyes. primarily doused my right eye but it got both pretty good.
 "i feared that i decapitated jr. now i'm scared to get an erection it's gonna hurt like hell "  "i went insideto assess the damage and to my surprise my dick was bleeding.  luckily it is still attatched i feared that I decapitated Jr "
My desk is right next to the teachers podium and her macbook was on top of it. so i went to move my desk to get into a group and my desk must have caught the wire for the charger or to the projector. so there i am moving my desk and boom her mac book hits the tile floor and breaks the screen. On top of that it doesnt function at all. tifu!
i figured an official exception could be made for thursdays. i'm mostly joking about being a stickler for rules, as some pointed out there really aren't any rules, i'm just referring to the name of the subreddit. i really won't care if you don't participate, i just love pulling together for fun times.
i woke up with a sharp pain in my neck. i thought i had broken my neck but it was just my cat biting my toes. i could not move for 20 minutes so i called a taxi and went to hospital. i was given paracetamol and told to take it easy for a few days.
i work at the writing center at my school as a tutor, and my friend is a student assistant. she came to get a stack of papers that i was going to shred off my desk. as i handed them to her, without thinking i said,  "here you go, slaaaave. "  i'm white. she's black. white guilt, activate!
i had just started driving a stick shift and pretty pro after only a few months. driving back home around 3 am and have to piss. forgot to put the e brake on or leave it in gear and car starts slowly rolling back. i start running after it like a gimp, trying to stop it with my imaginary bionic strength. all whilst my pants and undies are still around my knees.
i have a midterm today. a little over a month ago we adopted a cat from the shelter who had previously had ear mites. they were cleared up with revolution, and the vet said to clean out we ears and the gross bits inside with q tips to make sure they weren't coming back. so here i am in my bathroom trying to cleanout my cat's ears (which is hard enough) then she does the violent-cat-head-shake. rushed to the doctor by my house.  doctor:  "that's the worst story i've heard all day "
i went to a party last night. drank way too much. while fucking a girl in the back seat of my car i passed out. woke up at 6am with everything but my pants, boxers, and phone. a homeless person helped me find my boxers and pants under a car near by and found my phone with a shattered screen in the gutter. no idea how anything got where it did.
It's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. It's time to post a new video. This time, it's about a video of a man who has been in a car accident. The video is about a car that has been involved in an accident. Click here to watch it.
My wife forgot to give me the key to her car. I had to take a cab to get it back. I'm still trying to figure out how to get the key back to the car. It's a long way from the car to the door. I'll try to get back to you tomorrow.
i should start off by saying this cat, like most cats, is bipolar. i was petting her when she latched onto my friggin' wrist and proceeded to bite and scratch the living (insert expletive here) out of me. my first reflex was, naturally, to get her the hail off. so i punched her into the ceiling (smoothe move) thankfully the little demon wasn't hurt and was showered in treats.
My current bf is the first guy i've had any sexual experience with, he however is not new to the act so i tend to feel obligated to go all out, be a bit aggressive and playful, talk dirty, the works. so today we were on round 2 and i was being extra rough like he likes, nails in his back, pulling his hair, i was on top and i got a little too into it and mid-thrust tried to quickly change my position of my arms, since i was distracted by the current  "ooh la la " feelings i neglected to see that he had moved his head to the side of where he had it moments before. his mouth was
i am a virgin and had never done anything before except make out. there is the best looking guy in schoool, who i had been seeing, and texting. he invited me over to his house wednesday (second date) and we kissed, made out, he left a huge hickie on my boobs...and i gave him a blowjob. he kissed me goodbye and hugged me..but...what was i doing?? i dont regret it, but...part of me wishes i hadnt done that. he isnt my boyfriend, what on earth was i thinking??
A couple years ago my friends and i did a little experiment with the spike powder and a monster thermos. i poured 4 spikes into the monster and chugged down the whole thing while my friends were videotaping. i passed out but then i woke up in about 30 minutes. i didn't notice but my friends drew dicks all over my face and wrote pussy across the top of my forehead and went home with it still on my face.
A friend of mine was drunk and wheezing, telling me they were having and asthma attack. They sent me a series of videos of them being drunk, and text reading (perhaps sarcastically) that they were dying. So i called the pd, said  "this is not an emergency " and gave them an address and asked them  "if they could go check on my friend " The operator said they would send someone out to go take a look. A half hour later, my friend called to say they had been shaken awake by four police officers or the fire department or some shit.
 "i join in and we have a good convo, pretty girl seems interested in what i have to say "  "i retry to ignite it by telling pretty girl a joke, and then i start laughing and snot gushes out my nose and all over my face "  "pretty girl smirks and ignores me the rest of the shift "
About a year and a half ago, i got an asus transformer tf300t tablet as a gift. i've used it a bunch since i've had it. it's one of my favorite things that i have. unfortunately, i had tried to root it (give myself every permission) months ago, and rooting it means i have to update it manually.
This morning i woke up and i was feeling pretty horny, so i started jerking off while i waited for my brother to get out of the shower. my mom yelled at me to get up before i finished. so, i decided to just finish in the shower and let the water clean me up. i finally blew my load, but i started feeling faint. i grabbed on to the shower door, and next thing i knew, i was laying on the floor of the showers and my parents were bursting into the bathroom.turns out i had fainted and bashed my head on the faucet and broke the knob off. miraculously i only had a small scrape on my head
 "i'm a pretty awkward person in these types of situations... so i just nervously laugh, which i think he took as a thumbs up - kind of thing " so he keeps on with it. i move on to a different gym activity, but he just kind of watched me for the remainder of my work out. maybe i'm overreacting but i felt pretty uncomfortable. and i really like my gym.
basically. christmas party, costume contest. made my own dress (i was a candy cane), and just as they're doing the cheer/voting for each of us individually. yep. that's my nipple. in front of about five photographers and all of my coworkers. and i didn't even win.
i accidentally left some crayons at the bottom of one of the pockets of my apron. to my horror, when i pulled the load of clothes out, i saw that the crayon had slipped out of the apron and melted from the heat of the dryer. all over everyone's clothes.
So i'm currently in teacher's college and i'm on my last placement block. My printer at home died so i gmail'd myself my lesson plan, and intended to print it at school in the morning when i got there. The first few inbox replies had subject lines such as:  "my wet, naked body just for you ",  "what you'll cum home to ", and  "just a little something to get you through your long shift "
i work in publishing. i carefully made a package and decided to use a web-based translator to write the message,  "delicate, do not bend " in arabic. i called them up the this afternoon to ensure the package arrived safely and they confirmed its' receipt. however, they said that all couldn't stop laughing in the office because i'd marked the package with in large, bold capital letters with  "no translation found "
i feel so guilty and he wasn't even that great of a hook up. me, my bestfriends younger sister and the ex ended up in a caravan alone and in the end we had sex. pretty self explanatory title. last night (at mybestfriends party) her serious ex showed up, he had been her first love and she lost her virginity to him. although they had broken up they remained friends and the whole time i've known him i've gotten along with him super well.
Luke's sister usually texts my sister to let us know when they are coming over, and i get left out of the loop. recently luke has come to greeting me by opening my door and yelling  "quit looking at porn! ". now, he usually just scares the shit out of me, but hasn't caught me doing anything bad.
Borrowed a blazer from a friend for a date party at some bar. Gave the friend a condom to put in his jacket pocket. forgot he had it in his pocket when he went to pay for the drinks. Discovered the other pocket had a condom in it belonging to the person i borrowed it from.
i'm in high school taking a team sports class and i'll be the first to admit that i suck at sports. all semester i've been doing fairly well, participating, even scoring two goals once. the final 1-2 weeks of the semester is softball, my skills with a baseball and bat are bad to say the least. today was one of my worst sport experiences of my life. lesson learned, never play softball again.
i was cleaning until this morning at 7am an hour before my landlord said he was going to show up. i hadn't slept yet and i was literally running on zero sleep. so i figured i'd make a pot of coffee, stay up until the landlord came by, and then pass out as soon as he left. first bad idea was drinking 4 cups of coffee. then it hit me..hard. i ran upstairs as fast as i could pulled down my pants and began to take the loudest rankest shit that i have ever had in my entire life. i guess in between my farts and moans i didn't hear my landlord and maintenance guy come in.
My boyfriend is a junkie addicted to pain killers. He asked me to have sex with his best friend while he was at a friend's house. He told me how his friend thought i was so hot and how he could never get a girl like me. He had not had a girlfriend in over a year since his last breakup.
i went to the community pool with my so in hopes of learning how to swim. everything was going fine until my so tried to lift me up and get me to float on water. my swimsuit bottom (it was one of those tie on bikinis) chose that exact moment to come undone and i reacted by flailing around.
i left my car unlocked (despite out of habit always pressing that lock button on my key fob) and am extremely embarrassed with myself for forgetting to do this. i'm baffled that it only took one rainy day for my 160gb ipod (completely full), gps, charging cables and mount to all get taken out of my car in my drive way.  i went back inside my house to make sure i didn't randomly bring things inside and had forgotten about it. Nothing was in the house.
The whole thing starts out with me helping my friend move into his new apartment. we leave for a while to get stuff from his moms house who his grandma lives with, well she is like a mom so we were in her room talking to her. i hear his grandmas door open not even thinking i turn around to say hi and there his grandma is standing in the door way completely naked. i turned around to just say oooh myyy.
i was a sophomore in high school and i went to a school that had a real deal soccer team. After screaming obscenities at the players on the field for about 20 minutes, i decide its high time to make a run to the bathroom. Without thinking to have a friend join me in navigating the sea of people between the concession stand and myself, i just stumble carelessly through hordes of bodies, incoherent to the frustration of these people.
A student named  "charlie " is very vocal in class. He pulled out a green and black booger from his nose and rubbed it along his upper lip. He did this for the duration of the class.  "i knew college wasn't for me, " he said.
i apologize for the shitty paragraphs, spelling or sentence or paragraph structure.  im fucked up and typing this from an old cell phone. sorry so long beween postings. drama drama drama Drama. i should have left georgia when i could. i have been taking care of her since the news. i hate being here but cannot force myself to leave her in her time of need.
Someone spammed my facebook with 150+ instances of audio pornography from soundcloud. i then checked my email, and found a bunch of porn sites  "welcome! " emails, and i'm locked out of most other social networking sites. i'm fucked, because i can't actually get onto my facebook.
She supported my ass the last semester and even though she kicked me out, she helped me through it. she moved on with her ex-bf (they got back together), i still think about her from time to time. not sure if this was the right move.
After a long winter i finally decided to get my ass off the chair and exercise for a bit. i put on some old white yoga pants i have and went off. after walking for about a block or so, i start having the strange feeling everyone is staring at me. i decide to check if there is something on me or whatever and realize that my old pants have become almost transparent and everyone can clearly see my polka dotted panties. i had to make the run of shame back home, and still everyone just staring!
i have this chilli plant in my kitchen, and these bastards are hot. when ever i use them, i have to scrape the seeds out...unless i want nuclear food. i once chopped one up, didn't wash my hands properly, and later that evening i rubbed my eye. it straight up felt like my eye was melting.
i was making a right turn onto a major road. i was looking left to see the traffic, see and opening and start rolling. i hit the brakes, but it was already too late. by some magnificent stroke of god, the lady was perfectly fine, we were perfectly fine and my car was perfectlyfine.
In a discussion in /r/talesfromtechsupport i linked to [cutnessoverload] and australian kitten pictures, but i masked the urls with [shadyurl] when you hovered over the links it looked really scary. for some reason i thought posting scary urls to a subreddit full of it professionals was a good idea.they banned me.
bumpkin - a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture. i thought that bumpkin was a nice thing to say... until i looked up the definition later. she is pissed. don't be fooled by the cute nature of the word. stick with something lame like  "honey ".
i was mowing the grass at my house (note: i live on a lake with a large hill leading into it) i began like any other time by putting in my ipod. i finished the top half of the yard and was moving onto the hill oblivious to everything when suddenly my legs began to feel wet. i looked down(mower still running) and realized i had annihilated a big bullfrog. mortified, i then tried to hurry down the hill mowing when i slipped in the remains of the frog.
The girl who sits next to me is a very open lesbian. She began talking to me about her homosexual relationship problems. In a blaze of absent minded ignorance i blurt out  "gosh, that is soooo gay " needless to say she went berserk and made me feel like the most bigoted ignorant jackass.
i was working at my crappy division ii school's softball game when a man walked up to us at the scorers' table and asked if he could plug in his phone to charge. Later on in the game, his phone starts to ring. i reach over and silence it as not to interrupt the game.
i really needed a piss, so as soon as the guy had been paid i went upstairs to the bathroom to relieve myself. the blinds were open, but i thought;  "meh, he'll start downstairs at the front " and besides the it's that kind of warped glass that distorts the light so you can't see through clearly. 30 seconds later, and i saw nothing other than the window cleaner's ladder appear outside. the floodgates were open; there was no way i was holding back this piss.
it was embarrassing. i ate too much and there was a huge crowd of people around me and i let of this  "silent but deadly " fart that everyone smelled. and they know it's me. it was so embarrassing. and it was my fault. i'm so sorry.
 "i have been marking ipt assignments and realised that yours is not here. can you email me it today please. do not modify it as i need to see the last modified date on or before the due date "  "i know you finished it and i think i read your draft in print but i have not got it here to mark. not really going to be able to give positive feedback to your parents tomorrow without it "
i woke up at 9 am (1hour before usual) due to finals this week. i finish my exam around 11,  get lunch and realize that i'm pretty tired. i lay down around noon to take what i hope to be a short,  hour long nap. i wake up,  check my phone and it says 4. no biggy i thought,  i feel great. well now i am paying for it because i'm lying in bed,  wide awake from midnight to 2:30 and decided to hop on reddit for a few giggles. i have an exam in 7 hours.
i'm a late bloomer and i haven't gotten my period yet. for the last two days i've been having these terrible, terrible stomach cramps. because i was a curious fucktard, i licked it, and what do you fucking know, it tastes just like blood! as if the red color and the fact that it was dripping from my vagina didn't give it away! anyway, after that i'm abso-fucking-lutely mortified.
All my classmates told me,  "i *have* to get to work on it asap all semester, " i finally take their advice 1wk prior to it being due. every time i open it up, it crashes my computer. with my 10% of the grade midterm at a 92%, i have to get an a on the final and turn in a big 2% exctra credit for any hope of a c.
i nicked my nipple with the razor. blood was everywhere. i somehow coaxed it to stop bleeding so much. thinking i was a genius, i decided to masturbate. i had to stop because the force i often use when i get down to business opened up the wound and blood was dripping on my arm the whole time from my nipple. apparently, nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine.
i'm in college and sometimes i can be a lazy slob. so i was making my bed just now, exhausted from a hard day's work, and when i went to spread out my comforter, a huge cup of days old milk spilled and went everywhere. it was so traumatizing i started crying, then only cried more because i realized how pathetic i was for crying over spilled milk. i was having a pretty good day, but now? this whole evening is ru-eened :( someone cheer me up!
i had finals coming up and i knew i couldn't do both, so i called my boss and told him i had to quit. he said he was disappointed by not letting me know ahead of time, especially since i built good relationships with everyone at the job. how should i respond back?
i feel really, really bad. at one of my tables. her husband wrote,  "you forgot my wife's birthday! booooooo!!!!!! " on the check and left a dollar on $60. i'm not even upset about the tip. i feel like a terrible person.
So today in my highschool chemistry class we had an lab to do. so last night i emailed my teacher and asked if, just to be silly, i could bring in a gas mask to wear instead of safety glasses. she emails me back and gives me the ok as long as i don't wear it outside of the classroom.here we are to this morning. now my day starts at a prompt 6:30am and i get to school at 7:30 am even though it starts at 9:00 am because my parents are busy people. somewhere between that time and my 11:45 chemistry class i left the can shaped filter that screws onto the mask in the cafeteria. at about
i work at a liquor store, so obviously i see a plethora of people daily. i was actually at the register for once, and the guy was second in line. while my current customer was counting up change i decided to complement the dog.  "sir, that is a beautiful dog. " he turned his head towards me and solemnly said  "i wouldn't know "
i recently got a laptop and have been using it for about a week or so. my internet connection would go from private to public on its own causing my internet to disconnect. after much frustration and days of google searching and trying to fix it i decided to just call tech support. after a few minutes of talking the it guy said that the best thing to do was to reset my computer to factory setting.  "ok " i though, this computer is only a week old how so i don't have anything important on it. so i restore it and continue on with my day and as i'm browsing the web it fucking hits me. i had a four page essay on my laptop that is due
i left some eggs to boil and forgot about them for 2 hours because i was playing gta san andreas. i started to smell something burning but for some reason didn't get up. i got up, got out of my room and see that the entire house is full of smoke. thankfully it's just the eggs, and i was able to open up all the doors and windows.
This happened last night, but i'm just posting now because the embarrasment has faded a bit more. before we start, my gf and her friend are in high school, so some of the story should make more sense. Last night, i was invited to my girlfriends house just to hang out and have dinner there. cool, her family really likes me (from what she's told me) and i've been over a lot in our almost 9 months. her other friend came, along with her moms boyfriends 2 sons. (both around 30, with children of their own, who were there too. they were 1 and 8 year old boys.)  i grab on,
As a nurse, i worked in a geriatric ward. One night an old woman had a heart attack on my watch. As it was my first death, i had to call the relatives and explain. When i was doing so i phoned her son, only to be greeted by his wife. She explained that he had been dead for six months.
i forgot that my dad goes through every single thing in the recycling, so when he saw the bag he opened it and was blasted by the smell of weed. funny thing was he blamed my two brothers first before i told him it was my friends.nothing bad really happened, he was just mad for awhile.
This week's episode of The Skinny Girl is about sunburn. This week's installment is about the pain of sun poisoning. The author had a sun hang over after a trip to a water park. The pain is so bad she can't see her back. She uses a soft back brush to exfoliate.
Airsoft player gets heat stroke by wearing too many layers. Threw up after playing airsoft for the second time in a day. Took a cold bath, slept in the bath, woke up and threw up in the water. Told his team he felt like he had been hit with a hammer.
edit: *exempt. fucked my title up too. ugh. I can't believe I wrote that. I'm so sorry. I was trying to make a point. It's not my fault. I didn't mean to make it sound like it was. I just didn't know what to say.
i'm not gonna do my usual wall of text just a short post this time. i swear... i have the worst luck in the world. i'm watching episode 17 of black butler. my dad walks in to show me a guitar i might like. he sees the screen and simply says  "the fuck kind of porn are you watching? " and walks out.
The. conversation did not ensue. The. conversation didn't ensue because the. conversation was about a different topic. The conversation did, however, take place over the course of a few hours. The topic was about how to get the most out of a person's time.
My dad was disappointed i had kept it a secret but said he would not tell my mum. i cornered one of my brothers who said it was a surprise but he thought i was good at it. i've got to decide if i tell her i'm a stripper or not.
i need someone to tell me everything is going to be okay and to help motivate me. i'm always making excuses. i don't know what i'm going to say to my professor. i haven't coded either because i've been depressed and addicted to video games. ugh.
 "i imagine it was like a little scrunched up bit of latex, crusty cum, and of course canine feces all mixed up like a meatball "  "you'll never guess what i found in your dog's shit "  "i've never been so embarrassed "
i woke up in the middle of the night and really needed to take a piss, but i really didn't want to get out of bed. my solution to this issue was grabbing the empty plastic water bottle on my bedside and going in it. the only problem is, once i got my stream going, i realized that i wasn't sitting up all the way in my bed and all of the bottle's contents were soon going to spill out. most of you know how difficult it is to stop mid-piss, and so once i finally did, most of the contents had emptied out onto my sheets.
i occasionally use marijuana. my experiences have always been pretty mellow and relaxing, when i use a pipe and take a couple hits. i vaporize quite a bit of weed, significantly more than the other two people i'm with. i start to feel like i have absolutely no control over my own thoughts and vision. it felt like i was experiencing everything with a delay of a second or two, like living in slow motion.
A redditor gave this movie to his teacher accidentally on a thumb drive. It involved necrophilia, pedophilia, mutilation, beastiality, and an instance where the main character fucked someone in their eye socket. Think i'll be taking a break from serbian movies for some time.
So i'm single and don't go shopping very often but when i do i make sure to get plenty of peanut butter and jelly so i can make sandwiches for lunch. Well there was about half a can and now i'm in tremendous stomach pain and have been in the toilet for the past hour.
i currently only work 16 hours a week, and i have been desperately looking for a second job. i had gone through 3 interviews with my nearest chipotle, but didn't get the job. my friend that i met last semester in speech told me i had a perfect personality for chipotle and said they were building a new one in the town nearby.
i've always really liked verizon, but it seems their customer service has gotten worse, just like their prices and plans, and now i'm stuck with them for another two years. i have a plan with verizon wireless, and am always sure to pay the little extra to get the warranty, so if anything happens to my phone, it will be covered. i'm also very careful with it, i rarely drop it, it's never been near water.
i'm stationed on a sub and have been up working for the past few days nearly non stop with little sleep. last night i was lucky to get two hours down after working 20+ hours. i accidentally took melatonin, a hormone that helps you fall asleep, instead of b-12. i'm lucky that i was able to get home early today and that i didn't face plant on the deck.
A pizza delivery driver was fired for writing a riddle on a receipt. The customer took pictures of the box and sent them to corporate. The manager called his boss, who fired the driver outright. The driver has since got a new job. The riddle was on the receipt, not the receipt itself.
i was doing some studying for a essay, when my brother decides to walk into the bedroom. he begins rambling, like he usually does, and i ask him to shut up. of course, he doesn't. so after a while of him talking on about.. whatever, he turns on some kind of crappy music, probably to irritate me. so i decide to turn it off myself, then he decided to punch me lightly, but it still hurt. so then, i go full-on rage mode, and begin beating on him..thankfully, the only injury he got was a shattered dignity, and the only injuries i got were a broken tooth, but still. i still
My company makes price lists to quote customers. Instead of adding the groups of clients and sending it via bcc,. i accidentally sent the list through to:  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0. Several company didn't like that and called to berate us for doing business with their competitors.my boss called and informed me of my mistake. he wasn't happy with it either.
 "It seemed simple enough, go through the house replace the creme colored sockets from the 70s with new white one's. turns out that the island outlets are on their own little fucking breaker "  "holy fucking shitcock mother fucker, " he says.  "I grabbed that little fucker by both poles, turned it around and pulled it out "
A man was stung by a swarm of bees while on safari in Kenya. The incident happened during a game drive into the wilderness. The man suffered a swollen face, an ear larger than the other and a huge bump on his neck. The bees were the 'angriest and meanest bees in the whole world'
i applied nair hair removal lotion to my pubes and ass. After about an hour, my nether regions started to blister. My girlfriend laughed at first, but when she saw the damage, she wasn't laughing anymore. She took me to a doctor, but i told her she needed to take me home.
 "i would rather have you use the extinguisher filled with the same thing right behind you! "  "i cost my company $15,000 in one night just to fix the equipment i messed up as well as refilling the fire extinguisher "  "i'm so glad i didn't burn down my house "
i used to cum into rags or tissues, and throw them in a bag. one time i got really lazy and the bag got really full. i didn't want to throw it away at home, so i took it to work. where i worked at the time, i was usually by myself in a little store. so at the end of the day before closing, i put the bag in one of the mall trash cans and closed up the store. i had to open the next morning (again by myself), and when i got there, i noticed that the bag of cum rags and tissues were tied up to the door. i freaked out for a second and had to cut
A friend gave him an aleve, and he dry swallowed it. The aleve got lodged in a pocket in his esophagus. One of the chemicals in the pill had burned through the tissue as it slowly dissolved. The doctor gave him some prescription heartburn medication that helped a tiny bit.
My brother was being a normal younger sibling, annoying me like usual. to get back at him, i decided to pull his shorts down and reveal his underwear. needless to say, my mom's boyfriend and i were dying of laughter, while my mom almost choked on her food.
i was doing a long and hard (thats what she said) world understanding. so i was glueing papers to poster paper. by an accident i applied the glue stick to my lips thinking it was chap-stick. it turned out to be a glue stick.
WARNING: extreme stupidity, autism, bipolar and dumbassry.  "i wish i could go back in time and maul myself to death "  "i have no clue about computers other than basics. i know what the mobo does, what the cpu does etc. but nothing advanced and nothing that should excuse me into opening the heatsink "
i let it rip no more than 5 min after i left home. i get home and inspect the damage and thankfully it never hit my pants. as i'm sitting there on the toilet shitting the rest of it out and i can't help but cringe at the thought of the other person watching we waddling away from the bus stop just as the bus was arriving. after i'd waited like 15 min. i wonder if he could tell.
i messed up hard on my first day of work. forks, knives and spoons just poured like rain onto the floor. the sound of  all the metal hitting the floor was deafening and caused a huge ruckus. all the diners simply looked at me with a mix of condescending sympathy (or maybe disdain)
i was making a 3-point turn but hit the curb with the hubcap. examiner told me i didn't fail the test because of that but, i was so thrown off after that, i pretty much bombed the test. afterwards when i told my instructor that i failed, he drove me home and that was it. i realized afterwards that i forgot to tell him what i did when i looked at my phone later in the day and he left me a voicemail telling me to call him back. fuck maybe it's not too big of a fuck up but i feel pretty ashamed.
i am currently a lefty with the (temporary) inability to use my left hand, as it is burned and blistered by my extremely hot ignorance. out of boredom, i decided to curl my hair while i watched a movie. pain...lots of pain, ensued.
i didn't hear anyone pissing themselves with laughter so i think i escaped the added bonus of public humiliation.  maybe. i didn't see anyone u00a0pissing u00a0themselves with laughter. maybe. I didn't u00a0hear u00a0anyone pissing u00a0their u00a0self u00a0with laughter so I think I escaped the u00a0added bonus of u00a0public humiliation.
i always tend to sign up for my classes at the university of new mexico a little bit later than i should but i've never really had any problems with it. until now. when i registered online a few months back for the fall semester, i was almost sure that i had pressed the button that said  "main campus only " when searching through the available courses. of my five classes, 3 of them are at the rio rancho campus which is 20 miles away and one is at the los lunas/valencia campus. i don't own a car so 3 days a week i'm going to be riding 40 miles to get to and from school. i can't go
i started tinkering around with the stapler, trying to figure out how it works. it was when i was pushing against the handle, my hand directly on top of the staples, that i heard it click. i painfully pulled it out. i sit here, typing this out with a sore thumb while i'm repeatedly cursing at my brain. i swear i'm at least book smart.
The so and i are in ecuador on vacation and we are flying out to panama city the following morning. we've been on a bit of a day drunk and he's tired and i'm bored. i decide to wander off to an internet cafe where i end up meeting some fun travellers and we head off to a bar. we drink more and more.. and more. fast forward i'm stumbling around and i can't find the condo we are renting for the life of me. eventually so finds me outside a block away and he is pissed! rightly so. we discover i've lost my iphone. it has all my vacation pics and some nudie pics of me on it
The same person who posted the doritos locos dog shit catastrophe the other day. This one is much more terrifying, but only slighlty less disgusting. The day was great! i did some hoodrat shit with my friends,  "watched " despicable me 2 with my date, and by watch i mean violating her tounge with my own. and then we had some  "lunch " and by lunch i mean we oraly pleasured eachothers fuck instrument.
i spent 3 horrendous days not trusting any fart as far as i could throw it and rushing to the restroom every couple of minutes. i finished a box of 20 tea bags using a 20oz mug for each bag in only 3 days... i was giving myself explosive diarrhea. i was to blame for the 3 excruciating days of shit coated pain.
i don't know what it was but, i just couldn't finish that night. the worst part was that afterwards we were talking and she asks me  "did you finish? " and i lied and told her i had. it was going to be our first time together, but her first time ever. i suddenly get super tired.. i fake a finish and that was that.
 "i think he is.. " i gasp and she says his name. he meekly replies  "yes ", and i am in a total state of shock. we were pretty close, and played video games and wrestled and stuff, but now he can barley look me in the eyes. i told him briefly i thought i was alone with his sister and i wanted to enjoy privacy with her. he just replied with one word answers and looked totally shocked. i ran inside and died a little inside "
i had taken out my metal fleshie/tunnel thingo to wash it because if you don't for about a week it begins to smell like feet and pee pee shit and stuff like that. obviously, as the title suggests my clumsy butter fingets fumbled it into the toilet bowl with a gentle plop. i panicked and cosidered leaving it in there but it's my favourite one so decided next plan of attack would be to find a glove and attempt to fish it out! i had no idea where i'd get a glove until i remembered that i had one last condom that i could spare!
Pick my nose today. Pick my nose. Pick your nose.pick your nose today and pick your nose again.Pick your nose now. Pick Your Nose today.Pick Your Nose Today. Pick My nose today! Pick Your nose Today! Pick My Nose Today!Pick Your noseToday! Pick His Nose Today? Pick His nose Today?
i went to the fast food eatery that happily serves 42 million people globally every day. i made a bee line to the bathroom where the most fiery, painful liquid-esque shit i've ever produced in my entire life poured from my nether regions. my girlfriend's mother felt sorry for me after she heard the story and bought me season 1 of game of thrones. excellent!
The trash men would come ever monday to take out the trash bins. i came back from school, and i thought the trash bin that i was holding was empty. but, when i heard the trash people pass my house, i had a feeling that the trash wasn't empty. then i quickly,ran while holding the  "not empty " trash bin. but it was to late, so now i have to carry two trash bins, and one trash can with wheels.
 "i have never got even a third of this much karma for anything i have ever posted before "  "i was very surprised. i have no clue how i couldn't feel it. if i saw it on google, i would think  "*how* does anybody let it get that bad?! "  "i think you need a mirror or something. i think it is worse than you realize "
i hope my cars not dead. i hope i don't have to buy a new car. i want to be able to drive again. i love my car. I hope I don't need to buy another one. I love my cars. I want to drive my car again.
things are going to get awkward. i was chatting with a girl in a different office using our messaging system.  i wanted to see what she looked like, so i searched for her on facebook.  when i tapped her name, it said  "friend request sent "
It's been a long time coming, but the shame finally wore off for the former NFL star. It's not the first time he's been in trouble with the law, but it's the first since he was arrested for DWI last year. He was charged with DWI in 2007 and was sentenced to two years in prison.
i have literally had explosive diarrhea for 7 days. this morning on my way to work i for some reason thought it would be a great idea since i'm feeling better to have a latte (espresso and milk). get to work, guts start to bubble, i get up to run to the bathroom, shit my pants. today i fucked up by drinking a milk based drink after a week of a stomach virus and shit myself at work.
A few days ago i walked over to get my daily vodka fifth. As soon as i bought the bottle something went wrong with my stomach and i knew i had to shit. The liquor store has no bathroom and is located in a kind of strip mall next to an expensive salon (cant shit there) nor can i shit at the tae kwon do place. so basically i run behind the building and pull my pants down and diarrhea all over the back of the place. as i am shitting the guy from the liquor store comes out the back door to have a cigarette and is sees me and is like  "hey "
 "i normally only shave when my facial hair gets so long that i start to get beard in my food "  "i'd try to style it somehow, but it's unruly and grows in sorta patchy, despite growing in a decent length "  " i can't just leave it like this. i definitely have to go into public and be seen like this "
 "i didn't realize what i had done until about a week ago "  "i was so drunk that i thought for a moment, then said: u00a0i'm not really that hot, so i'm fine "  "my friend is fine. he just had a huge bump on his head for a few days "
 "i know she has feelings for me but i feel she'll keep on taking advantage every time we go out drinking "  "i'm pretty much going to stop drinking because it always makes me kind of slutty... all though never with a girl "  "I feel horrible because i'm not attracted to her, it's just alcohol does that to me "
i'm visually impaired and can't drive, so i'm stuck taking the bus.  there was half an hour before my bus came, and i was kind of hungry.  i decided to make a trip to the local grocery store. i ended up buying more than i anticipated, and because i didn't get a cart, i put them in my bag with my toys. When i went to check out, i used that stand without conveyor belts.
i was sleeping over my friends house with two other friends (all girls, i'm a guy) one of which happened to be my friend with benefits. we all proceeded to get quite drunk. we settled down and pulled out the sofa bed. me being drunk off my ass decided it'd be a good idea to start fucking in our friend's basement with her and friend b sleeping 10 feet away. this caused one of them to get up and sleep upstairs after asking us to be quieter. the second friend was later woken up by the moans of the girl who was under me and got up to tell us to stop but i ignored her request and asked if she wanted to join. (
i was cleaning up my boyfriend's art supplies that were just sitting in the corner of the living room next to the couch. i decided to pack them all up in one of those giant plastic storage containers. i got a text from my boyfriend this afternoon (in somewhat of a panic) asking where all his stuff was. he explained that he has a special towel buried in the box for when he jerks off and apparently he was frantic when he couldn't find it.
i went to see the purge last night with my friends. after i bought my ticket, i went to the bathroom to wash my hands while they were buying their tickets. i caught them walking by as i exited and we went on our way to the theatre. we took our seats and jordan offered me some sour patch kids. i rooted some out of the bag and nibbled on them. almost immediately, it registered that it totally looked like i had just felt my pants for an accident and then smelled to see what was funky down there.
As i pulled into the parking garage at work this morning, i had pandora playing on my phone, connected to the stereo. i don't recall what the song playing as i pulled in was, but apparently it was the muthafuckin jam! it was so the jam that i needed to hear this song in its entirety. right now. so i plugged in my ear buds, grabbed my work bag, transferred a few things into it from my purse, threw my purse in the trunk. i then went off, beeboping along to this amazing song (whatever the fuck it was) on my long walk into work. i finish the long walk back to my car, relieved
i'm a waitress. today i had a party of 8. i was half way through, 4 full cokes left on the tray. i bend over to set one down in front of an older women. most people, upon seeing someone struggle to reach, would kindly reach out and help. not her. she was oblivious to my existence and kept chatting with her friend. as i was struggling to reach her spot, my hand that was under the tray slipped just enough for the whole thing to topple. i let go of the coke i was setting down in an attempt to catch the tray, which caused me to spill it all over her lap. the other 3 cokes fell right onto
i meant to send the link to the devs groups and i accidently sent it to the other chat. now the proxy is blocked for everyone. this is way we can't  have nice things. :( :(. i'm so sorry. i'll try to fix it soon.
i am straight and currently have a girlfriend. i work at a store in downtown san francisco which consists of about 90% gay/lesbian. i personally never minded it, but today i asked a coworker to smoke with me after work. it not once came across my mind that he could possibly be taking this the wrong way.
i didn't actually say anything, but i still feel really bad about it. i was at breakfast with a group of friends, and for one reason or another (i don't remember the exact conversation) i said something along the lines of:  "when i was in middle school, we used to joke about having sex. nowadays, middle school kids are actually having sex, it's a shame " at that moment, i remembered that the person sitting next to me once told me that she had sex at the age of 12.
i was making filipino chicken adobo and thought i'd spice it up by adding some serranos. i had made sure to wash my hands thoroughly after working with the chicken, but didn't do quite as good a job after slicing up the peppers. i needed to blow my nose and whoa nelly!!! fiery, burning, tear enduing, vicks vap-o-rub ain't got nuthin' on this shieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet.
The optometrist said that what happened was most likely inflammation caused by dryness in the eye. The cause of this? My hypothyroidism. I was given some eyedrops to take if it happens again. I have two more appointments for this on the 19th of april and on the 1st of may.
 "i released a small gas bubble through my sphincter and it soaked my shorts like i had sat on a dozen water balloons "  "i sat there using toilet paper and sink water to hide my shitty mistake for what felt like weeks. time continues to pass by as i am standing there ass naked in the bathroom with my shorts in the sink "
As a bisexual man with a healthy appetite, i occasionally like to sample myself. One time, i shot myself right in the eye. After cleaning up, i found my eye almost immediately bloodshot. Somehow, no one asked any questions about it. It apparently cleared over the day, because it was gone when i got in.
My family consists of my grandparents, my mother, my father, my little sister, and some pets. today, i was told that i would be home alone and i should take care of the house. i decided the most relaxing thing i could possibly do was use the nicest shower in the house (the one by my parent's bedroom) and do my nails in the bed. i chose a book and started reading.ten minutes in i hear moaning or yelling or something. i then came to terms with the fact that i was listening to my grandparents getting it on.
 "i don't own light blue victoria's secret panties. at this point my head is flipped, i realize these are my friends panties, a girl we opened our home up to while she was visiting from california. who actually hasn't been here for awhile as she is visiting her dad...instantly he tells me it isn't what it looks like "
My cafeteria has a milk dispesensor where basically a big bag of milk sits in a refridgerator. The bag has a tube where the milk comes out into your glass. I wanted some chocolate milk with dinner but the bag was basically empty. So i asked one of the workers if they had more. He said sure and went to go get another bag to put in. He put the bag in like a pro and was pulling the tube down so it could pour into the glass. Like a rookie pulled the tube to hard and ripped the bag spilling chocolate milk everywhere.
i've had this many times before, the first time when i was 6 (i'm 17 now) when i first experienced the burn i went to the doctor and was prescribed with rubbing a cotton ball soaked in isopropyl alcohol on the tip. it worked fine and has worked fine ever since, typically needed twice a year. i rubbed some alcohol on it and expected everything to be fine. most unexpectedly, the sanitizing did not fix the issue. i really had to pee at this moment so, being a stupid teenager, i pinched the head of my penis in a manner that it would open my dick hole and poured 90% isoprophyl alcohol down my ureth
i got downvoted hard. i got my le karma punished. i don't know what to do. i just want to go back to sleep. i'm so tired of being on the computer all the time. i want to be with my family. i love them so much. I'm so sorry.
i laid it on the bed and just started doing it. i was looking at the tv and ya know and i got way too into it,  slipped and went forward. it felt like i broke it and for a second i thought i did but lckily all that happened was the box broke and not dick richards.
edit- it was awkward to say the least. i am not a satanist nor do i aspirs to be, but the reaction of him hearing me say that was not fun. my family already thinks i worship some fake red guy, and i certainly didnt help myself with this.
This morning i decided to give myself an orgasm before work. all is going as usual, rubbing my clit until i get wet enough to start fingering myself. and then i look at my fingers... blood. everywhere. only then did i realize that my long nails had scratched the shit out of my vaginal walls. enough to draw blood. i knew i was a horndog but this is just embarrassing.
Last night i was feeling rather randy, and decided i would pick up a hooker to get some relief. So i hopped on craigslist and went straight for the casual encounters section. i decided why the hell not and called up a tranny. She claimed to have a 10 inch cock and 38d tits. i agreed to some mutual oral and anal, and to pay 40 bucks.
i was cooking a whole box of pasta. when i put the pasta in, the water level was pretty close to the top of the pot. i decided i would just keep an eye on it and everything would be fine.however, i was very wrong. this literally just happened about two and a half minutes ago.
This is the first time in all my life that i've legitimately missed a final, and it's the one final that i really need a good grade on because i suck at learning languages. have a great day, and don't be me this week! I hope you all had a great week.
i was in the cantine at my college, and i see who i thought was my good friend, tom, at the water dispenser. so, naturally, i go up behind him, and since he has his back to me, i think to myself,  "i'll creep him out "  u00a0so i go right in close to his ear, and in a raspy, gutteral, paedo voice say  "tommm, i like you... "  u00a0obviously the guy turns round and it's a compete stranger. i was so stunned i didn't even say sorry and that i was mistaken. i just sort of smiled and gave the impression i hadn't
My mother has been in the hospital for a month now and my dad, sister and i take turns staying over with her. tonight was my turn and since there are no beds available for guests at the moment, i fashioned one out of a bunch of chairs and a sleeping bag. at around 4 am i wake up with awful back pains from the damn chairs and decide to rearrange. well, i took one of the many pillows that was piled on a chair, repositioned myself and rubbed my face into the deliciously comfortable hospital pillow. it was then that i got a huge whiff of urine and mom pubes and i realized it was a pillow the nurses placed between her legs so
i'm struggling at work right now and been going to the bathroom all morning. instead of having a normal sized portion i decided to eat 2 pounds of fried chicken. bad to begin with, but then I decided to layer on half a bottle of very spicy hot sauce.
i was having fun in the shower. because i was home alone i decided to take my time, so i was in there, water spraying at full blast, for quite a while. after i finished i realised i was sitting in a pool of water a few centimeters high - and i don't have a bathtub. my entire bathroom was filled with water and it was running out the door, making a nice little pool on the carpet outside. i handled the situation with towels and went back to doing whatever useless stuff i had been doing before my watery adventure. fast forward a few hours and my mom comes home and asks me why there's water running from the roof downstairs.
The heavier you are (this thing is designed for 7-8 year olds), the faster it spins. When i finally figured out how to stop it i got off dizier that a heavily intoxicated person. started walking in extremely tight circles unable to stop myself and tripped over a log. 5 hours later it still hurts like crazy.
i'm in the navy working out of an aircraft hangar and today we had the mas (military police) come through our command with a drug dog. well the dog comes up to my desk and he's starting to sniff pretty good, he starts smelling my pocket when all hell breaks loose in this dog's world. he's barking, freaking out, practically shits himself. the ma freaks out also and grabs me and tells me to empty my pockets. so i pull out the 3 bucks i had and cuffs me. all this in front of coworkers and my chief. i'm waiting around for about 2 hours to finally have his first class show up and explain that most money has traces
i was sick, i said i was going, i meant to go, and i didn't. i'm pretty sure i'll be fired in the morning, which doesn't help the fact that i'm almost homeless right now. so immature of me, and now i have no recourse! so, tifu :)
i am graduating from college in a few weeks. got an email today to schedule an interview for a job that's really cool and in my field (it's partly a communications position, which makes this even worse.) i was so excited when i got the email. until, reading over the email chain of my scheduling the interview, i realized i had sent an email misspelling the interviewer's name. basically it's the equivalent of writing  "anne " as  "annie " - not egregious, but definitely something she'll notice.
i was getting lunch today at a local sandwich place and felt a sting in my eye suddenly. now i wear contacts so i ran to the bathroom to investigate. it should be noted that i have long eye lashes, the kind that maybelline would love to model as, only problem is i am a 6ft, hairy everywhere male. so anyway i go to look and yep, and eyelash in the far corner of my eye. i try getting it out by bushing against it, nothing, flush it,. nothing, this shit is driving my eye crazy. so like a fat man at an all you can eat buffet, i dig into my eye, not thinking about what i
i blurted out,  "no prob, homo..ohhhh...girrrrlllll...^pal...^friend...^mrfff.... " i just sat there quietly for a few minutes in open-mouthed awe at my incredulous idiocy.
A few weeks ago, the older sister of, lets call her,  "rose, " died in a gruesome car accident. Out of habit at that point, i ask loudly,  "you have a sister?! " she looks at me, tears practically welling up, and says that,  "its ok "
My earlobe started feeling funny this morning so i went to the bathroom to assess the situation. turns out i had one of those incredibly painful, annoying, under the skin zits. so mystery solved. i should have stopped there, but no. i had to get that fucker out of there.i poked at it all day about every hour to no avail. i got home and tried stabbing it with a needle. i wimped out as soon as the needle touched my skin. it's now bright red/purple and throbbing. i'm starting to get those  "i'm about to be sick sweats " and feeling feverish.
i use an aerosol deoderant spray because i like to think it works better. i stripped my pants off and jumped in the shower to scrub it all off. i got to work 15 minutes late, and i had to give my boss a long speech about how the traffic was bad due to some massive family reunion.
A little girl knocked on the door of a dressing room in a mall. The door was locked. The little girl didn't come back. The girl put off trying on the dress for the day, but you bet your ass i was going to try it on that day.
My father has been doing decorations for a while. This month its the bathroom and spare bedroom, so he needed a new wardrobe for it. He found a pine / mdf / chipboard mix with a set of drawers for  u00a380, just 15odd miles up the road. Being the good son i am i help.
In college, three of us were tossing a football around, and we deiced to try kicking field goals. One of us would hold, another kick, and the third guy would stand between two trees with his arms out to simulate the goalposts. buddy d goes, gets decent lift and has good aim/control, which makes sense as he's the best athlete of all of us. i'm holding, and he makes a few, so w and i convince him to try from farther back. He does well, so i suggest backing up really far, completely disregarding/forgetting his previous knee injuries/surgeries.
The last day i worked at my local pool, i decided to ride my bike into the pool. As i'm walking the bike out of the pool area i set it down to fix my bathing suit. It falls off balance and becomes a teeter-totter of nastiness. It tears my already soft toenail straight up.
i just remembered it's my mom's birthday and i haven't done anything for her yet. i can't mess up her birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been a rough year.thank you all for your suggestions, and i summoned my song/poem writing abilities and wrote a very long card and she loved it.
i work in a call center. when we're backed up, you can wait in line or leave a callback with a short message that will hold your place. i'm listening to this guy talk about his problems, and the root of his problem is that he has no idea how to use a computer, much less the gigantic electronic sign he wants to run with it. i have already deduced from what he has said that there is nothing wrong. he just needs me to be a manual on tape more or less. after hanging up, i just sat there for about 5min wondering if i just lost my job.
This story is based on an incident that happened back in high school. The author was dating a girl at the time. She broke up with him when she found out he had spit on her. He says he's never gotten over the incident and has never been able to get over it.
It contains sulfuric acid! so baking soda is the way to neutralise it. Since he accussed me of lying - you know for the lols or whatever the n00bs are in to. it's a rented apartment and the residue of acid has turned into a powder that is now eating at my wooden floors (from walking over both surfaces).
My girlfriend recently moved 250 miles away to complete grad school. She was suffering from a bad cold and sore throat so i decided to visit her to cheer her up. After some awesome dry humping and hot kissing and her orgasm... whoops. its fucking superbad up in the joint and i got a period blood stain on my underoos.
i swear, i don't think sara's fat. anna is just a tiny person with 0% body fat. sara held herself together very well, but i could see she was genuinely hurt. i decided to say,  "it's in case i gain some weight over the holidays. " and, fuck.
Last night a fly kept landing on me. i gave him half-ass swats for ten minutes, while he kept trying to chill all over my torso. i ran out of pity after that and resolved to slap the shit out of him next pass. He took off from my lamp and cut a lazy line toward my shorts. i channeled kareem abdul jamar's sky hook, forgetting myself, and slammed the fly, flat on my palm, right into my nuts.
The first one was barely worth posting, but 2? oh yea, definitely. It's one day after i graduate boot camp and i'm hanging out with my family. The time comes for them to go home and they are short on cash. i tell them don't worry, i have a plan. Later during the night, i had to go to a meeting for new arrivals and just before i left my room, one of my bunk mates offered me some new bread he bought. pretty much ate it in one bite and went on to the meeting.
This summer i was trying to ask out this girl who went to my university. she was playing really hard to get because she had just ended a year long relationship. one day she complained how she needed coffee because she was tired but couldn't get away from work. i was about to go on lunch break and offered to buy her a cup and bring it to her. she declined because it was  "too nice " of a gesture. The next time she complained, i ordered what i remembered she liked - iced caramel macchiato.
i was visiting the in-laws this weekend and woke up pretty groggy from a night of partying. i went to the bathroom and decided to get one out to start the day. after finishing, i wiped up and washed my hands. this particular morning, some residual semen happened to dribble out on the floor. in my groggy state, i did not think clearly to check the floor so i left the bathroom. about an hour later, my sister-in-law was getting ready for work. apparently, she throws her pants on the ground because when she put them on, she noticed a stain. my wife had confirmed it was my semen.
i was at the gas station late one night, about to buy $20 in gas and a snickers. i got talking to the guy at the register, because work was slow that night, and he was cuuuuuuute. he failed to get the register open and went in the back to ask his manager. i saw this as a great opportunity to let a fart i'd been holding back. i went to the other side of the station, looked around, and saw that the coast was clear. i turned around and saw a.... i guess the pc term is  "little person " he was hood as hell, too.
i looked online and everyone made it seem really simple to pop off the keys on the macbook pro, that i decided to do that myself to clean under them. i pop off 13 keys before i realize that they are not going back on all the way and aren't attaching to the right side. i have to take the thing into the mac store and have new risers put under 7 keys. those stores are expensive, by the way.
A 5p coin got lodged in my nasal passages. I had to have surgery to have it removed. The worst bit of it all was when the nurse got me ready for surgery but when she was done i saw her go over and talk to the other nurses, then they all looked at me and laughed hysterically. That was the worst day 2 days of my life.
i ate way too much food yesterday. i threw up literally everything i had eaten that day, which was a lot. halfway through, i realize two things. one, i have to shit again. two, i am not going to be able to stop vomiting for long enough to position my butt over the toilet.
i was living in virginia in a beautiful house on the edge of farmland, surrounded by mountains.  in this house lived five roommates including myself.  one day i got a couch request from a guy named jacob.  he needed a place to stay for two nights because of a hurricane that was to be coming up the coast (sandy)  it was nearing thanksgiving, as well and we were having a party for my roommate kirsty's birthday. i told him as long as he said he was my cousin that he could stay for the two nights.  no one would notice... in my mind... and he would be back on the road no big deal
i am a service adviser (that primarily deals with oil changes) for a ford lincoln mazda dealership in louisiana. My boss had me switch desks with another adviser and his computer was slow as christmas. So i reorganized my new desk and the rat's nest of wires under it. that's when it hit the fan. everything electronically networked ran shut down.
i am 27 years old and haven't been able to face the facts that i am gay. i have courted the ideas of curiosity and then my ability to be gender-neutral or something and bisexuality. i am very attracted to women, i use straight porn as well as gay porn. All of my relationships have crumbled because i know there is a part of me that just wants to be with a man.
i got really nervous and embarrassed after knocking her down, so i quickly scrambled the fuck out of there. turns out that i accidentally took one of her shopping bags with a few garments in it (receipt says the total cost was around ~$108) she must have been at least 95 years old.
 "i insulted someones mother, pissed in a obscenely public place and gave my national socialist party brothers an irish goodbye "  "i'm a dirty human being, and i'm going to celebrate that fact by nursing my hangover with 2 dollar one litre beers and kick it with my amazingly depraved, convict buddy, des "
i live across the street from a bar where i have become quite the regular along with some old timers from the subsidized housing building next door. One day in particular, the delaney boys are taking quite a bit of booze to the face as is customary when social security checks arrive. Most of the crew disperses aside from one new face, who was having a hard time forming words, thoughts and equilibrium. i noticed this guy fall straight backwards, off his bar stool and thumped his dome pretty hard on the hardwood floor. As the unofficial keeper of the codgers, i sprung from my chair and went to assist. i helped him to his feet and told my crew i would walk him
17-year-old is staying over at a friends house. In his dream he pisses. He then wakes up in a puddle of piss. He doesn't know what to do. So he gets a towel and tries to clean it up. But it doesn't work.
i went down the coast surfing from 6am till 2pm in just board shorts. i came inshore after about 5 hours had a break and went back out for a another 3. i currently look like a cooked lobster and everything that i touch hurts  by being an idiot.
i knew what it was all along!!! i was just not thinking; polos and button ups and such were just not going through my head. :/ i was so confused. i knew what i was doing. i just wasn't sure how to do it. i was in a state of confusion.
i live in quebec, where french is the language of 80% of the population. The running joke in the province is either that they don't speak french, or when they do, they do it hilariously badly. i'm determined to prove them wrong, and have embarked on a campaign to try and get into as many french conversations as possible.
 "hey, fuck you!! " i yelled at a friend-of-a-friend who doesn't look anything like  "j " apparently they were quite confused, and next time i see them will be extremely embarrassing.  "guess who i met today? j! "  "you... haven't seen me today. that didn't happen "
The photo project was to show off some of the work i've done with my new camera. The project was a failure because i forgot to turn off the camera during the photo shoot. The result is a collection of about 250 pictures that i didn't manage to get back to.
A few months ago my girlfriend of over a year ago attempted to kill herself by taking every pill (over 100) she had. After her two weeks in the hospital she was sent to a mental hospital for two more weeks. She came back and on her birthday i borrowed my parents car in the middle of the night and visited her. She was sleeping outside in a tent because the cabin her family was renting was horribly tiny. i entered the tent and woke her up. we talked, kissed, cuddled, and had sex. it was the first time both of us had had sex and it was okay. after that i drove back to my house and went to sleep. then the next night
i posted to random acts of pizza because i felt at wits end because i hadn't eaten in two days and some one was nice enough to order my a 12 inch pepperoni pizza! i got so excited and gave my savior my information and waited. i waited and waited and it seemed like it was taking a while and then i get a phone call...the person who was kind enough to help me. the pizza guy had been ditzing around on my street for 20 minutes because i gave the wrong building number and it's fucking raining! i went out and found the guy and i couldn't even tip him because i'm so broke i can barely handle getting free shit clearly.
i am in my second year of college and my this is my second week living with this roommate. she is really open with her problems. i am not. over the course of the last two weeks she has told me that she was recently diagnosed with anxiety, depression, as being bipolar, ocd, and she suffered a mental break down a few months ago. she likes to talk about these problems a lot. she had to mention this every half hour or so to each of the 4 other roommates, and ask stuff like  "is it weird that i'm not hungry? i haven't eaten since breakfast " i said  "look. it's college. eat when you want to. don
On a dreary and lonely night, i decided to look up 'porn' on ' youtube' i eventually found something graphic, and decided to watch it, but i pressed tvqueue and it played on my dads 52 inch plasma with  surround sound. He is still giving me the look to this minute...
My mom kicked my dad out this summer for reasons that don't pertain to the story. he's physically disabled (broke both ankles) and very depressed. my dad was working at his buddy's auto shop doing computer work like ordering parts and keeping things on file. Well, the economy's in the shitter (or he has a shitty friend) so he got laid off yesterday.
 "i decided to go out with some buddies. we stopped at buffalo wild wings for dinner. that was mistake #1. mistake #2 was letting my buddies convince me to try to eat 18 mango habenero wings "  "so far, the score is: wings 3, my burning anus 0 "
After a great night of entertainment and conversation, we go back to her place. One thing leads to another, and she's completely naked and i'm fingering her. she asks me for sex, i refuse because i have to condoms. she almost begs me the third time and i seriously considered it, then reminded myself that i'm a shitty fucking person for even letting it get this far along, and refuse a final time.
Cold, boring sunday. girlfriend comes over. she crawls into bed and goes under the covers. She starts humming my shaft. I let out a silent-but-deadly. let-out-a-dutch-oven. She flips out. She storms out.
A few weeks ago on a sunday, i had spent the entire weekend mentally preparing myself for a surgical procedure that i've waited for the last few months. Well, against my father's orders to just chill that day, i decided it would be a great idea to bring out those door mounted pullup bars and workout for a bit. i end up pulling up too fast, undoing the grip the bar had on the door and plummeting 5 feet to the hard tile floor beneath me. The cyst in my femur shattered like an egg and i had to get emergency surgery that following monday. i was then hospitalized for a week and i've been since recovering from that accident.
i was driving back from a friends house after drinking a few beers and shooting the shit. stopped off for a late night gyro and began the hour long trek back to my house. about halfway through the drive i had to pee really bad, like really bad. so i had the bright idea to use all my powers of multitasking and pee in an empty snapple bottle while still driving (dumb, i know). get myself set up and do the deed, fill up the bottle with about a millimeter to spare, cap it off and keep driving.
My parents had flown over from australia just for my graduation. The parade was cancelled, couldn't take pics with my phone, didn't contact my parents until graduation ceremony at 4 pm. spent the entire day trying to contact my family, the pictures are another story. always tried racking my brains for a fu and couldn't come up with anything until...last weekend.
Sodium is an alkali metal, which means it's on the very left of the periodic table. due to it's low amount of valence electrons, it's very reactive- with water. so being the curious science person i am, i got a tiny piece (about the size of a grain of sand) and threw it into my applesauce. it made a spark, and everybody started freaking out and telling me to do it again. so i flipped over the cup and smoke **plumed** out of it and then everyone's face turned white, including mine. the fire suffocated eventually and then there was a lunch-wide silence. i was whispering to myself  "*
i've only tried weed once before, and i didn't feel it at all, so i haven't had it since. The other night i drove someone home from work and he asked if i wanted to smoke with him. It took me about 20 minutes to start feeling it (btw, wasn't all it's cracked up to be, i just felt really stupid and lightheaded). so about halfway through my drive home, i decide to call my girlfriend and talk to her. well the conversation quickly dissolved into an argument over her hanging out with her ex alone, and then it turned to if she cared about my emotions at all. i broke up with her over text, but i did
i've been locked in my room trying to get myself together. girl whom i've had a relationship with for 4 years (on and off) had to be told that i messed with her closest friend a couple years back when we were having severe issues. my parents know this girl's parents and probably have to put their heads down in shame every time they see them now. they supposed to be somewhere today where they're going to bump into them. i've been so caught up this week in trying to clean my mess, i didn't even get a chance to get my folks a proper anniversary gift.
 "Today i done messed up " is the story of a high school student's lunch mishap. The student was eating a chicken patty sandwich with fries and ketchup. The ketchup was saturated with chocolate milk, so he used napkins to clean up the mess. He then decided to sniff the mess to see what it smelled like.
My sister broke my laptop while she was playing with a parrot. The damage is so bad that the warranty has been voided. I now have a $1700 pile of wiring and other parts which are completely useless. It's like sueing a person; you'll win, but you won't win much.
A friend (we'll call him paul) and i were staying out of town for a search and rescue conference for a few days showing off our uav aircraft. paul must have forgotten his key card so i shut the shower off, tied a towel around my waist and walked out the front door to let my pal in like any true friend.
i'm 22 and drinking is a problem for me. i'm betting that i should probably stop. i feel like a terrible girlfriend and a terrible person, although i'm trying to get in a mindset of  "everyone has their bad days and i had mine. at least it can only get better from here "
i'm home alone and i decided to make a frozen meal. i followed the instructions to a t. i was on the phone with my roommate when the smoke alarm went off. i ran to the window to see what was going on. i realized it was a smoke alarm.
i'm going to try to make this short because my stories always end up being way longer than necessary...friday night, my friend had a party for her birthday. normally i don't drink, but for whatever reason she really wanted me to, so i obliged. between then and 3 i apparently did some weed (never done that either, not that i remember anyways) and then took a couple of my blankets and pillows up to the attic of the garage and fell asleep. i woke up around 6, having no idea what was going on and yet still drunk enough to not be offput by that. i felt kinda damp, but i figured it was just sweat, since i was
It's finals week and i needed to eat something quickly before a study session. i devoured my food and these collosal chicken pieces which unmercifully cut my throat. i ended up half ass-ing my finals and have been starving for about 4 days now. doctor said its a viral thing, just need rest and i need to let it  "run it's course ". thanks for concerns!
i had the heat on med-low and went in to make some fries and left the chicken for 5 minutes. went back out and the chicken was on fire, and the heat settings wouldn't go down. had to turn off bbq from the tank. the siding behind the bbque is all melted and about 5 panels need to get replaced.
One year ago today, a friend of mine broke his arm while arm-wrestling. The injury left him unable to move his arm for 7 months. He has since made a full recovery but still has a bad-ass scar and a few insensitive spots on his arm to make him remember.
i was walking out of my friends house. we had just finished watching it's always sunny in philadelphia, the episode where the gang shows those kids mac and dennis's lethal weapon 5 movie. it was hilarious. so when me and my friend are walking to my car, i run at *full fucking speed* and hop on the hood and slide over. i ran way too fast though, and over shot my landing on the car. i landed right on my ass on the middle of the hood, not on my side like i should have. for some ungodly reason, my left ass cheek was off the car, but my right ass cheek decided to get stuck for a split
Tifu returns with another masturbatory cautionary tale. This time he puts himself in an insecapable situation for a predetermined length of time. His testicles are deeply, horrifically sensitive to the effects of tabasco. He spent an hour dangling his red and angry self in a sink of cold water.
i am, or was, a truck driver. this man would send off his favorite drivers early off and leave me for last, with last minute cargo and expect me to reach certain destinations in an unreasonable time. upon arrival, i was told i would be dismissed(fired) for por performance. at which point i told him i knew about all the rumors he spread about me, how ive caught him drunk on the job, to go fuck himself, stick the trucj up his ass. called him a miserable man, keep the 200 dollars he owed me because his miserable ass needed it more than i did. i left close to all my cloths in said truck and he wont give
Burning down a house can cause severe burns and burns to the skin. The flames can also cause severe damage to skin and tissue. The burns can also lead to permanent damage to the body. The damage can also leave the skin vulnerable to burns for years to come.
 /u/soulcoughing97 has been dating his girlfriend for 2 weeks. He was going to show her around his town when she told him it was her birthday. He went to a craft show and bought her a bag of dog treats. She thought he was telling her  "she's my bitch " or something.
i got one good and stuck right between my front teeth. in my attempt to pull it out the (hot pink) post-it ripped, wedging its remains further into my gums. i used a plastic tea bag corner to finally push it down and out. felt some considerable tooth movement in the process. now myFront teeth don't touch.
i was sent screenshots of my 'inappropriate' use of the computers by my lecturer. My parents have been called and the college are calling a meeting. i know it's not going to end very well at all. i was just thinking that i'll get a smack on the wrist, type of thing.
 "i've been staring at my computer, occasionally glancing with disdain at my flaccid genitals, and sipping a glass of scotch as i type this up. so... let me preface this by apologizing for any errors because i'm on mobile. also a throwaway cause i'm so embarrassed. today i received a text, out of the blue, from a longtime friend. she (19) and i (19 m) have known each other since about first grade "
i put food in the microwave, leave for a minute, come back and the microwave is smoking. i panic and press the halt button, open the microwave door, and the smokes rushes it's way out. my house fucking stinks now. luckily, there was no fire, at least.
i was outside and fumbling with the doorknob for a good minute before i opened the house. then my sink faucet is kinda screwy and wouldn't give me more than a drizzle to rinse my eye. i was trying to remove the tab from the nozzle on the can. it popped out and i sprayed my eye with it.
The author was running when he realized his cat had left a turd in the middle of the living room. He then had to shit like he had never had to before. He ended up tripping over his own feet getting to the bathroom and leaving a mess of a trail.
My boyfriend is all done, and goes to shower in the only bathroom in his house. i grab my 3ds and start playing animal crossing when i feel an odd pressure in me loins. i put down my game and fly into the bathroom and unleash the shit of all shits. it was glorious.
The author ate two slices of watermelon while his wife was at work. The watermelon was crawling with ants. The author likes to think the ants only wanted that piece and not mine. The story is based on a true story about a five-year-old boy who ate the entire watermelon.
 "i got the blame. we were playing mario kart and you can't drink and drive but you have to finish your pint and biscuits before you finish a lap "  "i thought eating the digestives first was smarter but they were so dry that i coughed them out causing my friend to laugh while drinking so he threw up all over himself and my other friend's sofa "
i parked my car at the bars last night while going out with friends. two bar hops in, one of them gets a call that a bunch of people showed up at his house, so he wants to go there. i'm too drunk to drive, i have my car parked in a bank's parking lot adjacent to all the bars. i figure i'll get a ride with someone back in that direction once everything dies down. nope. no one leaves the party. everyone has to crash there.
My g500 started bugging out on me after almost 2 years of faithful service. It's a fairly common issue caused by the copper spring in the clicking mechanism deforming and losing tension. i proceed to hack my way into the mechanism, do a half-ass job of putting it back together, snapping the side-buttons panel cord in the process, ending up with a totally demolished left button and a mangled mouse. i'm so sorry, brave mouse. you deserved better.
i recently have lost a ton of weight. 100 pounds. but today was laundry day, and i was out of actual fitting boxers so i figured i'd be good with the enormous xxl boxers i used to wear. i was wrong. as i was walking, i kept pulling them up, but it was to no avail. literally just as i walked past my entire family, mother, siblings, the whole lot, my boxers fell and my man bits were out.
i've been trusting them all day long, being very cautious which lead me to being cocky and just letting them poison the air around me with the vile smell of shit and last nights stupidness. so there i was, about twenty mins ago, trusting farts. i immediately felt the warmth of shit in between my arse cheeks. running to the toilet, i let out another by accident. a little more shit followed.
i downloaded it and gave it a try. after about three swipes, it asked me to invite my friends. i thought i clicked no.  nope, instead i sent a text message to about three hundred of our friends. fucking hell....i put a post on my facebook aobut how i got  "hacked "
 " now my face looks like i head-butted the sun and stings like a bitch, " he said.  "It's like I've been punched in the face by the sun, " he added.  "That's what it feels like. It's like i've been hit with the sun "
i don't eat kfc a lot. i'm trying to loose weight, but i had a pretty bad week where i found out that i am going to need surgery on my spine. so i thought that i would treat myself to some kfc. the fillet hotbox. now i never get original as its too plain. i always always get zinger. i even order a extra fillet cause it was a hard week and i've been good. i sat down to eat and halfway through i was this taste boring and then i realised i didn't order zinger so i broke my no fast food streak of 9 months for some shm tifu.
i was eating hummus and pita crisps when i realized i needed to go to the gym. immediately after this, i started running as well. i kept on this running - farting loudly cycle for a while. then, this super cute, wearing glasses guy gets in the gym and starts laughing like an imbecile. i'm pretty sure he smelled the whole thing.
The author was asked to introduce a state senator at a family party. The senator's staff told her she didn't have to  "speak for half an hour or anything " but that she could just give  "whatever highlights from the senator's bio sheet had struck me as mentionable " After about 15 seconds it devolved into essentially  "um....and lots of other .... really ... impressive ... stuff.... "
50% though the bone and 75% around.
 "i sent my friend a message over telling him that i'm nervous and don't know what to do " he responded with  "for what? ". instead of replying to him, i replied to the girl with,  "if i get too stressed my dick won't function as advertised " she still hasn't seen it.
i have a weird cat that eats literally everything he can get his hands on. i decided to dangle a long piece (four inches) of left over gristle out of my mouth for him. He leapt way higher than i had anticipated and sunk his teeth into my top lip and the steak all at the same time. right away i knew he got me good and blood started pouring everywhere.
i got home early from work today and none of my roommates were home. i decided that i had no business being sober on a beautiful friday so i broke out the rum and beer. after a while of being drunk i was both hungry and horny at the same time. after much deliberation, the penis won out.
 "i was playing a game of league with my headphones on and couldn't really hear much. i thought it was my roommate so i didn't really give it any thought "  "i ended up telling the guy that did it next morning. he didn't remember anything and was super embarrassed "
About a year ago i had gotten a bit curious and sent an e-mail to another guy to see what would happen. not really sure what came over me at that time. i guess i forgot to delete the e-mails and now my wife found it. not sure what to do, would do anything for her. just wanna make this right.
i bought a gallon jug of arizona fruit punch. i cracked it open this morning at about 2. i drank the entire thing, then went to bed. to my horror i pissed all over myself.update: i don't have diabeetus. i'm still not sure what's wrong with me.
i work a 9-5:30 job in london. Usually i get out of work on time, and want to get home as quick as possible. The only way out of london from where i work by tube is the jubilee line. following on from that i get a met line home, usually takes about an hour.
My friends and i were driving, just smoking a bit on backroads. we were actually heading back to our apartments when we come upon a roadblock. i start having a panic attack, one thing leads to another, and i'm ticketed for possession of a small amount of marijuana. i have a court date set and i haven't told my parents yet. the cop told me i could lose my scholarship. one thing is sure: i will never, ever smoke pot again. ever.
Kanye West's new album,  "yeezus, " came out this last t Tuesday. The rapper is known for being controversial and controversial. His music has been criticized for being too risque and too mainstream. The album is more experimental than his previous work, but still has some of the same themes.
A year ago i had planned a vacation and took 5 days off of work to sit around the house and play video games. last day before my vacation i notice my unibrow is growing back so i shave it with a razor, no big deal. day 2 the area is a little sore, i ignore it, i get pimples sometimes. day 3 i see a pimple and try with all my might to bust it wide open. nothing happens and it kinda has that pulsing pain feeling. day 4 i wake up and my eye is swollen shut and the whole side of my face has gained a pound.
 "Black caramel corn tastes like shit and 2nd degree burns hurt. not a whole lot to say other than black caramel corn taste like shit "  "2nd degree burn hurt "  "Black caramel Corn tastes like sh*t "  "It tastes like crap "  "You can't eat it. You can't drink it "
i am currently vacationing in south america where feral dogs are prevalent. i love animals and especially dogs, so naturally i have a soft spot for starving ones too. recently i have been feeding these 2 really friendly dogs scraps of meat and bones with no issues at all. but one, the dominant dog of the two does not like to share and usually chases the other one away. so today i decided to give this dog a taste of his own medicine.
i'm a sub-contractor & occasionally i work for an old french carpenter. usually with him i end up just being 'the helper' because he prefers to do a lot of things himself. One day we go to a job site to replace a few doors on a house. when we get there this woman comes out and starts bitching up a storm about everything. She's the homeowner's ugly girlfriend at the time we thought she was his wife.
i do graphics where i work.production dept came to me 2 weeks ago telling me we needed to order some labels for our products. they had enough to finish the current project but needed 60,000 additional labels. business has been slow, so we need the business, but we can't get the labels for 3-4 weeks. by that time we'll be 36k short.
A friend of mine sent a drunk message to his 14-year-old sister. The conversation ended with him telling her to  "destroy her vagina " The girl was at her first homecoming. She had a laugh over it and i feel like a proud big brother.
i've never wanted to leave work to go home and shower worse than i do right now. awesome. ... precisely when a pigeon was flying and shitting overhead. landed right in the middle of my head. i've scrubbed and i've cleaned and scrubbed but i've never Wanted to leave Work to go Home and shower Worse than I Do Right Now.
i'm sitting at the lunch table at work today when the topic of gta v comes up. this girl says her boyfriend plays it a lot and goes on to describe how graphic the stripclub/sex scenes are. i then ask  "can you kill the hookers after having sex with them? "i get stares from all around. no one says anything for a few second. it turns out no one at the table has played gta before.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots. Please share your best photos of America with CNN iReport.
i am in a very new relationship with this incredible girl. we drive out to a field to look at the stars together. one thing leads to another and we find ourselves moving from the bed of the truck to the back seat. things get heated up and we do the deed. mind you that this is only the second time that we have done it. i needed to take my condom off but no way in hell was i going to do that in the dark in the backseat of my truck. well, i didn't want the light inside to turn on when i would open the door in the event that a car is passing by so instead i climbed out of the already open window. i
i am working part time and have liked a guy i'm working with for a while. eventually we start spending more time together and finally we end up at his place. he tells me to wait in the living room and he'll be out in just a sec. he leaves and i kind of just sit down really fast on the couch -- but i'm wearing a skirt, and the most horrendous fart noise is somehow created when my legs come together. it was really, really, loud and disgusting sounding. i heard him pause in the other room, and i was totally dying.
i was rushing off to the gym and remembered i hadn't taken my vitamins and supps. yet for the day. so i grabbed my magic pills, which include 2 fish oil capsules, and went to down 'em on my way out the door. i quickly realized i had already put my water bottle in the car and was in too much of a hurry to get a new drink to swallow my pills with. put the pills in your sports bra, yoga pants have no pockets and the bra will keep 'em contained for a minute or two. fast forward to 45 min. later. i'm sweating, i'm getting my pump on, guys are checking me out because i'm rocking it
jokes on me...not the case at all. management company refuses to reimburse me. gotta love nyc. the repair cost me $450. the locksmith was adamant that this happens all the time and i just have to send in the receipt and deduct it from my rent.
i was in my sociology class in college which is about racism and social classes. we were doing a class activity about being honest and not thinking about your answer. i was basically in the 1 to 3 range on all of them. then i get to muslims and i write a 6 because i am only thinking about the ones that are terrorists. people thought that i was the most prejudice guy ever. i am dropping out next week.
i got charged with burglary 4th, disorderly conduct, and another open container citation. i sat in jail for 3 days before my $25,000 bail was posted. the only decent part of that night was that i got to share a cell with my marine friend, the other people in there had a field day with our stupid arrest story.
i've been sick the past few days and have been on a liquid diet.  just an hour ago i had to fart and let it rip. right as soon as i let it out did i feel a damp spot on my underwear. i've never been able to do that before.
i was day drinking at my friends place, we were really hungover/still drunk so my mind was all wack. She works in an office for renting out apartments and has a company cell phone for when people call to inquire. She was passed out and i was on her phone texting her brother because we were going to go out for food. In my drunken state i answered? (why).. it was like i had no control, and suddenly there is a person asking all sorts of questions about the apartments. apparently all the calls are recorded, her boss somehow heard it and now i can't get her to speak to me.
 "i feel really really dumb and had to fight myself to not search her on facebook and add her, as i know (from experience and intuition) that that is not a good move "  "it just felt so perfect today and i feel like i absolutely blew it. if you have any advice for getting the sting of regret to go away, feel free to share "
i thought my room mate was going to be gone for the rest of the afternoon, so i decided to get a little freaky with myself. just as i'm getting to the best part, i hear the door start to unlock. he walked in, had the door open for a few seconds, and i just hung my head in shame, staring at the weird porn i had open. he awkwardly said  "oh " and left. obviously, i rushed to set myself right again, and headed out into the hallway.
This morning my only class of the day got cancelled and everybody in my house had already left to do their daily stuff. i figured that since i have the day i would roll two joints and relax all day. i went out on the back porch and burned that first doobie down and it was great. then i went back inside and i dont remember what happened exactly but i went up to my room and my mom came home. i have no fucking clue where that second joint is and i have torn apart myRoom and still cant find it.
My 7 year old son and his older brother had been playing outside in the back yard sprinklers on and off all day, no harm in that right? so when they finally come back inside they are completely exhausted and my 7 yearold brushes his teeth and goes straight to bed. At about 1 am he walks into my room trailing diarrhea behind him, turns out he had felt like he had to fart and let it out in bed, but it was a wet one.
Tifu at work today i needed to change my sanitary napkin and was in a mad rush.minutes after i left the restroom one of my co-workers came out of same restroom laughing showing off a pic of my bloody pad laying on the back of the toilet.
My boyfriend and i thought that it would be insanely hot to have a go in my old bedroom. Since my door doesn't have a lock, he sees his precious daughter being strangled and gagged on the bed. He flips out (understandable) throws my bf off of me, and gets ready to call the police.
i got a ticket for drag racing, which in my state is a misdemeanor class 1 on the first offence. i didn't know it was so serious until after i got home to see the penalties. i stay up at night worried and i can hardly eat. what scares me more than losing my job is i could have killed someone. and i feel ashamed for it.
i thought this will unleash a wave of drama, i should really screencap it and send it to my buddy. i did, **but i sent it to her**. so she is now asking me why did i send her a pic of her own tweet, any ideas?
i worked an 11 hour shift today and got home a bit after 11pm my time. i hadn't eaten at work because we were so busy that i didn't take a lunch break, so i was pretty hungry on account of not really eating all day. i stuck my finger in the pot and got a nice blob of grease on it, then stuck it in my mouth. i know, disgusting, but i was drunk and hungry, and wasn't really thinking things through.
A week ago, i left my boy-friend's (we're both 16) house. once home, i took a shower and my home phone rang. it was my dad. he wanted to know why i wasn't responding to his calls to my cell. i realized i'd left my phone at his house, so i grabbed my keys and went back to his house. i found my boyfriend (w/ his best friend {a girl} and his brother) scrolling through my phone. there were texts from my phone to a guy in my phone (who i'd used to of been in a relationship w/, yah) this is in example of what it was like:  "'me
Two friends were at a mall when they saw a man with a backpack going from car to car. They called 911 and 7 cop cars pulled up. The guy was just putting flyers on the cars, a friend told them. The sergeant wasn't too happy, though.
 "i woke up to the most unbearable back pain that prevented me from getting out of the car and stretching "  "i sat up and put a pillow behind my back and say the res of the ride in the most uncomfortable state i've ever been in. nine hours later and my back is still tense and my beautiful girlfriend is massaging my back "
My little brother is only 12 and a bit of a brat. His computer broke last week so our dad had to send it in for repair because it's still under warranty. When i was his age it was hard enough to get our parents to buy me new clothes let alone neat electronics or toys.
 "i am getting reported and best case scenario i am going to get scolded and warned to be kicked out of the university or i can just get kicked out for a year or two. well, i got what i deserved "  "i am taking a final, while my  "secret list " printed in font 5 is sitting under my paper. it is a good way to cheat since you most likely won't get caught "
Middle school teacher has had a very nasty head cold recently. Had a quick 1 minute breakfast of a muffin and what i thought was cranberry juice. In my haste i did not read the label of the juice bottle in the fridge and just threw it right down the hatch.
i've been going out every night to network, seek out amazing beers, and just enjoy the art of conversation with friends. my city is having their grand ol' beer week, and craft beer is the direction in which i want to turn a hobby into a career. last night, boyfriend and i are on our way to a  "bourbon, beer, bacon and beards " party at a bar. in our excitement to get there, we decided to  "get food afterwards " thanks to a few shots of makers mark and a few quickly downed glasses of lagunitas sonoma county stout on an empty stomach...never made it to food.
Last week i had been studying for two major exams i had on the thursday of that week, unfortunately, i was so busy studying that i didn't realize that i had a third exam that same day. Ended up finding out i got a 24/50 on the exam. worst part is this class is part of my major.  i feel like i'm gonna puke...
 "i was playing soccer, were all pretty good so it's really fun. one player got the ball and was running towards the goal, head first not even looking where he was going, and kicked the ball full force "  "without thinking i yelled  " nice thunder-thighs block c! " The goalie smiled because she knew i hadn't meant to be mean, and went to smack my head in a playful manor "
i have an autistic six-year-old. He is brilliant in some ways but brilliant in others. One night, while i'm out of energy, i let him watch tv until he's ready for bed. While i'm sleeping, he makes a night of watching b&b in my bedroom.
A few minutes later the bottom of my tool was burning like fire. I called my mom (a nurse) who laughed and then told me to take a shower, which seems to have done a good job of making it go away. My wifes words of encouragement were  "dumbass "
i'm a year 11 student in england. aside from doing your regular p.e. activities my school is fortunate enough to be paired with a leisure center and swimming pool. while changing i decide it would be funny to steal my friends tie and make myself a jockstrap from it. this was all in good fun you know a few friends dicking about as friends do. it was then the incident occurred... after hearing a comment about me created aJockstrap another pupil walks round the corner inquiring  "did i hear someone say jock strap? ". he then proceeded to unbuckle his trousers and drop 'em to the floor revealing his almighty man thong. its had
i just can't sit down and focus on work. i fall asleep in class even when i drink coffee and have plenty of rest. i had some medical issues, and missed like two classes, and got so far behind. will i be able to get a job? hell, do i have add (or whatever)? am i depressed? am i doomed to pump gas for the rest of my life?
i dated a girl for a year and a half and we very recently broke up. she at one point bought pink spandex for running, but they were too big for her, and since i wear compression shorts for underwear, i told her i'd take them as a joke. she gave them to me.today, before work i realized i had no clean underwear and no time to do laundry. i tore apart my room until i came across the pink shorts, and decided  "hey, these are as good as any " so i put them on and went to work.
leaving 5 minutes late = spending 20 more minutes in traffic. i didn't think it'd be a big deal to leave 5 minutes later than normal, since i normally get to work about 25 minutes early. *wrong* i arrived just a couple of minutes before clock-in time.
It's 7 am and i'm woken up by my cat mewing and pawing at me. i am half asleep and trying to get him to shut up and cuddle me when he suddenly starts getting ready to throw something up. i remember that throw up on the blankets is bad so i grab him and set him down on the floor where he can expel all the contents of his stomach that he wants.
 "i had to mop, the floor, the wall, the toilet, and believe it or not, the side of the sink, which is out of that picture "  "i can't even think about that day without retching, thought you might appreciate the story r/tifu "
We're pretty close friends. A couple of months ago we did briefly hook up one night, nothing much happened. Last week i went over for dinner, we had wines, i slept over on the couch, all good i thought. But all this week she was super distant, then today texted saying that i had freaked her out when i stayed. She's scared she has given me the wrong impression, she thinks i shouldn't sleep over any more because she values our friendship too much to risk it.
i asked him if he ever wanted to have sex with other people, i was wondering because he lost his virginity to me and both of us are fairly young and have been together for 2 years. yeah sure ive thought about it but they were fantasies that i would never want to carry out. i really don't want to fuck other guys, i just dont have any desire to. i feel like such a bitch.
something about the way his legs were laying there like a weird, floppy, frog made me laugh hysterically and it was so awkward. my laughter totally ruined the mood for like 5 minutes. poor guy. it wouldn't have happened if we weren't 69ing. nothing good ever comes when you 69. nobody ever comes.
This actually happened when i was 7? about. i have super sensitive skin and sometimes my v would itch a bunch so an easy way to make the itch go away is to pull on them. ( i think i just needed to take a shower more often because of my skin) i did this awhile and now i look like a little weird and wrinkly.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Friday for a new gallery of snapshots. Please share your best photos of the United States with CNN iReport.
Two little blue tits are curled up together in the shape of a heart, and they appear to be dead. When i try to pry them apart, gently of course, one flips its shit. full flight mode activates and it starts ramming into the window. this wakes the other one up which also decides to bombard the window, and also shitting everywhere. i eventually manage to grab the bastards and set them free outside.
i thought i could evaporate the alcohol using my torch, and just keep it far enough from the alcohol everything will be all right... not was i wrong. the glass burst and alcohol poured all over the hand holding the torch. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen.
My girlfriend brought to my attention the other day, that my nose hair has now explored outside of it's nasal cavity. last night i decided to send whiskers back into their boogery haven, i plucked a few and trimmed them. after that i  "inhaled " and snorted my own nose hairs. i've had a droopy sneezy nose ever since and i am snorting the air like i'm charlie sheen.
i had a small tingling itch right in between my man jewels. because i was wearing smooth pants, scratching on the surface would be tricky. so rather than being a normal lad by reaching in there and scratching the fuck out of that itch, i began punching the spot. i didnt know what was happening until bam! like a heel in the gonads, i slammed my fist directly into the right one. ive learned to never gamble a punch, ever.
My friends and i were riding a penny board down a hallway at school. as my friend rides down the hallway the board turns and his back and head hit the edge of a wall. he manages to get up and has a bump on his head and a huge red mark down his back, parallel to his spine. a half hour later or so he goes to the hospital to find out that he bruised his kidney, cracked a couple bones, and broke 3 vertebrate in a perfect row and has to stay in trauma over night.
i was getting a client ready for one of the stylists - she looked to be in her late sixties. as i'm shampooing her hair, i'm going through the typical small talk. asked how she was, asked about the weather, asked how her valentine's day was. she said her husband had died recently, and she spent the day crying in front of a picture of him.
i decided to play with fire in my loft in the garage. mixed about a quart of water with a little bit of gas thinking okay maybe it won't burn for very long. the container i was using was made out of clay the fucker burned for at least an hour and a half!
i'm single for a while and going on close to year without sexy times. this has resulted in some pretty epic hour plus fap sessions every few days. i finish into my hand and go to lick my hand (yeah, i'm gross, straight guy eating his own semen) and inadvertently tilt my hand as i'm bring it up to my face. it's like i'm watching in slow motion - huge pool of semen spills across the tablet, big glob lands directly on my phone, even splashes onto my headphones.
The end of his penis collided with the tip of my finger as he was doing me from behind. He told me to keep doing what i was doing. Then a few minutes after that i happen to notice blood all over the floor. i tell him to stop and we check his dick and it's bleeding everywhere.
i go walking daily. i do this for exercise (i've lost a lot of weight recently), and i sweat a lot doing so. today was no exception. i didn't realize this though. i felt wet in my legs, and in the nether regions (yeah not to be graphic but..). i was sweating through my pants. possibly the most in a while.
When i first got my drivers license it became a habit for me, that when i turn off the car to get out, i lock my drivers side door, which locks the other 3 doors of the car. 3 seconds later i heard my engine running and my brain made the connection. i live 13 miles away.
i take a lot of meds for a variety of reasons (migraines being the main issue) since i only have to take an anti-anxiety pill in when i wake up, i just count out 7 from the main pill bottle and put them in a separate bottle. i have them lined up in order on my bedside table, with the extras put away, and i usually check the label, so it's never been an issue until now.
i worked 36 hours in three days...but that's no excuse. i went to a bar with one of my managers to blow off some steam from the hectic weekend. After work, i had my girlfriend drive me back to where i parked, we were going to grab lunch and then drive back home. When i got to the parking lot...my car wasn't there. The owners of the businesses surrounding the lot said they hadn't seen it and definitely hadn't called anything in to the towing companies.
A friend of mine was arrested for possession of an unregistered sawed-off shotgun. The gun was in the trunk of his friend's car. The police officer who arrested him didn't read him his rights. He was in jail for 2 days before he could call his girlfriend.
i got pretty drunk at a friend's house. at 5 a.m., isabelle's dad woke up and smacked the guys around a bit before kicking us all out. i had to drive amber home before returning home and telling my parents that i had just woke up early because i forgot my calculator. i finished each section early and took quick naps before we were allowed continue. after one particularly refreshing nap i woke up when the test proctor told us to continue to section 5.
i use online banking to pay my cell phone bill and my tuition. i finally had money after receiving my income tax and money from my employer's bankruptcy to pay for my tuition, which would then have the hold taken off my account, allowing my marks to be released and no troubles to be had when it came time to register for next term.i checked a few days after i had made the $785.12 payment for the remainder of my tuition,. but the funds hadn't been paid off. i thought that perhaps i had just imagined doing it, but didn't actually do it. a couple days after that, i checked my phone account to see when the next bill would be due and
i was on my way to bring in the trash cans this afternoon when i saw a dust ball like figure moving on the road. i stopped it the second time with my presence and it went down the street. it traveled under one of my recycling bins and without thinking i rolled over one of it's hands and it made a loud squeal. the cat finally comes over and sniffs the mole and leaves!
i have 4 injections of insulin a day, one kind i have which is short acting i have 3 times a day. Before i go to bed every night i have an injection of lantus which is a long lasting insulin that works in the background to level out my blood-glucose levels (i usually have 40 units) over the past couple of days my blood glucose had been running high. so anyway i decide to bump my l antus dose up to 42 units and the next day i'm still high and forgetting the rule i say fuck it and push it all the way up to 46 units. and thenext day both adjustments kick in at the same time and basically it started
i was at my class before the bell rang and i was sitting there alone when i saw my friend, who is black. him and i always send each other videos and would always quote them. so i was quoting this one really funny video (i'm too lazy to post the link but if people are curious i'll link it in the comments) when i leaned over and said to him 'go back to africa!'
i'm always on my feet, lifting heavy things, up and down ladders, sweating, and being active and gross in general. i noticed there was a small (pencil eraser sized) hole in the crotch, but that's no big deal, not like anyone will see them. i knew i couldn't keep wearing them, so i had to figure out how to smuggle my panties out of the bathroom all the way back to my purse in my locker without anyone seeing. i spent the rest of the day mortified that anytime i opened my locker, my panties would fall out.
i got out of my class early, so i decided to go to the library like i usually do, but this time i was there about 20 minutes earlier than usual and there weren't any computers open. i decided i'd head to my next class and sit outside the room until class started. i get out my phone and get on reddit, while other students show up and wait outside as well. one girl enters from the exit nearest to the classroom and sees nobody inside. she approaches the door and sees a paper taped to the door informing us about the class being cancelled.
i wanted to cook sausages this morning, put too much oil in the pan because i had just woken up, thought it would be fine anyway and turned that stove up. not 5 minutes into the frying my pan bursts into flames almost burning my eyebrows off, like a ninja i turn the heat off. but then i panic and have a brain fart and don't know what to do next. so i grab the still flaming pan and throw the contents into the kitchen sink, the oil does not go out, i try to run the tap and burn my hand (i now have one half hairless arm, no real burn though) fire finally goes out and housemates are shouting at
i recently went out to las vegas to meet up with my long distance pen pal turned crush turned lover. we met up and instantly fell in love for real. only to have her turn crazy and run back to small town midwest after one weekend to return to her manipulative, closet homosexual, abusive x-fiance. i take daytime concentration pills and night time relaxation pills to cope with anxiety of being an american and feeling white man's guilt. my pills were scattered about and this morning with a slight headache i popped my morning dose.
School ends at 2:08; bus leaves at 2,15. My friend and i need to get home and his bus (at the front) was already leaving. in my district you need a pass if you are not on that bus regularly, but of course we didnt have one. i told bus driver that my friend was my german exchange student.
i was going to go to starbucks before work for my free drink, but i woke up too late to get there before work. As i'm pulling up to my house, the trash can is behind my miata, in the spot where i park my xd (today was trash day) i got out, set it aside, and parked. as i'm walking up to the house, i begin to drag it behind me, halfway in the grass/dirt mixture that passes for our front yard, and halfway on the driveway. it hits a bit of grass or dirt or something and swerves to my left, straight into the tail light on my girlfriend's civic, which is
i was at sea world and the dolphin started talking to me, attempting to persuade me to dive into the water. i eventually gave in and got arrested.never listening to dolphins again. this actually happened yesterday but anyway, anyway. thisactually happened yesterday. but anyway.
 "i had started noticing her more over the last few weeks - said hi and even im'd her a few times through the work chat system " She'd had a boyfriend so i didn't push it more than anything casual, but i found out friday that she's been single for a few months. i still felt we had more talking to do before i asked her phone number to connect outside of work.
edit: tifu twice so far that i know of. as some of you kind folks mentioned, baking powder isn't flour. i have to stop getting drunk in the kitchen... i'm not good at it. i've never been able to make a cake without using baking powder.
i got incredibly drunk last night, eventually culminating in me passing out in the middle of campus. i woke up getting arrested for underage consumption, and having to spend the night in jail. after trying to sleep for a while, i got released at around 9:30. the worst part was seeing my mom sobbing her eyes out as my parents picked me up. now i have a court date tomorrow and probably a stain on my record.
i recently began working as a waiter at a local banquet hall this month. i had just finished being trained by the other waiters and was ready to begin. The owner is a real hard nose, but it is usually no worries as he stays in his office. Today, something possessed him to stand right at the pass and critique everyone as they came and went.
i was at work recently and started feelinging ill. my stomach was really sour so i decided that a pack of peanut butter crackers from the vending machine would help, they were the near neon orange kind. after and hour i wasn't feeling any better so I decided to pack it in and go home. i leaned out the window and blew the entire contents of my stomach all over the lady's suv behind me. midstream i noticed that it was ompalumpa orange. to make it worse, she was out of windshield wiper fluid. somewhere i owe a lady a car wash.
After drinking a lot of wine with a friend, the pair needed to use the bathroom. When the door wouldn't budge, they used the keys they left in the guest bedroom. The door still wouldn't open, and they couldn't find a locksmith. The best response was  "sorry we just got to the bar...but good luck "
 "i am not a shit cones-sour or make it a habit to look at my friends shit, but you do see your own shit and occasionally shits in public toilets that idiots forgot to flush. the length, girth and the fact in was in a solid piece and did not look too disgusting made me want to share this specimen with my wife. my wife i thought could appreciate the humor. it looked like a large cucumber and went into the area of the bowl where the water drains out and reached up on the sides of the Bowl "
i was scared as hell, but surprisingly, i've been more scared. i was more scared, really just scared of my parents, when i got a referral at school as a freshman. embarrassment and shame are two much more accurate words. i've had my license since august. i live on a hill, two blocks up from the nearest flat street.
My little brother tried to play minecraft. something pops up saying  "couldn't locate java " blah blah blah. i went out and bought his favourite candy (whoopers) and wrote his a 2 page appology. when he gets home he reads the letter and asks what happened.
i drove drunk from a bar last night. lost control around a turn, skid off the road into a field. it had just rained, so my car got stuck in the mud. no one was hurt. my family and i think i'm the scum of the earth for risking what i did.
My truck spun, flipped and smashed into a tree while I was driving home from work. My truck then became friends with a tree stump causing my truck to spin, flip and smash into a trees. album im driving home, get withing one minute of my house, and promptly doze off and drive off the road. my truck then answers the call of the wild and becomes friends witha tree stump.
i was with my gf whom i havent seen in two weeks since shes been out of town. well she was very touchy/feely on me just kissing and hugging me when sure enough mr.wood made his appearance. i was wearing basket ball shorts and i am sure a lot of people saw me clearly with a hard on. a very busy park lol.
If you're like i was in high school, you thought you were real cool expressing your right to not say the pledge like the other countless sheep. lo and behold, several years, maturity, and some responsibility later, i'm asked to recite the pledge on mic in front of a crowd made up of veterans.
i was feeling in a shitty mood today, i was hungover and smoked a lot of weed last night. i was really hungry and wanted food but i was too tired to cook. a magnificent idea came to me-- let me to go the local 24/7 deli that serves amazing sandwiches! hmm. what to get. waffle fries with honey mustard and a sandwich-- chicken cutlet, swiss cheese, onion rings, barbecue sauce on a hero that's been toasted with garlic butter. yummmm right? my stomach didn't think so.
i decided to bike around shirtless on one of the hottest days of the year. i came across a group of kids and one of them said,  "put a shirt on! ". i apologized profusely, and was barely able to convince them i wasn't a pedophile. They said if they ever see me at the park again they'll call the police.
i like to give him shit for being married because we are 17. i don't know if he caught it or not but he gave me the saddest look. i felt like the worst human being in the world. because married people usually have kids... i didn't click until a minute later.
i quit my job last month due to sciatica, i proceeded to applying for jobs. i finally have an interview set up for this s Saturday. i convince myself it's a good idea to go to the gym. i do 8 reps and it was pretty hard. i attempted. ass to the grass, 90 degree for my knees and my body kept going down.
i don't know how it happened. it's been 3 days now, and i still can't wrap my head around it. you'd think a beer wouldn't be strong enough to mask the decomposing, rotting carcass of a small rodent, but you'd be wrong. it wasn't until the last drink that something came unstuck from the side of the can and tickled my pie hole. hello, mouse. what, the? fuck. judgement? blown. inebriation? check. better swallow whatever the hell this is before this night gets worse.
i walked into my bathroom to see the toilet filled to the brim with brown water... definitely a clog. i began the plunger-ing process, inadvertently spraying water all over the toilet seat and floor. when i was done, i grabbed a wash cloth that was nearby and wiped up the water then threw the towel on top of my laundry pile. i took a shower. got out of the shower. i saw in the mirror that i had some extra face wash on my face, so i *accidentally grabbed the shit rag* from the top of the laundry pile and put it onMy face. the minute i smelled that rag, i knew.
 "i sent two gift packages. one to a football player in the bay area (sf) and one to singer in la. the football player is a xxl and the singer is a size small "  "i now have to pay the shipping fee for them to ship the shirts back and then a third shipping fee to send them the correct sizes "
i was 10 when this happened. one night i was sitting on a couch with my sister and her son, my nephew (2 years old). i think we were watching tv together then suddenly my sister tells me,  "i'm going to use the bathroom so just watch your nephew while i'm there ". so once my sister got off the couch, my niece got comfortable by laying on his back on the couch. few seconds later, he was trying to get back up so he can sit properly to drink his milk. at the moment i was 'watching' him go through the process of getting up and he fell off. our living room floor was polished wood so right when he hit the floor
i have a huge foot fetish and i instantly notice her cute matching green toenails. i don't know what possessed me, but i take my phone out and before i knew what i was doing i point them at her feet and take a photo. i've never done this before, and goddammit now i've perpetuated the stereotype about creepy foot guys. as soon as my floor comes up, i get the fuck out of there asap.
i'm never trusting women who are too easy even in my dreams anymore. i had a fucked up dream where i was travelling on a train where two mysterious girls offered to have sex with me. even in the dream i was suspicious. but i was still thinking with my cock, so i invited them to my house (which was somehow on the train). while there, suddenly a guy and his friends who claimed to be their boyfriends arrived, and demanded my money. i made a run for it and they were chasing after me when i woke up.
i'd just gotten home from work. i was in standing in the alley, puffing away contentedly on the odds-on favorite cause of my inevitable eventual demise. i lifted the slimy, plastic lid off the hulking metal oven, stumbling slightly back from the unspeakably foul emanation of hot-ass garbage that belched into the blazing august afternoon. i stared dumbstruck at the still-lit stub of the cigarette that remained  tucked comfortably between the index and middle fingers of my right hand. with mounting horror, i opened my left hand. until mere seconds ago, they had reliably held any number of things, the most recent of which were the keys to
i thought i would be sexy and send my boyfriend some naked pics of myself via text. seemed like a good idea until i never heard back, so i called the next day and asked if he had seen them. he was shocked when i told him i sent him some and he then discovered he never got them. this then lead to the investigation of where the pics ended up....well i founds them. i sent them to my mother.  i successfully deleted the evidence from her phone only after hours of panic.
Astonishment as he learns how to jump off a bridge with a rope. The rope has 3 huge knots about 3 inches apart near the bottom, and 3 smaller ones after. The knot at the bottom also hit me in the chest, making the whole left side of me bruised. The last, huge, about the size of 2 softballs goes through my ass.
i am stupid in the morning. i woke up at 5:55 am got dressed and was out the door by 6:20am. instead of me turning on the defroster in my car and waiting the 5 minuets, good ole esquireking decided that he could scrape the ice off faster with some help from his trusty car keys. i did such a good job scraping the ice ice off that i permanently scratched my front windshield now every time i see other drivers headlights, i have a nice reminder about my stupidity.
My boyfriend and i have been going strong on a diet for a few months now. He went out with his buddies last night and left me home alone. It was a perfect chance for a super secret cheat day, but nothing in the house was worthy of the occasion. i decided to go to mcdonald's and order the most ridiculous thing possible.
i was so excited about going into the hot tub i just jumped right into thehot tub with my iphone 4.... and as a broke college kid i can't afford to replace it.edit: i guess i should also add i was drunk as hell when this happened.. but still. i fucked up.
i had been living with my parents for a few weeks because i was evicted from my apartment. mum and dad were getting sick of my shit, and dad had told me that if i was to spew in the house one more time i would be out on the street. so i pulled out my body spray and sprayed the entire can out onto the carpet. this made the floor very damp and i thought i could dry it out with the vacuum cleaner.
i neglected to check the toilet at work today which i normally do. i turned around to find someone's cum and piss on the back of the toilet. i took that shirt off and scrubbed the fuck out of the one spot then cut off my hands. burning this tainted uniform when i get off work.
i took a luxurious bath then left the most important aspect of it in plain sight. my parents found it and threw it away. i don't think i could use it in good conscience knowing that they know i have it. i can only hope that they don't decide to confront me about it.moral of the story, don't leave your fucking sex toys out.
A couple years ago, my buddy and i were sort of like  "biker boys " only thing was he had a very decent honda 600 and i had some bullshit dirt bike straight out of the mass production factories of sri lanka. One day we are riding around and ended up meeting some girls chilling by the lake and picnicking. We start chatting it up with the girls and are actually making nice progress. Suddenly, the one who i'm talking to asks me to take her for a quick ride.
The writer was awoken at 5am by a sneeze that sent him stumbling and landing on his ass. He now hobbles everywhere because of his bruised ass cheek and the bathroom needs hosing. But at least he was already going to have a shower, so i guess there's that.
i was cleaning the lid of my coffee tumbler with about 3 tablespoons of baking soda and two cups of vinegar. sealed it up (contigo vacuum seals and can spray boiling steam out when you first use it), shook it real good for about a minute to loosen up the mold. The cap exploded into the ceiling.
i was sitting in my room when i heard the low drone of what could only be a fly in my bedroom. i immediately spotted it hovering near the floor, just buzzing around my room like a lazy bastard. i jumped up, slammed the door shut, and was determined to smite it like the hand of god before it got away. and i did! but not quite successfully. i slapped it out of the sky, only to be promptly stung by a (rightfully) angry honeybee. now, my hand it swollen, itchy, and there's a bee with a taste for blood loose in my house. tifu.
A friend of mine was having a  "my mom is away for the weekend " party at her apartment. She had lit a candle because our lighters were going out. He told the other 2-3 people that were in the room to blow the candle out when they leave the room so that its not unattended. He went into the other room to check. The bed was on fire.
i decided to let my cat in to come sleep with me. for the first hour, everything is fine and great, she's sleeping fine. then she suddenly gets up and starts dry retching. i think, its just nothing oh well, but then boom. chunky bits of wet-food vomit all over my floor and bed-sheet. had to quickly get stains off the carpet before they set in (i used windex on the carpet which actually worked). one night i'll never forget.
i got up on time, but was preoccupied with getting her some photos loaded onto a usb, and wound up leaving for the airport late. she got there half an hour before the flight left, but because she hadn't online checked in, she wasn't allowed on the flight, and had to pay $1600 to rebook the same flight for tomorrow. i basically paid her $1800 to get her back, since that was the most important thing.
i thought it would be cool to be able to change my own oil. i finally decided today was the day. only i didnt drain my oil, i drained my transmission fluid. well it was the wrong one. go get the right pump and more oil, finish up 8 hours after i started, learned a lot.
i decided to make myself a cup of tea to fight off the mid-evening snooze and get focused for the night ahead. instead of being a non-dumbass and just not making any tea, i decided it would be a better idea to search for an alternative drinking vessel to employ for the job. the only remotely cup-worthy receptacle to be found was an apple sauce jar of dubious age. upon further inspection, there were still congealed chunks of congealing demon-bile floating around in the tea water. i ran to the bathroom and promptly vomited into the shitter. i stood up and looked myself in the eye in the mirror
The writer had to work 8 hours despite having a hangover. He ran out of the office to vomit in the parking lot. The writer says he's never been able to get over his hangover since. He says he has been called out for calling out too much at work.
i honestly felt like i was invincible since it was friday... i fucked up when i decided to act like I was invincible too. so here i am on a work site in the middle of a cul-de-sac with only a port-a-potty as a bathroom... i need to shit bad but i can't use the nasty  "butt hut ", it is absolutely nasty. so i hold it... i mean it's friday, i can hold out to shit in the comfort of my own home.
i really don't know if this is the correct place to post this since it actually has a happy ending for me. i found a job only 2 days after losing my old one with the misogynist slave driver. it has good hours, good pay, amazing benefits and nice people. so, really i guess this was a good fuck up.
A woman we work with is coming back on monday after being out of the office for a few months to give birth. Since it's friday and things are pretty slow, someone starts passing out balloons and saying  "let's all blow up balloons and put them in her cube! " i am given five balloons and instructions to meet over at her cube in a few minutes. Normally i'd be happy to help out, i've just started at this job and want to shed my skin of being the dude who's always quiet.
i was determined to ask her out quickly so she wouldn't get bored. i abstained from fapping during this time, so i could be sure i would be led to victory. i accidentally hit the girl i like in the fucking eye with my elbow. she covered her face in her hands for like a minute, and i was kind of stunned, i couldn't even apologize.
i work at a desk. after sitting with clients all morning, my back was really hurting, and i needed somewhere to stretch it out. i first tried to do it standing up in the bathroom, but those stretches didn't reach the right muscles, so i knew i needed to lie down. i did it underneath a big conference table because no matter where you walk, you can't see underneath it, unless you're bending down. it was awesome; after a few minutes, my muscles finally relaxed, which felt amazing. i still had like 45 minutes left, and no one had bothered me. so i thought  "what the hell, " and decided to close my eyes [edit] and sleep
i was walking to get my car, which just had it's tires rotated at kal tire. just beyond half way, my tummy got sore. i thought i had to piss, but no, a little further and i realized i was about to shit my pants. i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight.
i live in a basement apartment and my landlord and friend lives in the house upstairs with two small dogs. She took a trip for a week and i agreed to watch the dogs. The smaller one, which was only about 6 months old and about four pounds at the most, got sick a few days before she left. i agree to keep an eye on her and take her to the vet if needed.
i was going from my sophomore year to my senior year so my summer was way busier than expected. my school has a senior project where we need to work with a mentor on some sort of project and i choose to do photography. i only have two and a half hours of feildwork hours and 1 page done and i need to hand in 11 pages in 10 hours time.
My dog ate a condom while we were having sex. I had to pull it out of his ass. He looked at me in horror. I'm not sure why he thought that was a good idea. He's not the only one who's had to do it.
i was in year 10 (which was last year) and it was a t Tuesday. my timetable for tuesdays in year. 10 was: double science* break. double music* math* lunch* english* english classes. i got through double science and was really psyched for music (as i am a keen musician and it. was an excuse to play guitar for 100 minutes straight). i was in the top practice room with two people in my class. let's call them bob and sarah. sarah, at the time, had a huge crush on me and was constantly hugging me and whatnot. i have a weak bladder. in fact, weak doesn't even begin
My friend opened a store recently so my friend (not the store owner) and i decide to stop by and check some things out. as we walk up to the counter i notice a purse sitting on the floor so i immediatley say   "hey i think some lady left her purse here! " and i pointed at it. no one said anything for the first few seconds. then one of the guys who were standing at the counter said  "that's mine "
As i was on my way back from my internship, i get off the bus to head to the train station. very normal, blasting my metal as usual. As i go to cross the street to the station i can't see what's coming to the left of me because there is a bus in the way. so i just continue walking like normal. i notice everyone is kinda looking at my like wtf and i am halfway across. when i look the left  and there is an ambulance headed straight for me. of course i run out of the way but now i am that guy. my music was too loud to hear the sirens and now my shame is paying for it.
i put a bottle of purple nail polish in my pocket expecting to paint my nails on the hour long drive i had to make, while my boyfriend drove. the lid had not been fully tightened leading to spillage inMy pocket, which led to my thigh, and eventually my poor, poor vagina.
i have never been so sick in my entire life. well, it was actually in the 6th, but it's still haunting me. we went out for cinco de mayo, and i warned him that tequila and i don't get along, but him and my coworker kept bringing me free drinks. can't let them go to waste right?
i've been looking for an engineering co-op for months and i finally heard back from two companies in one week! got an offer from the first but was still waiting to hear from the second so i emailed them back. i don't think it would be wise of me to make a commitment quite yet and i am just making sure i am fair with the other employer. "
Tifu got his dream job 1.5 months ago and already missed a day of work. Tifu's boss already had a  "talk " with him 1 month in, and i told him it would never happen again. The moral of the story: **never sleep in again.**
i've got this heat rash in both of my armpits and elbowpits. so i go into my bathroom and bust out the cortizone 10 right? nope. i smeared icyhot all over and its still burning. i've got to go to bed.
i had my last of 6 finals and decided appropriate celebration was necessary, so i called up some of my friends to go smoke some weed.  after smoking, of course, came the munchies, and i didn't have much in my room except for some burger buns. so i go up to my room and grab the buns and bring it back down to my friend's room where i begin to open it, until one of my friend says,  "dude, why are the bun green and fuzzy? "  i look down, and to my horror, my buns look more like dead tribbles than burgers. i had had those buns since spring break (aka
i saw the commercial saying  "squirt a little or a lot " and i wanted to try to use the entire package (meant for 24 servings) for my bottle of water. needless to say i drank the entire thing, it was disgusting, but i didnt want to pour $3 into the sink, so i forced myself to do it. 2 hours later and my stomach hurts like fuck, i vomited twice, and my teeth hurt like hell. beyond fucking sweet.
Theater director doesn't even think performing at benaroya hall (in seattle) is a good enough reason to miss one rehearsal. i hate to upset them at the theater, but i've done a considerable amount of charitable work for their benefit. i have an idea for a plan to get replacements for the stage production, as i pretty much can't just cancel the prom.
i haven't smoked weed for around three years, since my uni days and even then i was a pretty light user. so, second date with a guy i really like. we meet for lunch, which is entirely liquid, and i get quite tipsy. he suggests we go back to his. we sit in the garden, drink some more and smoke a spliff.
 "i cant stop crying my eyes out. i can't stop crying, " she said.  "I just want to be with my family, " she added.  "i want to see my family again. I love them so much. I just want them to be here with me "
i hid my new relationship as i knew it would hurt her and i did not want that. i think i've not only hurt her but i've broken her trust as well. it really sucks as it was a friendship i valued even though for the intricate past and probably also because of it.
i decided to analyze a list of most used words on /r/tifu, seeing as it would be interesting. here goes!.
After a night of drinking, Mike was too drunk to drive home. He called a cab to take him home, but the driver dropped him off at a strip mall. The cab driver then threw him out of the car and refused to pick him up. Mike then called his boss to get the cab company's number and got a different driver.
i received a message yesterday evening, while at work, that potential renters were coming to view my apartment. i thought to myself alright cool, i'll just have to remember to put away my stash. the next morning rolls around and there i'am watching t.v., taking a rip out of my bong, when i hear a knock at the door. i immediately remembered that they were coming, and scramble to put everything away before they walk in. still holding in the hit, so that i can strategically blow it out where they might not go.
i am 16 years old and i sleepwalk a lot. the first time it happened i was about ten years old. my mom, dad, brothers or sister will find me somewhere, usually in the kitchen or the basement of all places, just standing there. when they wake me up i am always so confused that i'll say random things like:  "i was just resting " or  "i wanted to make sure x was okay with y "
i love this chocolate called bounty which is very sweet and i cannot get enough of, so i manage to eat two bars after a very heavy lunch. bare in mind i don't feel the need to drop a deuce so just spend my night gaming to my hearts content. halway through halo i feel the. need to dropped a nuclear bomb and so i walk upstairs to drop said bomb. only to my horror find my sister has occupied the bathroom. after nearly an hour and a half of waiting i let out the fiery coconutty deuce from my poor little asshole.
i posted the e-mail i recieved from her in the original thread. i posted the message i received in the original thread as well.
This morning i came into work bright and early, like any normal day. After a morning cigarette and a cup of coffee, my anal cavity was looking for some sweet relief. unfortunately, i can't really fap in the seated position. i'm a stander, or laying down, and there was no way i was lying on the bathroom floor to beat my dick for rent. so, of course, i chose to stand. i grip the sink, lean my weight in, and start furiously tugging like an adolescent teen who just learned about fapping. here it comes.
i'm not huge on driving. it's not like i'm bad or anything, it's just not my thing. i about got stuck, and started to panic, because i had left my phone to charge. so i was revving it pretty hard, not knowing what else to do and could hear tiny rocks hit what sounded like the back windshield. i finally got out, and began driving back thinking it would all come off by the time i got home. lo and behold, it didn't. i wiped some off in the garage, and got mud spots everywhere, and then realized it was way worse. this wasn't just mud, but mud shrapnel. a mixture of mud and
i was driving home from college, its about a 6 hour drive. along the way i had sudden urge to take a shit. i stop at the next reststop only to find that it was closed. luckily there was a porta-potty for me to use. i take care of my business and get up to wipe. during my first wipe the door swings open, mid-wipe, hand in butt. shit...that was awkward.
i forgot to remove the wax paper from one of the crusts before making and baking the pizza. me and my family were halfway through the pizza before anybody noticed. i must have eaten about about a notebook-sized sheet of wax paper.  i forgot to take the wax off the pizza crust before baking it.
i was just dropping off to sleep and was holding my erect dick as i dropped off.unfortunately i had that moment as you teeter on the edge of sleep where you feel like your falling.by body, acting as reflex, jerked my legs and arms causing me to yank my cock hard as hell and slapping my bollocks around in the process.luckily no lasting damage was done and i cracked 5 out the next day just to check.
i'd forgotten how scatter-brained i get when i don't take my ritalin. every time i had to pull my waist up, i'd get depressed thinking of how i'm wasting away like christian bale in the machinist. this morning i noticed my typically snuggest jeans fit much looser.
The ashes of her dog were finally brought home. Her dog had been part of her family for 16 years. i asked why it took 2 weeks to cremate. in retrospect it was a very dumb question to ask when the wound is still so fresh. I'm so sorry.
My girlfriend and i were in the throes of passion and we decided to switch positions so she was on top. as we were moving about, somehow i managed to nail her very hard in the mouth with my knee. it ended badly but less than an hour later we tried again and that time there was no unintentional injuries.
i'm fairly certain that i will never live this down in my entire life. within several hours, my privates had swollen sickeningly and i was thus forced to pack up my camping gear and admit myself to an emergency room.  it's been a week, and i still cannot sit down without extreme pain and the itchiness is unbearable.
i was having lunch with some friends and this kid tagged along. he told some joke to my friend and he laughed. i decided i'd mess around with him so i went really close to his face and said  "did you hear about the one that involves me and your mom in bed together? " and here's the worst part. i gave him this really serious stare to add dramatic effect. the kid just sat down and didn't say anything after that. after lunch i asked my friend why everyone acted so strangely after the thing i said, and he told me the kid's mom died when he was a kid. i felt so fucking bad.
i came home from class an hour ago and found my dog sleeping in the middle of the kitchen floor. when i went to check on him the first thing i noticed was that he had dried blood smeared around his lips. i checked every corner of the house and came up empty, but when i reached the bathroom, a sudden feeling of dread came over me. there was blood and cotton everywhere.
i had a very short fling a few months back which i ended as tactfully as i could. i am not remotely attracted to her anymore. d kept hitting me up periodically and i have been keeping my distance but staying polite. i decided enough time had passed maybe i can be friends with her. It wasn't too long before d starts overtly flirting with me and saying things like she just wants casual sex and she is done with relationships etc.
My cousin and i ended up getting extremely whiskey drunk last night and i allegedly walked into her room and started pissing on her night stand while she slept less than a foot away. they about kicked me out this morning. luckily i was able to stay. about a month ago i moved in with my uncle and he has his mother staying with him to take care of her.
i ate most of the nachos but felt like i was on fire. i went to the bathroom to see if i could get rid of the smell. i could not. it was the smell of burning flesh. i had to finish the rest of the meal in the sink.
16-year-old shy boy finds out his best friend has feelings for him. She says she doesn't know what to do, and probably won't ever speak to him again.  "i can't eat, i couldn't sleep yesterday, i feel sick and dizzy, and i really just need some help "
Today is a bank holiday in ireland and i traveled a few hundred kilometres this morning just to find out that my unit is closed, along with all shops, malls and banks. three hours and 12 euros wasted travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar. i'm sorry.
i was looking for a roommate. my previous roommate left, leaving me with the rent. the rent was close to $1,000 total and i felt guilty and couldn't find anyone i knew to fill the place. i posted an add on craigslist. one chick said she was from canada and was looking. for a place where i live. i told them the room is open. i sent my phone number to see if she wanted to talk.  "she " sent photos of  "herself " so i did the same as well. then she told me that she would send a cashiers check. i ddi some research and it is a scam. i will be recieving
i got into the shower today prior to going to my ex-girlfriend's house to drop off her shit, followed by a trip to my mother's for birthday cake. in an attempt to not breathe any in, i inhaled... quickly. i vacuumed a large portion of suds directly into my trachea. i'm still coughing at random intervals due to this incident, 5 hours later.
i miscalculated, turning in too close to the right side of the garage. i scraped the entire passenger front side door and dented it pretty badly. i had to make the most awkward phonecall of my life, explaining how their car was damaged. now i have to wait for them to get back and show them what i've done. i also gave their daughter herpes.
i went to prom with my girlfriend and an ex-boyfriend. By the end of the night, i was flirting with the other guy. He didn't want to take me back. i am literally the worst person in the world for doing this to my girlfriend.
 "It burned all my nipple hair off then stung like a bitch after i flicked. a friend told me it was supposed to feel nice; it didn't. it burned all the hair off and it was painful, " she said.  "It was like burning a piece of skin with a hot poker, " she added.
i was probably about seven at the time, no fucking clue how i managed to reach the socket. i decided  "i'll test if the socket is working! " and shoved three or four fingers into the socket of the lamp. my entire arm felt like bees. twice. the room smelled just as you'd expect, burning flesh.
i'm just your regular high schooler in an all-girl's gym class. this week we were playing flag football, and man, i get into the sports we play. as do the other girls. so, we're on the third down, yellow team has the ball and i'm on the red team playing blocker. yellow team hikes it and hands it off to some chick who goes backwards and tries getting around everyone. three second rule is up and i fucking dash for her. my forehead connects with her shoulder and my neck hyper-extends backwards and i can hear my neck crack several times. i take two steps and collapse right on the spot. dizziness, sudden migraine,
My wife was watching a show shes never watched but it said something about gymnasts. It was this crap show about some high.school gymnastic team. For some dumb reason i start talking to the baby,  "mom watches stupid shows " Now she is super depressed, wont even turn on a tv, she didnt do her nightly p90x which she loves and has been crying off and on all evening.
i have been using the same razor for about 8 months now. my dad asks me who's razor have i been using to shave. i go to the bathroom and show him it. he bursts out laughing.  "that's your mothers razor, shes been using that to shave her legs and  "other parts ". " i fucking died on the spot.
World history has been my absolute downfall all year. i just don't fucking get it. i have about 12 hours to study without sleeping or 8 with 4 hours of sleep. i really fucked up and i'm trying to study but its not working. i'm really starting to freak the fuck out.
i didn't know i'd freak out and yell out to the whole bar that i was on molly. i'd never done molly before! i had just gotten off work and all of my friends were there, about half of us took it. can't even remember most of the night. whhhyyyyyyy god why did i take it? and right before rent day? what is wrong with me???? and my roommate isn't going to be my roommate anymore because our apartment got fleas. i really, really fucked up.
The. title says it all ;(. The title says the all;(. It's a great story, but the ending is a little sad. It ends with a cliffhanger. The ending is sad, but it's a good story. The end is a good one.
i forgot to put on my belt and of course i was wearing the most loose fitting pair of shorts i own. due to the rain i had to collect and stack all the chairs on the porch of the pool area. my boss and the local letter carrier were standing at the window overlooking the patio. i lifted up a chair and everything came down. turned around to see my boss with a shocked/wtf look on my face.
The worst relationship i ever had in my life damaged me for years. i was still in denial of her whoreness. She got well and truly lost. While i was on the phone with her i got a call from a mate of mine. He called me 2-3 times as for whatever irrelevant reason, he really needed to talk to me. i went to send my mate a text message to explain my ignoring of his calls. only to realise i had sent it to her.
 "i was browsing [this] post and then i heard a little  "crack crack crack crack... " sound, i just brushed it off and went  "i'll fix it later... " then 5 seconds later bam my jaws slammed right into my desk and i slammed my ass on the ground with the chair "
i've been accepted to do an exchange in england, and have been meaning to apply for a bursary. i had plenty of time to finish, and was planning on submitting it about 1 or 2:00 in the morning of the day it was due. so, at around 12:20, i go to the website to download the pdf form i need to fill out, annnd it's gone. i missed it by 20 minutes.
i am currently trying to take differential equations and linear algebra in the summer. however, due to the school swapping around classes at the last minute, i now have to drop linear algebra.  i then decide to take organic chemistry.  however, i have to take the lab and the class together, which means i must drive around trying to find a store with carbon copy lab notebooks because thursday is a lab day. i then finally get the book, and turn around to go to class. i type in the address into google maps, and the navigation tells me to continue straight on a road.  while i am piecing together what to do in the intersection, i unknowingly drifted a
My group of friends became small over the past year - moving away, getting into new relationships, graduating, etc. i basically only had one friend left in this town, and became increasingly isolated and depressed. Today i was feeling shitty and very depressed and broke it off. Now i'm no longer feeling as shitty and wondering why the fuck i would do that.
http://waltherpragerandphilosophy.blogspot.com/2013/05/overloaded-moments.html http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/features/2013-05-26/overload-moment-walther-prager-and-philosophie.html
A group of sophomores went on a class trip to an amusement park. Two of the friends ran ahead and got caught by a security guard. They had to sit in a security booth all day, or call one of their teachers. Their homeroom teacher was furious and said they would talk about it tomorrow.
i stayed home from work because of my dbs (dead booty syndrome) technically cause i pinched my sciatic nerve and my legs, glutes, and knees go numb. so, i text my girlfriend that. so she gets worried and comes to see me. we break out into a love making session on this hot ass day. it was great. i'm ignoring the fact that the doctor said no exercise. so i cum, switch to another condom, then she comes, we stop. i keep the condom on cause she's ready to leave (her parents think she's at work) she mentions not having enough gas so i refused to let her leave until she allowed me to
i was at a relay for life event with my family and all of our family friends (many of which i don't know or don't remember) my sister, who teaches math in a high school, is talking about one of her students who didn't know the capitol of our state. i basically said  "wow your students must be very special kids " then everyone got quite and glared at me. that's when i remembered that my sister teaches mathematics to special ed. students. many of those  "family friends " i didn't recognize were parents of herStudents. so, tifu by insulting a group of special needs students in front of their parents. really i just fucked up by
A man in boulder, Colorado shits his pants after eating buffalo wild wings. There was no toilet at the base of the trail, so the man had to use leaves to wipe. The man then went home and showered for a good 20 minutes before going back on the trail.
i was trying to get water into my office when a coworker was knocked unconscious. She suffered a broken nose, concussion, fractured scull, and some brain damage. She will be doing a full recovery and should have no scars. i wanted to go see her in the hospital, but she doesn't want to see me.
A recent lack of fiber in my food, my shits are more and more liquid and so forth. i decide to let 'er rip. my ass fires off a blast at point-blank into the towel, and three drops ricochet and hit the carpet. i go back to the toilet, clean myself off, dress and go to work.
A friend and his friends decided to put on a big fireworks show on the beach for the fourth. They decided to go all out, and when its all said and done we end up with $868 worth of mortars. The nineth had a longer fuse, and got knocked over by the other eight blasts. It fell pointing straight at the croud of 40 or so people watching.
i have like a little rant folder in documents, which is labeled "bitches ". basically, i write letters to people that annoy me without the intention of sending them. my grandma snooped through my laptop (which is in the kitchen), found my document and read it. instead of apologizing, i just shrugged my shoulders, went to my computer and shut it down. she noticed how apathetic i was because the next thing i knew, i heard a mixture of blubbering and crying as i walked up the stairs.
My so and i spent the weekend at his family's cabin. The cabin is located in a rural, wooded area in the mountains, so bugs and wild animals are quite plentiful. It is not unheard of to find an ant infestation, some rat/mice droppings or even a dead critter.
Young redditor (16) was watching porn last night when his phone froze. His mom took away his phone and grounded him for the rest of the summer. He now uses his brother's phone instead of his own to watch porn. He is currently in the process of getting a new phone.
It took me a good while to research before making the first powerpoint slide. When i finally submitted it to our group compiler, he told me i answered the wrong case discussion. i was disappointed since i made the first one really awesome. :or. :/
It's  "today " i fucked up, not  "thursday " or  "two weeks ago " or 'ten years ago " It's today. today i screwed up. seriously, it's  "Today " i messed up. It's not  "Thursdays " it's just  "today ". It's just today.
i sent his pediatrician a snapshot of his sliced willy upon which she immediately said  "pack him up, the way it's positioned it could easily de-glove " He got three stitches, a shitty sugar-free popsicle he refused to eat, and a bitching scar in the making.
i saw this girl who wanted to stop having sex. we were at her place talking and everything was fine. she for unkown reasons then decided to climb on top and strip me naked in less than 5 seconds... after having sex for awhile and switching positions. her legs were wrapped around me. this caused me to pull out a few seconds later...halfway through ejaculation.i freaked and was pissed but was mostly my fault should of been smarter.
My son is very hyper active. My wife and i do our best to take him out and run out his energy. Its 4th of july- he is excited and 4. we decide to stay home and get our own fireworks. my wife hates this idea because she worries about fire, burns, etc... i assure her nothing is going to go wrong.
i brought a hundred bucks to a casino yesterday. i was looking to kill some time in the air conditioning on my day off. as expected, i lose my money after a few hours and before i leave i go to the player's club kiosks to see if i had earned any comps or entries to drawings.sure enough, i had 4 entries to win a boat and a comped steak and lobster dinner. wonderful!  i was hungry and the comp expires the same day it's issued, so i went to get my surf n' turf. after the meal, i gave my voucher to the cashier and she thanked me. that's when i realized i didn't leave a
A group of friends asked me to join them at a university party. They were being followed by a wierdo who wouldn't leave them alone. We told them we would meet them later that night at the party. We stayed at the festival another hour looking at modern art and walking around pretty much doing nothing, the group seperated from us anyway.
 "oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary "  "You should have been more careful "  "Use a dictionary! "  "You shouldn't be using translate "  "Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't mean to offend you "  "I'm so sorry. I'm so so sorry "
i was due this morning to give an important presentation to a society i help run and i made the mistake of drinking heavily last night. i was massively hungover but still managed to get through the majority of the presentation without problem. then as i was reaching my concluding section, i felt the need to fart. the room was fairly loud due to the equipment and the music i had running, so i decided to risk it and let rip. it was only about a second after that i realised it wasn't a fart, it was shit. only the fact i was in a skirt rescued me from humiliation, as it meant the lump in my pants was hidden. after the presentation finished i ran to
i was singing  "this girl is on fire " to my friend nathan over and over again just for shits and giggles and he responded  "i'm not a girl " since he's jewish and it's a huge part of his life and how he identifies himself, i decided to be funny and say  "this jew is onFire " i was halfway through singing fire when i realized what i said...
My brother in law has to sit next to her every game. they're my brother in laws season tickets. which means he has to sitting next to me every day. I don't know how he manages to do it but he does it. I'm so proud of him.
 "It was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, " she said.  "Now I feel like I'm going to die, " she added.  "It was horrible. It was terrible "  "I'm so glad I'm not pregnant, " he said,  "because I would have died "
This happened when i was in 2nd grade and i still cringe about it. i saw this asian kid and decided to make friends with him. i noticed he had small eyes. my eyes were small too but not as small as his. so i walk up to him, smile and say * "hey look, i can make my eyes look just like yours "* then i stretch my eyes with my fingers. i think the kid just walked away.
i made the ill-thought idea to dump my girlfriend only a couple hours after her friend died in a hit-and-run. i really didn't want any confrontation, so i ended up taking her back. so now i have a girlfriend that i don't want, plus i have to help her grieve. yay me!
This is from my phone. sorry in advanced for any spelling. Today i was watching insidious at my house with a guy i have a crush on. we had been eating pizza earlier, and i forgot that chicken bacon ranch pizza gives me the worst shits. i quickly excuse myself, go to the bathroom, shit, and then change. he asked if we wanted to hang out again tonight! maybe it wasn't as bad of a fuck up as i thought!!!
My family is visiting, and   "frank " is staying at a house not far from mine while his mother  "ethel " was in the other bedroom. he left and i totally forgot his mom was in a other room when i looked at my grampa and said :  "i have never seen someone smoke so many cigarettes! how is he alive!  " im hoping she forgets.
i was lying on my futon watching family guy and bored. i was playing with the remote by slapping it on my stomach and after 10 minutes of doing so i missed my tummy some how and slapped my balls really hard. i then realized i had hit my stomach.
A friend's cousin and her friend go to the bathroom and we are all waiting on them. i get tired of waiting and walk into the bathroom to see what's going on. naturally they're shocked to see me in the woman's washroom but i'm drunk so fuck it. i ask for her number and she says yes gives me a number and right when i finish injesting the number into the phone i said a name aloud that sounds similar to hers but it clearly wasn't. after that we parted ways and i haven't heard from her since.
My grandmother was having a christmas party for people at the state house, her place of work, and for the future speaker of the house. After the party had started moving into the main room, we decided to go into one of the back room closets where the items i had ordered were put so they wouldn't get in the way of the party. We went into the closet, closing the doors and locking them. eventually, they came to the locked closet and and tried open it, so my friend decided to open the door to the closet. my grandmother introduces her  "grandson and his two friends " to the former president of a major east coast university. it took us about a
i knew he was going to find out eventually, and now it happened. even though they said i had one year of college in which i could procrastinate, the fact that i didn't tell them about my grades just turned a mediocre situation into a shitty one. my mother doesn't know, but she might cut me some slack. i hope.
About an hour ago, i went to bed and decided to spank it a bit. after i finish, i'm making sure my alarm is set, and i realize that my door is cracked just enough to be able to see through it. my parents' room is beside me, and they haven't gone to bed yet, so they probably frequented the hall a few times. this sucks.
A month ago i posted about a shitty advising appointment. well...things just got a lot worse. the university (at least, the student finances department) is threatening legal action against me. in which case i probably shouldn't be posting this anywhere on the internet, but i'm an idiot, so what the hell.
i am a guy who is obsessed with wearing all kinds of women's clothing, makeup, high heels, and anything else you could possibly imagine.  so there i am, watching a movie in the front room while wearing 6-inch heels and a particularly slutty low-cut dress with my tits exploding out the top. i know i'm good on time because my room mate doesn't get off work for 5 hours, so naturally the door opens and my roommate walks in. We stare at each other a few seconds before i force out of my mouth,  "weeeeellllll, this is awkwarrrrd... "  she then laughs and says,  "damn
i decided to listen to rain and thunder noises to calm myself and fall asleep easily. i didn't want to get up, but an hour and a half later i got my ass out of bed and put on my glasses. i can't actually hear when it starts raining. so for an Hour and a Half it poured outside with rain coming in my open windows in buckets, *soaking* my coach and sitting on the hardwood floor.
i tend to get creative late at night, so tonight i remembered the can of fluorescent spray paint i still had lying around.when i open the cap i accidentaly break the little noozle. after i examined the situation i was sure, that i could handle this and just placed the broken parts against each other and began spraying.needles to say, how stupid this idea was. the remaining end of the nozzle got stuck in the can and now it won't stop spraying. the whole can emptied in maybe 30 seconds, so all i could do was to wrap it in a t-shirt, what didn't help very much. now everytime i turn off the lights everything starts to
After leaving the bar last night, the so and i had to find a washroom. me being a shit drunk guy, i opted to go round behind the bar. she said it was a bad idea, and didn't want to. but i went anyway, and as i extole the benifits of public urination in dark alleys, i hear  "can you stop pissing on me please... " in a sad, drunk and frankly to polite of a voice.
i still live with my parents and have a fetish for forced feminization and crossdressing. so, i recalled that my parents were out of the house (big house, didn't bother to check) and i dressed up, did my makeup, put on a wig and strap a ball-gag in my mouth, and started fapping. i'm almost finished, so i pay no attention to my surroundings, as my father bursts in my room, and i blow my load. i glance at him, almost shit my pants, and he just stares at me for a while, and leaves. i undress and stay in my bedroom for the day and in the evening, dad comes
i brought sun screen, but it was the spray kind. i didn't know it was so windy, and when i sprayed it on i thought we were fine. by the end of the day, his back is fairly burned in spots and i'm totally burned. i feel like an ass for assuming it would be fine. yup, i suck as a mom.
i tried to google:  "how to have sex with a virgin " a suggestion box popped up under my text. i immediately clicked it because **what other word could possibly be there!?** i am sure i am on a watch-list or something now.does anyone know if i should be worried? if so, is there anything i should or can do to make it clear that it was an accident?
i know they saw me. i finished my dance and vanished out the back, but i don't want to go home now, because i'd told them i was doing office work. i'm doing it because it pays better than being a barmaid while i'm studying at uni and the hours are flexible.
i'm in shorts (because yifu and washed all my jeans in the same load which wasn't dry for work) and basically end up slipping over on the road in peak-hour cbd traffic. i absolutely panic, retrace my steps and start looking in and around and under parked cars, and looking in gutters getting soaked as anything. 15min later, i give up - and then try and think of some way to get back in. there's a security desk inside, but it's unmanned atm. manage to glance at the numbers written on the phone for the mobile - and call that in the pouring rain.
i always regret this decision later when taking a dump. not only did it feel like i was shitting out a wooden mace, but in the end when i wiped, i realized that my ass was bleeding. ew. just...dont eat the shells.
i'd say ultimately my mistake was not wearing a belt as somehow a chunk of it made it down into my sweaty ass crack. i go shit, and must have drug a piece of the insulation of my tender little brown eye while i was wiping.  It's itching and stinging and the shower didn't help much.
i don't even know how this happened, but my subconscious is fucked up. in the dream i'm laying in a bed, and a smoking hot blonde with a mean rack is starting to straddle me. when i'm having a wet dream it doesn't take much to spurt, so about a minute later, i start to edge. at this point i look over to my left at a tv. right as my load explodes this image pops up on the tv.
i'm on a diet and ate several pickles for lunch...i thought it was a great idea at the time, hell, i love pickles and they're like, zero calories. Well, that was all well and good until my husband and i were driving home from dinner 4 hours later and i started to feel like i was going to have to go to the bathroom, soon. i directed him back onto the main road where i knew there was a burger king. i thought i was home free, i could literally see the burger king right in front of me, as we grew closer, suddenly i had this horrible feeling and then it happened... i just started pooping....like,
i was to fill a condom with water, as much as i could, and then transport it outside to chill in the driveway. as it neared completion, it began to resemble an elephant's amniotic sac. i then began to carry it as best i could to the front door. it was wibbly wobbling all over the place, which i found sort of entertaining until... right on the couch.
i'm all cozy and warm with my dog at my feet laying on our favorite blanket sleeping when at some point in the night the blanket has slipped down. in a gorggy, 1/2 awake manner i pull at the blanket but it doesn't budge. more forcfully i yank harder and it still, doesn't move. the amount of yanking and pulling must have woken my dog up and in the middle of a firm yank on the blanket, she decides to roll off and wham! my blanket comes flying up and my fist meets my eye. but, since i'm in a state of no fucks, i pull up my blanket and go back to sleep
i am very good at my job. i will proudly admit that. i was training a new person and showing her the ropes. policy states that we stamp the left wrist, as it is closer to the stand and requires less searching on the way out if we have a set place. i stamped his right arm, said nothing more, and let them in.
My 13-year-old nephew was sitting on the front lawn when the fireworks went off. He had minor burns and was pretty bruised and scraped up. His hearing was gone for a day and he said it was like seeing after you look at a welding torch. His parents were pissed, but his nephew thought it was awesome.
The heat in my dryer died out so i had to go without my boxers. A co-worker walks by and says  "smells like a dirty diaper " 2 hours to go and i wont get up from my desk as i am terrified of the atomic stink that may occur.
i'm a photographer for a company that mostly does little league sports. i was in a pretty poor part of town and the kids there can be little assholes. i get pretty pissed and sternly tell them they all need to look at the camera immediately. i took another picture, said  "great job, guys ", and left.
i chug 6 bottles of water in 20 minutes, the desperate attempt of a nervous wreck to force his body to produce urine. downing my seventh my p.o. comes out and starts to be very verbally rough with me and that only added to my anxiety. i gagged on my water because of that and soaked his shirt with 6 1/2 bottles ofWater and the small breakfast i had earlier. and the real kicker? they considered my specimen diluted.
i sure am glad she laughed about it after the fact. she does have a big bottom (which i love!). i sure am proud of her. she's a great mom. i love that she loves her kids so much. i'm glad she loves them too.
i applied my hair gel to my toothbrush, stuck said brush in my mouth, and proceeded to clean away. about five seconds in, my mouth had a peachy, stinging sensation. i proceeded to vomit about 10 seconds later because of how bad it was burning/had gotten in my throat.
i lost my grip on the hairdryer and it fell toward my exposed boobs as i wasn't wearing a shirt. my nipple made contact with the extremely hot metal grate and i swear i heard my flesh sizzling. i screamed and stepped back while swatting the dryer away. it smashed to the floor and the back popped open.
i missed the housing application deadline because of the decision, so i am now assigned a single room in a house that is way across campus away from all my classes and shit. also, this little fuckup costs me an extra $2000 because i'm in asingle room instead of a dorm. parents just found out and are pissed.
Today i had just packaged 3 baggies of dmt and placed them into my pocket. i got my keys out of my pocket and accidentally pulled the baggie out as well. my mom saw them and picked them up. i was forced to explain. she took my phone and found out i was running a dmt drug ring. i made close to $1000 a month. i'm only 16...
i was removing nail polish from my nails during the loading screen before my last game. when the game started, all my attention was on that for 45 minutes. after the game ended (in defeat... our teemo disconnected, so 4v5), i realized the cap on the acetone bottle was open. spilled somewhere around ~200 ml/8 oz - half the bottle. stood up, left the room stark naked, tossing a paper towel roll at the bf.  "help me clean it up. this is gonna bur- "
i work at a family oriented theme park running the side games, one of which is a game where you climb up a ladder. i'm demonstrating how to do the ladder when suddenly i'm thinking  "hmm, why do things feel airy down there? ". i've suddenly realised that my trousers have worn through in the crotch and with my ass in the air my tackle is on display to the family watching my demonstration. doh!
 "i don't even feel good about giving to someone in need, instead i feel like i shouldn't even be allowed to handle money "  "i was tripping on acid at the time. in the next instant i reached a horrifying epiphany as to what i had just done, but it was too late "
i shave if it starts becoming too itchy, a nuisance, or it just looks dumb. i had the great idea to shave in the shower instead of at the sink. everything was going well until i dropped the razor on my dick.  now i have 2 and a 1/2 paper cuts **on the tip**. it hurts to piss and fap.
i smoked a bowl pack in the back of the bus with my friend before school and we got caught. we had done it before with our old bus driver and she either didn't notice or didn't give a fuck, so we thought we'd be fine to do it again. about two weeks prior to today, we got a new bus driver, who smells like cigarettes herself, and she is the world's shittiest bus driver. to put it in perspective, i am 16 and can drive much better than she can.
i just don't know what came over me. it was totally innocent context, but he was mocking me for something, so i mocked back.instant regret. i... i just don u2019t know why i did it. i u2019m so sorry.
anyways, i was playing league of legends when someone decided to call.  i didn't know the number, so i just let it ring.  they continued to call for the next 10 minutes, and caused me to die a couple of times. on like the 5th call, i died, and out of anger i slammed my fist on my laptop.  it froze and wouldn't restart. ironically, they didn't call again after that.
i end up crashing the bike and fall flat on my face. no broken bones, my face is intact and the groceries are ok. i have a cut on my hand from trying to shield myself from the fall. the back wheel on my bike is fucked, as are the brakes on that wheel. so i'll have to take it to the local bike shop this week to get it fixed.
i was still using my laptop and my phone chatting with friends because i just returned from a 3 week vacation. suddenly i felt the urge to poop. not that uncommon but still. i decided to take my phone with me so that i could continue the conversations i had. when all the way downstairs (i sleep in the attic) i sat down and began to drop the old poopenfloopers. as i was busy doing my duty most attention went to my phone. i was done with 10 min but remained at the toilet for 20min because it was so comfy and i was too lazy to get up 2 stairs again. so when i finally left the bathroom i hadn't even looked
i was reminded about a fuck up of mine from a year ago by a comment on the [tifu by trying to piss while biking] post. thanks for the reminder! i hope you all enjoy laughing at my expense.it was april of last year. i had just gotten to work at 9am. i hate to admit it but i worked at walmart. The assistant manager delegated an important task to me. She wanted me to set up
The worst part was i was wearing a skirt. one of those dress skirts that go down to just past your knees. i can't go back to work..edit: yes i shit myself. i was just waiting for someone from head office to get around to reading my promotion status and shake my hand yadayada.
i was home-schooled, lived in a second world country, and had one true friend: my computer. a few months after i moved to canada, my parents sent me to a french summer camp. there, i would have great experiences, meet new friends, learn life lessons, and fuck up. badly. The combination of too much social interaction, girls, and not understanding the main language at the camp brought me to an ultimate  "tifu " moment.
i meant to send  "are we eating? ". instead i send  "Are we dating? " instead of  "why not? " she says  "because you're my friend " it took us like ten minutes to figure out that i'd made a typo. i don't know whether to laugh or cry at how awkward that was.
i was woken up by my parents telling me to get up and that some of our family was in the drive-way. i was still pretty much sleeping and really didn't want to see anyone. so i jumped up as fast as i could to go upstairs to my room. this is where it all started. i guess i got up too fast because now i feel like i am insanely drunk. i am so nauseous and about to throw up any second. the worst thing about all of this is that i have a concert i planned on going to tonight for weeks and i am also leaving on a trip tomorrow. fuck my life.
 barncats were the unhealthiest bunch i ever saw. i thought maybe there was rat poison somewhere they were getting into so while a barnsat when they were on vacation i shopvaccued the whole barn. there wasn't ever a real over population problem because most of them never lived more than a couple of years. there was a really sweet cat that would come over and visit and she started the downward spiral.
i was sitting down to eat lunch at school with my friend and a girl that i like. that day we had turkey and gravy over mashed potatoes for lunch. i then coughed up a whole bunch of turkey and somehow it got lodged in my nose. before i can even run to the restroom or even pick up a napkin, the pepper that was on the turkey makes me sneeze a snot/turkey/mashed potato concoction all over the table.
i was out camping with some friends in virginia when i was about 16 years old. we had packed in our food, which in this case happened to be various canned things. i took the knife and popped a hole in the lid of the turkey spam. the resulting mess was one of the strangest sights ever seen by man.
A Reddit user got his junk stuck in a mop bucket of cold water. He was able to wiggle it out. It's now free to play with. He says it's an awesome moment in his life. He also says 78% of people like his junk.
This happened about a year ago. i lived in the middle of nowhere and i had only one neighbor who spoke russian so i had no communication with anyone. i literally sat outside my house, hoping my neighbors would arrive. all the windows on the first floor are locked so i climb onto my roof via my porch. luckily the motion light turned on. on my roof i jumped onto my juliet balcony and tried that door and receive the same disappointing result. frustrated i opened my small window, barely enough for me to squeeze my body in. now apparently my neighbors arrived just in time to see me, in the spot light, climb into my window at 10pm. they called the cops
Some automatic cars come with forward shift positions d, 1, 2, and 3. d position automatically shifts according to the computer as high as the gears need to go. 1 2 3 positions allow the car to automatically shift until it gets to the gear specified by the number. this allows the drive train to slow down the car instead of harming the brakes when on steep hills.
i went to a party and after about 5 hours some people were really drunk, i don't drink so i found it all hilarious. around this point someone had the brilliant idea to go the park. it had been raining so everything was slippy and i being the only fully sober one thought it would be brilliant to slide down the slide. once i started going i realised that i wasn't going fast enough so i stood up to get off and slipped fell straight on my back. after the initial smash i can't remember anything but everyone there said i jumped up with the speed of a lighting bolt ran screaming in pain for about 20 metres and collapsed on the floor in pain. the next thing i
i was just outside in front of my trailer playing with my two year old son and i got an unpleasant, drive-by shouting. i didn't get a chance to tell him that i am a veteran going to school with my 9/11 gi benefits. he just got to drive on in his shitty, beat-down truck... why the fuck was he in my trailer park to begin with?
i was staying at a friends dorm hanging out, i was supposed to leave at 2am but we got to talking a lot and next thing i know its 3am, i say goodbye and walk out. i noticed it had snowed quite a bit, i got to my car and sweeped off the snow/slush combo, and drove to the gas station, because thirsty. i get my drink and come  out to see a yellow and very wet slip, as i pick it up and it almost rips in half,  "parking violation  " tho i'm not sure how, i parked in a spot behind a bar where lots of people park, i also notice that the time
Worked on a job for a company that builds lifts in old apartments and the diamond saw makes a big ass mess. Turned the whole buildings water on after noticing someone had turned off the main water valve to the tap and somewhere else. Two plumbers ran towards me in panic.
i drew the y axis wrong - it didn't cross the x and z axes properly (there weren't 90 degrees angles) and now my whole college exam is shit. basically i drew the Y axis wrong. It didn'tCross the X and Z axes properly. There weren't90 degrees angles.
i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends.  however, it's gotten a bit out of hand lately, and i've been trying to be more mindful of it.  so of course ... i ordered a mocha with whip and a 10 oz vanirra latte.
A close relative of ours, who owned the house, had died recently. We needed (legally) the house valued as it was technically part of the estate. The valuer was almost finished when he asked me how much i would buy it for. i told him i'd buy the property for the land alone and demolish the house.
i hear a girl go  "ummmmmm. " from across the room, then realize my mistake. alcohol was involved. i rushed to the kitchen to dry it out in some rice, but all i could find was seasoned rice. suffice to say my very spicy phone is ruined.
i had heard about a subreddit called /r/gameswap and decided to try it out. i agreed to trade my gtav (among other games) for his 3ds and some of his games. i ship, he claims to ship. i try to send him another message, but i find he's deleted his account. just lost ~$200 worth of games and my innocence.
i nicked my boyfriends penis with my nail. he said he was perfectly fine and didn't feel a thing. didn't think twice about it, continued and finished. also, it was *the* most amazing sex we've ever had to date...i guess my vagina likes penis blood.
 "i faked sickness by making myself throw up. first it was monday, then tuesday, then wednesday, and then my mother took me into the doctor who said she thought it might be gall bladder, hiatal hernia, acid reflex, etc. i thought,  "great, i can really ride this one out then. " of course, thursday and friday i stayed out, and all of the next week. my mother's pissed and is going after the schoolboard, i'm up to my neck in work, and everybody is giving me sympathy at the moment, all because i just did the laziest and dumbest thing in my entire life "
i was supposed to babysit my best friend's kids, and i was expecting her to come by any minute. i had been cleaning up around the house and playing usher from my phone when someone knocked on the door right around the time the chorus started. it was the church kid. his face was just... ugh. he looked so uncomfortable and i felt like a huge idiot.
 "i asked her if she would be interested in trying weed if it was legal "  "she became so upset and automatically thought i was a /dealer/ and told me that she would tell my dad "  "i eventually enjoy smoking it, but that i didn't sell it, for god's sake. at least, i'm not going to jail "
i was helping set up a chili cook-off when i cut my finger. i barely felt any pain, and it was a slightly diagonal cut, but it didn't take out too much flesh. i got out of the hospital with ten stitches and a metal brace to keep my clumsy self from bouncing the finger around.
i work as the weekend manager for a project hp is doing. weekends tend to be very slow so occasionally i come in a little hungover from the night before. i have both agents staring at me in wtf mode and all i can think is  "how loud did i fart " but then the faces made complete sense.
i was just playing some league of legends and bout to hit that champ select. way to time that camera zoom. i was just Playing some League of Legends and Bout to hitThat champ select way totime that camera Zoom. I was Just playing some League Of Legends and bout.
i've been tying my shoes wrong the past 4 years in that when i pull the lace through the hole to make the second loop, i've been pulling it tight with the same hand i sent it through with. this makes the knot easy to come apart when doing anything. more like a 4 year fuck up but i just realized today.
i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. it's pretty simple. thought the act's was this weekend... it was last weekend. well shit. i didn't Want to Get In to A Good College anyways. It's Pretty simple. It u2019s Pretty Simple.
A 14-year-old boy crushed a kitten to death while babysitting for his mom's friend and her husband. The parents of the kids showed up before the 10 year old woke up and had to explain to them how i crushed their $500 new kitten in the night.
The girl at the checkout had to cut me free :(. the girl at  the checkoutHad to cut her free. She had to be cut off by the checkout girl. She was trying to take a picture of herself and her friends. She looked like she was about to go for a run.
One man told a story about a cat eating snacks and barfing and then ended the story with some quip about it farting. amazingly people upvoted it. seriously, i am by no means a great story teller, but this subreddit makes /r/fuuuuu or whatever look like shakespeare.
i came home from work and decided to saddle up my horse for a quick ride before dark. my sister comes out while i'm saddling up and asks if she could ride him. so i let her ride and she comes around a tree by my fence and turns my horse... into the fence. instead of stopping like he should have, my horse just keeps on walking and kneels on the fence... the whole thing comes down! so now my yard and my neighbors are one until i can afford to fix the fence ...
i had this interview for a paid internship position at boeing. i told him some of the things i was good at. then he asked me to list some of my weaknesses and without skipping a beat i said  "girls in yoga pants "  u00a0he gave me a weird look and said  "alright.. moving on ".
i may now have a child i don't want, and have to spend the rest of my life with a woman who despises me. i just wanted to share that with someone. i may have to have a baby with someone who doesn't want it. i might not be able to bear it, but i just want to share it.
So, this was t Tuesday, and not really a fuckup, but the scenario is really hilarious in the end. So, here i am, a grown ass man with a hankering for making a snow fort / igloo, cause they are fucking awesome. But i ran out of snow from the mountain i was digging into, so i start shoveling on the snow pile next to mine (a little on the neighbors yard) and probably 30 minutes of working into that pile, literally making room in my neighbor's driveway, 2 cops show up with the neighbor pretty much dragging them out back. They were there on official duty.
My bc pills. ...with my bc pills in them. My bc pills were in my bra. My bra was full of bc pills, and my bc was in my boobs. My boobs were full of BC pills. My breasts were filled with bc pills and my boobs were in a bra with bc.
This actually happened to me last month but i was at a party at our fraternity house and started to send out some drunk texts. one of my friends (who is a girl) tells me shes having a small party at her dorm so, naturally, i decide to stumble over there. when i finally make it to her place we start vibing right away. we proceed to have a sloppy hook up on her bed and then passed out. the next thing i remember is waking up in her bed. all over her bed, walls, etc... i look over to see how disgusted see must be and (luckily) for whatever reason she was gone. i did a little one minute clean
fatty, my cat, sometimes eats her food waaaay too quickly and then barfs it up. i signed up for the reddit snack exchange 2013. went out, splurged on my giftee. when i got home, i put everything in a box. i meant to tape it shut but was tired and decided to rest my eyes for a minute. turned into a couple of hours.
This is the first time i've bought food for a homeless so i was kind of nervous. i saw him still holding the windex spray waiting for the food and he looked at me. there was nothing i could do and i was too afraid to go back. they were both unfortunately black which doesn't make things any better.
i tried to slip some funny stuff from the previous weekend in and he found it and we were kinda chatting in the google doc. then without deleting the extra stuff at the end. i sent it to my prof. The good stuff is at the bottom of the page.
Some guy on reddit described some guy doing this, so i thought i could do it too. countertops are now soaked in soapy protein shakey mess. some post on reddit about being lazy described some man doing this. so i Thought i Could Do It too.
i was driving and my brother was acting like a maniac in the backseat. my mouth said it before my brain could stop it. i have never dared to even say  "hell " or  "pissed " in front of her. she yelled my first, middle, and last name followed by  "what! what did you say?! " and all i could say was an extremely quiet  "sorry i didn't mean to say it "
i'm driving for about 30sec around 30mph (should've been going slower ik, but i'm not speeding or going the speed limit here) i lose control, fishtail and proceed to go into the yard of a nearby house, across their driveway, and back out onto the road. i come to a stop. flip a shit. call my mother and flip another bigger shit. i drive home, luckily the car is drivable and call the insurance company. $200 deductible. yes, i'm aware i'm very fortunate in most of it but still fuck me.
microwave pasta! just take a big plastic bowl, put the dry pasta in, add water, and microwave on full power for 12 min. a super easy, and **quick** way to cook bog-standard pasta! i didn't realise that there was smoke pouring out of the microwave until there was only 4 minutes left. i took the bowl out to check, which **filled** the room with burnt plastic. now my eyes started to sting, and it was difficult to breath.
i have a hitler 'stache style bruise on my lip, and i have to go to class with it in the morning. i also have a nasty habit of forming a vacuum with my lips and removing all the air from the cap when i'm done with the drink. a hickey is the reason my girlfriend admitted to having sex with another guy, hence the breakup.
i was walking on my way to the bus stop to go to school, and i was early so i was the only one there waiting for my bus. my crush catches the bus at the same place as me and then he comes over and stands there, so i am stood there by him waiting for the bus. so i talk to him and it gets real awkward, and there is silence. then he says something and i thought he was joking but i didn't find it that funny so i did this really loud embarassing fake laugh, completely over doing it looking like an idiot. i laughed so hard i farted, but not just any fart, quite a loud one and it sounded
i finished my coffee and smacked myself in the head. now there is a bump and a red line and hubby says i could have cut up my head as easily. he said this is  "dealbreaker territory ", he said i was acting like my mother. i was. in the moment tho, its like a cloud is over everything.
He asked me  "what's this? " and out of habit, i replied  "your mom. " i just found out he's never been told a mom joke ever in his life and the last person he would expect it from was his daughter. he got really offended and would like to talk to me later.
i didn't come, didn't go all the way in, she wasn't on birth control, and she was on day 20 of her period. how fucked am i? should i get the morning after pill for her? i was just rubbing against her vagina which must've caused some friction and i looked down a few minutes later and the condom broke.
i was later reminded about it when i felt a bump on the inner part of my cheek and decided to have a feel inside my mouth with my fingers. the taste was nasty! most bitter thing i've tasted in my whole life. i am now feeling like a terrible pet owner for letting my poor dog taste that especially since he doesn't have the ability to wash it out.
i was walking through the halls and i saw this girl i always joke around with like that so i waslked up behind her amd spun my hand in a softball pitch type motion and smacked her. little did i know there was a teacher behind me. the teacher took me to the dean's office. instead of suspending me i have to write an essay on why what i did was wrong and get my mom to sign it.
i occasionally give my nether regions a well-deserved trim (usually coinciding on the guarantee of sex) my chosen style is no.4 around the pubic area and no.1 off a bit of the shaft hair-growth. i watch (and feel) the machine take an aggressive bite out of my balls. immediately there is blood welling over into the basin i am positioned over. i started to envision being found dead in my room, cock out, covered in blood while clutching a razor.
My dog chewed my retainer from my nightstand since i only use it when im sleeping and chewed it beyond repair. thats about $400 down the drain. not the biggest mistake anyones ever made but i left my door open and my dog sneaks into my room.
My uncle wanted to burn his garden at his house. While watching the fire, we started hearing noises. turns out there was a bunny nest in the leaves that caught on fire. Only one baby was burned to death, and i saved three babies. they, luckily, are unharmed and alive.
i work in a biology lab at my university and my main job is to set up labs, wash beakers, and sometimes help professors with their research if they're desperate. it was made very clear to me that i cannot touch the big fancy equipment. never ever. it's understood any piece of machinery that is bigger than i am needs someone who actually knows what they're doing to operate it. the main no-no machine is the autoclave, it's pretty much a big sterilization chamber.
All month she's been subtly hinting, dropping little things to make sure i remember. she's had a really rough year and being able to celebrate this was a very big deal. lo and behold i did not remember. and she's on her period. and we hung out today and i didn't bring it up once, and had no clue until she told me. also, I didn't get her anything. i deserve every bit of it.
My phone pushed the date of my exams by one day and i never bothered to double check the actual date. Each exam was worth 80% and 60% of my final grade respectively. i'm currently at the mercy of my professor to let me write a make-up final or else i fail and destroy my great gpa.
i had always used pads for me period, since my first time trying to get a tampon in ended with me in tears as i didn't really know what to do. It was a tense moment getting it in, but somehow i managed, and actually got it in all the way. After 7 hours, i figured i should change it, since that's what the instructions say. This is where it got difficult.
i'm glad you outgrew it. i was in a r/rage thread about being anorexic. i thought i was making a joke in poor taste, but i wasn't. if i ever deserved downvotes it was at that point in the thread.
i was roaming the mall being my happy go lucky self. i see someone i usually see in the hallways at schooi. her name's april. i nonchalantly said  "hey ape! " because i was in a friendly care-free and overall good mood. my heart stopped the very second the words left my lips. my eyes got as big as fucking tires. she just looked at me with this look like she'd been shot and proceeded to haul ass down the mall crying.
Today i discovered the wonders of cinnamon toast. i made my first piece and found it so delicious i had to make more. i take my second piece out of the oven to trim the burnt edges off. when trimming the burnt bits off a piece of it breaks off. almost instinctively i pick this piece up from the plate and put it in my mouth, seemingly ignoring the fact that i witnessed the sugar bubbling not 15 seconds earlier. the sticky, hot lump of delicious malice then sticks itself to the roof of my mouth.
i was promoted to a managerial position on a new unit opening up in the hospital i work in. i had to lead a small class instructing the majority of the staff how the new unit will operate. part of the class included a handbook which i so generously told everyone i would provide. 32 copied approximately 320 pages. 20 minutes later when i get back i see the last sheet of paper being ejected and it looks nothing like the handbook. someone had left something in the scanner previously and i had not bothered to check. so i inadvertently printed 300 copies of some other document.
i'm involved with some clubs on campus and have made friends, which is a large achievement in my book. i haven't done anything sociable all summer, nor have i really been involved in social activities outside of club things. so i may have missed my only chance to be sociable for a while to come.
saw some pepperoni in the fridge. the edges of the pepperoni had turned gray and we bought it like 3 months ago. however, there was nothing growing on it, so figured  "why not " and put it on my sandwich.huge fucking mistake. i have been puking/had the shits for 16 hours straight. not even fucking kidding. this was actually yesterday. so yea. tifu.
My girlfriend got sick in the middle of the night,vomited into the toilet and covered our small bathroom,wall to wall,in her diarrhea. My main stays rug was completely ruined,a shitty end to a shitty rug, and i stepped into the poo-puddle because i didnt have my glasses on. i went,grabbed a mop and bucket and threw it in there. to clarify,this didnt happen to me. but my best friend,im breaking my vow of silence because it is just too damn funny.
My wife found my kikconversation with a few different ladies. there were lots of pictures exchanged and graphic text speak. my wife is not happy. i don't feel that this qualifies as cheating. after all, i can spend money on cam whores and do the same thing. what you guys think?
i now have blisters on a large part of my feet. today i was out walking with friends and decided it would be smart to walk barefoot. i now have  blisters  on alarge part ofmy feet. i decided to go barefoot because i was going to walk with friends.
i was in the shower, started washing my face with just a random hair+body  "fire " shampoo (product of some brand thats supposed to give you energy) and i tilted my face backwards right under the stream of the shower. not only  was the shampoo washed down the back of my throat through the nose but i have also taken a mouthful of shampoo water and accidentally swallowed it. my throat started to burn like the fires of hell and i actually started panicking from the intense pain in my throat. after drinking half a liter of water the pain did not go away at all and tears started trickling from my eyes. here i am sitting in the kitchen drinking water and waiting for
My girlfriend got a brand new car less than a month ago. She was out of gas at the gas station and needed help backing up. She asked me to do it for her. I slammed the accelerator, backing up into a trashcan and then into the concrete partition, creating a quarter sized hole in the center of the metallic gash, complete with yellow paint from the partition as a finisher. She forgave me and to this day insists i don't have to pay for it.
Two women have been raped in the past three weeks. One of the victims is a 20-year-old black woman. The other victim is a white woman in her early 20s. The two women were drinking together at a bar. The woman was unable to leave the bar because she was drunk.
So tonight i decided to do a load of laundry, most of it included boxers since well i kept putting it off until it was too much to ignore. anyways i put on a pair of jeans since they were the only clean thing i had granted they were relatively worn, get a call from a friend asking to go out to eat/drink and since i've mostly been home lately i say why the fuck not? well that question was answered after going to wal-mart for a few random things, having my friend toss me a football low, me bending over to catch it and rip... right the fuck down my ass. so all though it was only about 5 minutes i was walking
i don't like this guy but he sends me text messages every once in a while and i reply because i don't want to be rude... so today he sent me one telling me,  he was back home for a while... and i asked him if he was on vacation and he replied saying that not really, he was there to take care of his dad who has cancer and that because of that he got a few weeks off work so he could do that. i was only half paying attention to what he was saying and texting him while texting other people that i was more interested in talking to, so i just replied :  "ah, how nice... hope you have an awesome time! ".
The waitress asked if i wanted my change. i knew telling her no meant she would get it, but i didn't know that meant it was the /only/ tip you were going to give. i immediately feel horrible, realizing she thought that was going to be her only tip from me. so i gave her a $20 tip wrote on the check that ididn't mean it that way.
i got a virus that was going through my family, my mother and brother were at home in bed with it for a few days. once i had it, i was asleep for probably 2/3 of the day, thats when my girlfriend and friend called me, asking me to go to a dessert restaurant with them. because i was drugged up on medicine and was feeling slightly better, i thought, why not? turns out they ordered me a cup of melted choclate and a coffee. i hadn't eaten anything all day before that, so i was a little hesitant on eating the chocolate, but after i started, everything seemed fine. it got to 11pm and i drove my
My great grandmother past away after 93 years this week and i flew out to attend her funeral and took my dress pants. long story short, pants were being ironed and my whole family got so see some porn pictures fall out of my pants. -___- and vegas is no longer a secret. i'm destined to be an outcast.
My brother was playing music from his iphone in his car while driving with our friends, and thought that it might be funny to put porn audio onto his phone. that night i went and made an audio file from some random porn, put it into our shared laptop's itunes library, and synced his phone to it. i named the file  "zzzzz " so it would appear at the bottom of his music selection, and he wouldn't see it. the next day, he lost his phone at a party, so i completely forgot about the prank, as his phone was now gone. and so today, i had a date with a really sweet and pretty christian girl
i drew  u00a310 out of the atm this evening to pay for my half of the pizza. when i got back it was gone and i had to draw another  u00a310. i then proceeded to take my card from the atM and leave the  u00a310, but it was already gone.
A 5-month-old non-refrigerated onion has migrated to the back-end of my panty. It was covered in black grime and sprouting yellow alien tentacles and reeking the most awful stench. We disposed of it as a biohazard.
i was walking down the hall and needed to check my bag, so i slung it across my shoulder. the bag caught my keys on my s-clip and my pants were down. in shock i tripped over myself. just as i was about to fix my pants the classes got out, to see me, pants down.i just got up, fixed my pants, and walked briskly to my car and left.
A new woman joined our team at work a week ago. She'd been nervous and reserved all along, so we decided to take her out for a team lunch. She hardly spoke during lunch, ignored the discussions and kept her stare fixed on the table. The suave gentleman that i am, i thought it'd be a wise idea to compliment her on something and get her talking.  "hey, i like the fragrance of your *colon*. it's got a very fresh, summery scent to it. "
 "I'm sorry, I can't help you. I'm not a bad person. I just don't know how to do it, " he says.  "I'm just not good at it. I don't think I can do it. "  "I don't believe I can, " he adds.  "But I can try. I'll try. "
i feel so alone in this subreddit now. i feel like i'm alone in the world. i don't want to be alone. i want to feel like I'm not alone. I want to know that I am not alone in my feelings. I don't know what to do.
Today i got fired from my job de to friday i got a late invite to big day out and there was no way i was going to miss red hot chilli peppers, i texted my boss i hurt my back and couldn't come in and purposely didn't make any facebook status or subject. only to realise today that i was tagged on a status from a friend when i should've checked this so i could've untagged myself. now i'm out looking for my work.
How do i fix this? I can't find a way to fix it. how do I fix it? I don't know how to fix this. How do I make it better? I'm not sure what to do. What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments.
 "What you may lack in size, you more than make up for in skill, " i told him. of course, as i feared, he focused more on the first half. i was only trying to emphasize how good he is...he won't admit it (he never does), but he seems upset now. i didn't mean it like that. i don't give (much of) a fuck about size.
i was kinda drunk and ended up drinking out of his spit cup. luckily i was drunk so i wasn't as grossed out as i should have been. i immediately spat it back out and washed my mouth out for a few minuets before returning to the party. we were at a party and my friend was spitting into a beer cup, we happened to put ours down in the same area.
 "gangstas " started following him and me around mocking him because of the way he talks. One of them took his ds and threw it on the roof and said  "now you can actually find some retard pussy without gay nerd shit " i lost my shit. i grabbed the fucker by the neck and held him against the wall and started punching him in the face.
i felt one coming on and have been pinching off silent, no-smellers since the beginning of the show. i thought this one would be like the others -- but no. this one was a grimy, bubbly, ripple-off-my-buttcheeks one. it wasn't really loud, but it was audible. my guy was thoroughly disgusted and pushed me off the couch. needless to say i was embarassed as shit.
i now know what they mean by  "crazy " and it's an obsessive psycho that won't leave you alone and will constantly post facebook statuses about how you broke their heart even if you two were never even dating. just don't do it. or even your tongue for that matter.
i was printing out some documents at home when a familiar urge plowed headlong against my anus. i tried to do my usual hoppity over the gate, but we have a houseguest, and there was shower water on the floor. i don't know if it was the urgency or the pain or the shock, but at that moment, my asshole just gave the fuck up.
i woke up, walked over to my laundry basket, then perched myself over it. i woke up the next morning and realized what had happened when i stepped in cold liquid with my sock.  yuck. sometimes when i enjoy a few beers, i wake up in the middle of the night and pee in places other than the bathroom.
went hard in the paint, now i get to look at the paint of the walls in the planned parenthood clinic. title sums up my life pretty well.  I'm not sure if I'm ready to be a father yet. I've got a long way to go before I can call myself a father.
On a date, we got some ice cream. on the drive home, i start to feel the urge to fart. i lean to the side to let it go as silently as i can and all of a sudden i feel a warm wetness. two more farts followed with the same leaky shit, staining my boyfriend's front seat.
The phone starts ringing so i get up and start running. it's important to know that it was a very windy day and all the windows were open. so a reach the room's door after a long run down the corridor and i turn... and smash my toe right into the slammed door. it turns out my toe is now broken.
 "that'll be  u00a310 mate "  "i give him 11 "  "bye! "  "i love you "  "have a good night pal "  "you too! "  "bye "  "good night "  "bye! "  "thank you " 'bye! " 'bye!' 'bye' 'bye!' "
i was trying to clean some dishes and have some nasty that needs to be ground up. flick the switch and hear the worst worst i've ever heard come out of a garbage disposal before. i immediately turn it off to investigate. reach in and find out that a shot glass found its way in there, broken glass everywhere. pull out a couple pieces and realize i've sliced one of my fingers on a piece. so i changed hands and got more of the bigger pieces out. so now i really have to get in there deep to get these tin pieces.
The author was eating a baumkuchen with friends at 3am. He thought it was sugar, but it was a dehumidifying powder. The powder made him nauseated, and he ended up going to the hospital. The author is now on the road to recovery.
I can't. guess what was on it. It was a picture of a woman's face. She had a baby in it. I can't imagine what it looked like. It's a good thing she didn't have a baby. It would have been a mess.
A bunch of crazy assholes at my college start following me after class. naturally, i assume they're going to try to rob me. so i walk faster. they split up and one guy is left following me. he starts yelling at me, saying shit like  "ay boy how much those shoes cost " and  "what's in yo wallet? " i ignore him for a while until i'm far past the edge of campus and he's stillFollowing me. i turn a corner and panic as he follows me again. he yells at me  "alright now " and before he can get a word out i turn around and stare at him. i lean on the stop sign next to me,
 "i was going to be taking my girlfriend of almost a year to the beach for a picnic that i was. going to cook and play a song i had written her towards the end of it "  "then came the constant asking.   "tell me what it issss!  pleeeeease??? "   "oh, come oooonnn. "  i just laughed it off because i thought she was just trying to be cute.  oh how wrong i was "
i'm a little tired from working my shift, but we haven't had sex in a little while, and i'm kinda horny, so i start going in for the kisses and the touches and the sexy times. After a few smooches she pulls back and says,  "you know, this would be a lot more attractive if you didn't have a booger in your nose " i make the big mistake of pointing it out.
My boyfriend bought a new 50 inch hdtv for only $350. When he tried it out, there were cockroaches all over the house. The man who sold me the tv was very redneck and missing some teeth. That'll be the last time i buy anything from a garage sale in a while.
i tried sending her a picture of a fedora as joke, but i accidentally clicked on some furry porn i had laying around and facebook automatically sent it to her. fuck.edit: proof (warning: furry porn, duh)
 "i work at a church as a videographer/media producer type thing and i need a shot of a candle on a black backdrop "  "i start trying to light the candle, and it doesn't smell good and it's starting to spark, i just assume this is one dumb-ass candle and it will light eventually. after a couple minutes of failure, my coworker comes into the room and asks what's that smell "
The boyfriend and i went to visit his grandparents because we are nice people.this is my first time meeting them and i was kinda nervous but they were pretty nice and i survived.grandma wanted a handshake before i left so naturally i obliged.i walked away wondering why my hand was sticky.then i remember like 20 minutes before bf and i pulled over to take take of some business.didn't wash hands after.
The author had a terrible stomach pain last night. Her husband suggested she go to the hospital. After throwing up, the pain went away and she felt fine. The couple's insurance doesn't kick in until the beginning of the year, so they can't afford a hospital visit.
Last night i had a pretty busy anus. farted quite a bit and quite hard. soon after i started feeling discomfort in my ass. dismissed it as just an itch. woke up this morning and the 'itch' was still there. wrapped my finger around some toilet paper and i felt the dreaded bump. i now have a hemorrhoid.
i had a sudden urge to use the bathroom, but i was having a bit of trouble so i crouched on the floor to facilitate the process. w/ my pants down around my ankles i suddenly urinated on them. luckily, i was able to make it to my house w/out being noticed. Lesson learned:  staying awake all night will cause you to urinate on yourself the next day.
i'm in dallas and over the last few days this ice storm has thrown everyone for a loop. i've been trying to get my car out of the shop after my neighbor hit it while also dealing with his insurance and trying to not miss work with the roads all gone to hell. all the routines i have (because i'm very forgetful) are messed up, and i'm just Trying to get everything done so i can drive to austin for a couple nights.
i took a client to a lake to discuss all sorts of business for winktiddlersltd. we ended up basically having a picnic and not short thereafter he gets a phone call. so i, having my sketchbook, decide to the a sketch of the fauna i see. my client ended up seeing me and with my sketchbooks and came over. he asks to look through my sketch book and sits down on the edge of the lake. i go to use the restroom and when i come back i can tell that something's amiss. his eyes give it away and then he regretfully informs me that my sketchBook fell into the lake but that it would just decompose over
i had been getting massage therapy for a lower back/hip pain. As she is massaging my ass, i'm doing everything i can to not fart... i'm clenching my butt cheeks and am clearly stressed. The therapist suggests she work on the hamstrings, gluts, and lower back. We get into it and then i start to feel the gas filling my bowels.
i posted a picture of [henry] to /r/foxes/ and they banned me. i have never been banned from a sub before. i was just a proud mumma. i thought everyone would love him just like i do. sorry if henry offended anyone.
i was just browsing reddit, when i come along to read a couple of comments. now, i know what spacedicks is, but have never been on it. so, i see this link titled free gold!. i have no idea what gave me the inclination to click it, but i did, and it just brought me to /r/spacedicks and it took me a while to realize.
pro tip: even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log. now i'm paying 400 dollars for the whole thing and still drying my clothes. Pro tip: Even if you are going verySlow, You will Slip and Fall off a Snow covered Log.
A few years ago, a woman fighting for gay rights on the street coerced me into registering myself and to make a donation. Since i live in brazil, i just gave my grandparent's address, which was probably not the best idea since they are kinda homophobic. A year or so, and i am visiting my grandparents again, and the phone rings for me, which is odd since i don't live there. i picked it up and hear a very electronic voice on the other side:  "hi! we are calling you on behalf of the gay rights blablabla association to... " i yelled out  "oh my god! " and immediately hung up.
The smell mixed between that of a port-o-potty itself and liquid ass was so devastating that almost the entire line could smell it. About 3 people threw up from the smell. They actually quarantined the shit-wrenched port-O-poties and brought in a spare one.
 "i have a younger sister (5) who plays with all the other children who live on our street, they range from 3-10 years old "  "so my sister comes inside from playing, she's now crying and after being calmed down, begins to explain that one of the children, olivia  (5), was being mean to her "  "my brother says so and he's way older than you "
i was taking a train home after playing football (near london, england). i had been feeling ill all day and my stomach was hurting on the train. towards the end of the journey (4 stops from home) i had the unmistakable feeling that i was about to shit myself. in shear panic and horror i grabbed a newspaper and shat on it, but loads spilt on to the seat. i grabbed another newspaper and tried to clean up the seat but i left a horrible stench and mess. when i got to my stop i took all the newspaper in a carrier bag and waddled home, dumping the bag in a bin. through some miracle noone saw
i bought a pair of koss sx-30 speakers from woot.com a few days ago. they arrived today, and i was so excited to try them out that i went out and bought a 6v dc adapter like it said. plugged it in, turned it on... and nothing.
i am very allergic to cats and will break out in hives from skin contact. my lady has cats and dogs in her house. she keeps a grumpy old cat in her room to keep him from fighting with the others. i asked them to flip the blanket over to avoid getting cat hair all over me, but lo and behold that shit was everywhere. in the midst of it all, i look down to see this red inflamed skin around my lady bits and the most indescribably horrible itching in my vagina (maybe stds are worst? who knows)
i thought buddha wasn't far. cue awkward silence. i still feel terrible. we where talking in class and this girl who was with us said,  "you should shave your head, than you could be my budDha ". without thinking i said, 'i thought Buddha was far'
i was working  a menial fast-food job in the drive-thru when a black escalade with about 7 people (latinos) inside pull up. at first i though i recognized her, but i had the wrong girl. then after multiple mutual glances i confirmed that she was indeed a dime. like a lil bitch i can only manage to chuckle and half-heartedly ask her is this was true. she nodded! and again like a bitch i do nothing afterwards. still can't believe i freakin let an eva mendes type of girl get away.
i'm working on losing weight and decided to change to a healthier choice of lunch by eating egg salad sandwiches with lot of spinach instead of other unhealthy choices. i had been going to the doctor and getting blood work done and such, yet now i got my newest results in and my ldl cholesterol jumped high. it never entered my mind that eggs were so high in cholesterol so i totally fucked up. now i'm obsessed with wanting to eat egg salad but need tochange to something else and guessing i'll go with tuna salad sandwiches.
 reddit user:  "i ignored my bladder today " i usually pee twice a day, typically towards the evening hours, but today i had an urge to pee at the end of the school day. when i arrived home panic had set in and i frantically searched for my key as nobody was home. by the time i reached my friend u2019s house i was crying, bleeding, and covered in pee. i realized i should have never overestimated my bladder abilities.
i didn't realise that at several points my touch typing (see note at end) had failed repeatedly and replaced the word  "gay " with  "fat " here follows some excerpts of the aforementioned essay. touch typing doesn't mean i wrote my essay on an iphone. it means typing without looking ~~at what you are typing~~ the keyboard.
i was getting a water bottle this morning and i had some crystal light. crystal light is a powder you put in your water to make it taste amazing. i was quite tired and forgot to pour some water out of the bottle so it wouldn't overflow when i put the crystal light in. as i'm pouring, my cat decides this would be a good time to distract me and starts pawing and rubbing against my leg. so i look down for a few seconds and look back up to notice the powder was overflowing. that was mistake number 1. mistake number 2 was putting my mouth over the overflowing water bottle while inhaling at the same time. now crystal light before it dissolves in the
The song didn't last much longer than that. The song was a hit with the public, but it didn't make it to the top of the charts. It was replaced by a new song, which was also a hit, by a different singer. The new song was called  "I Don't Want To Be Me "
i was going to give her a hug and tell her she's perfect, when i drove my elbow onto her nose really, really hard. nosebleeding all over the place! so much blood.now her nose is sore, red and stuffy. i'm a great friend, huh?
 "i had a blackberry and chose the wrong contact and i can never look at my dad the same "  " i was still in high school so it was pretty bad "  "i can't wait to fuck you tomorrow;) "  "hey baby, i can'tWait to F**k You Tomorrow "
Some people at my school use reddit. School has programs that allow them to see your screen and record you history so i found out that if i create a bat file that keeps ending the process so they could not see the screen. Also provided some students a proxy to get on sites that are blocked at school along with some games such as halo minecraft and super mario brawl clone.
i had what felt like food poisoning, and it was rather nasty. once i got home from work i abandoned all my plans, wound up in the bathroom exploding from both ends. around 2pm i get up, use the restroom, and with the most satisfying explosive diarrhea you can imagine i felt the sickness drain out of my ass. i felt amazing.
i was in a school girl outfit, garters, a collar, and leash. i actually wound up not wearing either, and got some black mid thigh-highs that looked hot with the garters! party was awesome, too! just wanted to thank you guys for easing my mind about my faux pas! thanks, reddit!
i should burn in hell for this. today i realized how fucked up my friend is, and it's because of me. we met three years ago in class. he was a normal, well behaved person, with an innocent personality. he used to get upset with me for occasionally swearing. now this is him: www.youtube.com/animationfock
i thought i had archived  (moved to another media) the files but i had not. then i emptied the recycle bin right away  "to clean up som space " now i have to recreate them and it will take som time. fml.com/fml.
i like soccer a lot and i think it's really fun to play even though i'm really bad at it. i decided to join a soccer team suggested by some of my classmates because of it's easiness and beginner players. when i got to the field where the team meets, kids (yes *kids* like 10-12) were flipping around and kicking the soccer ball perfectly. i play defense and mostly lurk around the back, not doing anything while the coach cheers on the kids.
i'm currently a freshman in a community college. since the start of my school-year i had a lot of trouble with the work. i should have actually been in my 2nd year in community college but because i changed my major i had to restart. i feel absolutely ashamed and feel like such an idiot if i look back and contemplate why i even decided to change my majors for the first time.
i play roller derby, and on dec 1st i was skating in my very first bout. it's our first bout of the season, so everyone's nervous and excited. since i'm a rookie, all of the vet skaters start telling me their bout-prep rituals, like painting their fingernails white. i turned down the nail polish but accepted the jack3d. here lies my folly.
i am 15 years old, not a swagfag or a yoloer, and (i hope) not immature/obnoxious. i have a friend who seemed like a relatively good friend except for one infuriating detail. he lies/d. a lot. he claimed to be making a fps game in html5, which is not a programming language, or even released yet.
 "i cant stand it, it gives me a headache and im not exaggerating. i didnt realize what i had done until that god awful burnt smell filled up my apartment now i cant get it to go away and every time i turn on my vacuum cleaner that smell comes back! "
A co-worker at derpera bread got mad when i pretended to  "crack the whip " over her while she was washing dishes. i apologized and tried to explain to her what i had meant, but she was still very pissed. After that, it was slightly awkward every time i saw her after that.
i was transporting the excavator bucket when it fell of the forklift and hit the shelving unit just right and brought it down to the ground. i was transporting it in a forklift when it was hit by a shelvingunit and brought down. it was a very close call.
After repeated trips to the doctor for an allergic reaction, i was prescribed the usual antihistamine regime along with a numbing (mostly lidocaine) lotion to stop the itching on my skin. After slathering on some of the lotion, i forgot to wash it off and went on with my daily business, soon not noticing the lack of feeling to my fingertips. later that night after several minutes of unsatisfactory procrasterbation i felt a tingling and realized the terrible mistake i had made. i had completely numbed my nether-regions.
i like to drink beer in the shower at college. the campus is dry, so any alcohol on campus is not allowed. i live in a room with a connecting bathroom to another room. the lady who cleans our bathroom every week found it. fortunately she is really nice, and she said she wouldn't report it.
The girl i'm seeing came over after her class and wanted to take a nap while i read game of thrones. She's snuggled up right next to me looking cute as can be so i decided that got could wait. After a while she woke up. we started kissing groping and in general initiating sexy time.
i was showing one of my supervisors some photos on my ipad at work and i accidentally showed her a nude photo. she just laughed and walked away. i'm sure she's cool with it, but it embarrassed the hell out of me. thank goodness i'm not fired.
i put the chicken in the oven, set the timer, put everything in to cook. only now, ten minutes later, do i realize i completely forgot to defrost the chicken. i could cry. i do not recommend the microwave method. i'm not gonna starve. i don't want to starve.
i was running on very little sleep, and the exam was pretty difficult. at my school we use 'blue books,' little notebooks to write your answers. i got an extra one for scratch paper, and every time i struggled with a problem i wrote on a scratch page  "fuck, i can't do this " i even wrote a few in calligraphy to kill time at the end. then i accidentally turned in the scratch blue book instead of my actual exam. i'm so ashamed at my own stupidity.
i'm house sitting for my aunt and while i was at work, her dog got sick and had diarrhea all over the floor. i picked it up and tried to clean it with tap water and some stain remover i found under the sink, it ran out. went to walmart and got some oxi-clean because the internet told me to. at 2 am i called my dad and asked what to do and he said he'd bring his carpet cleaner the next morning. so i left it, all night.next morning my dad comes over and he forgot the cleaner so i go to fry's and use that, it helped the initial stain but now it's noticeably white on a be
i went to the chiropractor and after they are done popping your joints they hook up to these two electrode things on your lower back that shock you. the idea is to kind of half ass short circuit your nerve endings and also loosen and strengthen up the muscles. so you lay down they hook these things up. they ask you to tell them when its comfortable or not, the problem is though no matter how high you start it out at it, it doesn't feel like much 30 seconds later. i do this 4 times until the point where the lights in the office are flickering my whole lower body is spasming and it feels like im gaining some sort of super power.
Anonymous user wrote a story about a bike trail accident. The story received reddit gold, despite the massive shithole below. The author was covered in ammonium nitrate as a result of the accident. He also had to ice his wrist with an instant-ice pack.
i thought i might like to study engineering so i took a lot of difficult courses this semester. i ended up getting two fs, which will mean automatic dismissal for two semesters. my family cannot afford the extra semesters i will need to graduate so i'll have to drop out. i'm safe, guys--just probation.
Gilby the pitbull attacked detroit and gallagher at a local humane society. When detroit was finally separated, gilby started up again. Gilby bit me on the arm (lovely jaw-shaped punctures and bruises there), the hands several times, and my elbow.
Last night i was up until the wee hours of the am battling the ss diarrhea in my stomach. torpedo after torpedo of wet, juicy chinese take-out was erupting from the abyss within like mt. vesuvius on poor, poor pompeii. i debated on staying home from school today, but i realized the end of the first quarter was upon me, and i had a fairly large government test i couldn't afford to miss. i manned up and took some pills for the ever-churning cauldron of shit still remaining. fast forward- i'm sitting at my desk filling out my scantron when all of a sudden, it hits me. i have
i ran out of gas on the side of a mountain. now waiting for aaa with gas to get me home. when will i learn? i thought i had enough to make it there and back, i'll fill up when i get home. turns out, i only hadenough to make a quarter of the way home.
i'm a senior in highschool and i was in my 3rd class. i didn't sleep much last night so i was kind of drowsy in the beginning classes of the day. i woke up as the bell went off to go to the next class when i found a wad of big league chew stuck to my sweatshirt. as i tried to pull it off it kept sticking to everything. my desk, hands, sweatshirt, classwork covered in the mess.
i was on my way back from a week long business trip in paris, madrid, japan, macau, hong kong, vietnam, laos, australia, singapore, malaysia, africa, north america, the soviet union, yugoslavia, the holy roman empire, sparta, venice, the kalmar union, norway, the faroe islands, athens, london, istanbul, constantinople, byzantium, the khoo islands, bangladesh, india, bavaria and rome. i know that i probably shouldn't have been
i work at a factory, and we have various machines and a couple of them are run by these old windows xp computers. on wednesday of last week, one of these testing machines was not working, and after 5 hours of downtime, they finally realized that this memory card that records data was full and needed to be changed out. this is the second time this has happened, and no one seems to ever remember to check the memory card. i was looking at the plain black wallpaper on that computer and it occurred to me that i could open up ms paint, make a black png, add in some text that said  "is the memoryCard full? " at the bottom of the screen in
A friend of mine was upset when she saw a video of her high school shooting. She was in tears when she realized what had happened. The video was in bad taste. She is still angry with me. i am currently asking for her forgiveness which luckily she is a kind enough person to not hold a grudge. but still, thinking about it now.... it was all pretty fucked up on my part.
i accidentally said out loud  "hey you know what's better then getting a gold-medal at the olympics " my friend realises that some scary old looking guy is watching us. i say bye to h and i nope the fuck out of there. tifu.
 "i think i'm starting to feel something for molly too but i don't want to do that to someone who has been my friend for so long "  "i don't know what to tell greg or molly and it's just a whole fucked up situation "
Last week was my sister's birthday and like any good brother i didn't bother getting her anything until the last minute. Knowing i had to put something in the post i used my phone to take a photo of her address which hangs on a notice board in my kitchen so i could go into town, buy a card and post it there and then. A week later and there's still no card, my sister has been to the post office who were no help and i feel shitty.
i had never donated before and i wanted to do my part. this being my first time i did what everybody told me to do, eat a good breakfast, drink lots of water. not 2 minutes after i finished sat down a friend of mine of mine had just finished giving blood and sat down next to me. just as she finishes her sentence she goes pale, eyes roll back into her head and she passes out. i then proceeded to throw up for the next 10 minutes and feel like death for an hour after that. safe to say i will not be donating anymore.
My sister finally had a job after months of searching and i threw it away because i had to be an annoying fucking idiot. it's 1am and i can't go to sleep because of all the guilt i have. i have no idea how to make it up to her because she tried so hard and nothing i have/can do could match a job.
It's a warm calm spring night here in melbourne. No dogs barking. no obnoxious crickets chirping. if i listen closely i can hear the gentle hum of the freeway a couple of blocks down. so nice, i decided to leave my window open the whole way for the night. it's been open since morning but no big deal. i've done it before. but this time i didn't consider that the fact that it's warm.
i stayed up late reading a book, then proceeded to sleep thru my alarm for my temp job.  The job is having interviews tomorrow for the permanent position. tifu yesterday night i stayed upLate reading a Book, Then proceeded to Sleep Through My Alarm for My Temp Job.
My mother has struggled with depression all of her life. Recently an incident at her work tipped her over the edge. She is now working another job where she works 65 hours a week and never gets to see me or my father. This all coincides with my first ever semester of college, and being the severely depressed person i am currently.
i was trying to be able to code c in eclipse and didn't know that the already existing  " path " variable was the same as the  "path " variable. so when i made a new variable for  "path, " the old one and all its references (java, n Nvidia drivers, bluetooth, and tons of other things most likely were gone) so now i'm sitting here begging for system restore to 8 hours ago works. to add to the misery i still can't get eclipse to output to the console when debugging... thus i'm so failing my exams tomorrow!
i'm used to having decent sized sessions, i've ate weed, smoked weed and vaped weed. so i go to a gathering at short notice and bring a good ole bag of pot thinking people would be keen for a sesh. unfortunately no one was particularly down for the green. my friend said he'd be happy to roll my joint whilst i went to the toilet (i can trust him not to take any) which i agreed to. 5 mins after my body was paralysed, i could barely move and not make sense of any conversations going on around me. i ended up throwing up on the side of the road at 4 am when someone from a car yelled out  "p
i am sad. we met, saw each other four times consecutively and then i got super wasted and now he is distant. he is clearly giving me the fade-out. i am better than my drunk self. my own fault. he isn't admitting he's gone yet.
i took a selfie of myself, half naked, thinking that i would have the option to choose who i want to send it to. When i press the next button, the photo published itself as a  "story " it won't go away for 24 hours, and people in my entire friends list can see it, as many times as they want to. 60% of my friends on snapchat is from the same university we are all going to, and this is a very small uni.
i just walked in there, fully clothed and in perfect health, with a vague desire to go to the bathroom. then, i scrunched up my face real hard, balled my fists, put a slight bend in my legs and just forced my self to do a shit, right there in my pants, in the living room.at first, it wasn't going to happen, but i just squeezed my gut harder, and focussed myself. finally, as my face began turning purple and the veins in my neck stood right out, i curled out an enormous great shit into my pants. i was so relieved at completing this feat, i smiled slightly to myself and as my whole body
While watching hockey early this evening, i felt another one of my atomic farts coming on and like a fool i trusted it as i had all the others. big mistake. all over boxers, shorts, couch. this was no shart, this was a shitty old faithful. good thing my couch is brown i guess.
i lost the best job i ever had, and i still haven't recovered. my boss asked me if i wanted to go to a conference/festival out of town to help a co-worker, and thinking it would be a great opportunity, i said yes. i was feeling really cocky the whole time i was there, partly because nobody knew who i was, and partly because it felt like i was back in high school at that particular conference. i started talking to these 2 girls, things were escalating, and in a moment of utter weakness and stupidity i handed them my personal business card. the girls walk away, i think everything's fine until their teacher walks over, asks if
i slept through my 4 adventure time alarms instead of waking up for my 2nd week of a new job. and had sweet dreams of adventure time while i slept. and having sweet dreams. i slept through. my four adventure time alarm instead of wake up formy 2ndweek of anew job.
21-year-old started job refueling aircraft at a small/mid sized airport. Had just gotten the hang of doing all the paperwork and driving the big fuel trucks. Accidentally doubled the fuel load of a private charter plane that had been fueled by his manager in the morning.
i tried plunging enough times that had i been doing in in the ground i would have struck oil already. and now it's not flushing properly. anybody got a fix for me to try before i call a plumber to roto this bowl? I've tried everything i can think of.
My family, despite being heavily involved in the medical and public health sphere, can be completely inappropriate, politically incorrect, hilarious assholes.  "i just read you can also do enema retentions for poop transfusions so i pick that "  "i sat in the library, choking for air while my stomach fell out of my butt "
i had a pe lesson today at the local games field - it's a about a mile away from our school and has a running track, cricket pitch etc. some boys start pushing around a cylindrical rubbish bin, trash can. they're kicking it to one another and watching it roll around on the slightly less steep part of the hill. i decide the safest and most obvious choice is to jump over this bin and emerge on the other side triumphant and laughing. no. this does not happen. i am somehow straddling the rubbish bin. i cannot move. the bin continues to roll and since only one of my legs is touching the ground, i am helpless to stop it. i
A rural family's water well ran dry this morning. The family was using an unused shallow well, which always seems to have lots of water in it. Now they have no water, no cistern to store water they get shipped in, and my wife is pissed that i didn't get this all arranged and dealt with properly.
An annoy-a-tron was found at a bank branch in Canada. The device is designed to drive people bonkers. The bank closed the branch and hired a team of investigators to search every square inch of the building for the device. The team found nothing and the branch was closed for the day.
 "little tifuthwaway " wasn't very happy with me and was asking for some attention. while my girlfriend and her friend went to make dinner, i decided to go into her friend's bathroom and try to do a little business. however, i didn't expect my girlfriend to come walking in to tell me that dinner was ready. She asks,  "what is that on your hand? " to which i honestly, but dejectedly reply,  "friend x's hair conditioner "
i got married last week. it was a small family only ceremony in our backyard. i recently found out from a dentist that i have a problematic wisdom tooth that must be removed. my wife has awesome insurance so we pushed the wedding up so i could be on her plan. we had a wonderful time at the lake. until today that is.
Last year i went to summer school, and make up the credits that i had to. and this year i passed all my classes so here i am thinking i'm golden. so anyways i go down to the counselors office and he pulls up my transcript and says you are missing some credits. long story short it turns out last year we didn't go over the other credits i have to make up before i can graduate, a grand total of 5 credits.
i worked at a pizza place on a college campus. The staff in our store were not the most lawful people i've ever met. Any time a cop would come into the store we'd be on high alert. One day a whole van of them show up! there's like 7 cops in uniform parading towards the store. They order one pepperoni and one ham. for some reason i thought i heard the guy say bacon.
i am known for being conservative and sweet, and happy but hands-to-myself when drunk. a few days ago, i was with a group of friends, including the guy i am in love with and who has feelings for me. to make a long story short, i decided to up the ante on everyone and drink as much vodka as i could. i drank more than half the bottle in a couple hours and got the kind of rowdy no one really wants to witness. i was all over this guy i love to the point of making people uncomfortable, and when he went to the bathroom, apparently i did the same thing to his friend. he came out and saw the tail
i'd never attempted this before, but proceeded (with great care), with the only razor in the house at the time - dad's face one, but he was never going to find out. everything went smoothly, and i then went off to school. Later got a call from my mum, yelling down the phone 'what did you shave this morning, the drains are completely blocked!'. so i was like 'umm, my face' she didn't buy this, so i hung up. Later went home to find my dad, the voice of reason - 'i'd rather you hadn't used my face razor, but it must have been his legs, go on son, show your mum
i'm a healthcare professional on my last 11-7 shift at a particularly boring institution on the last day of my 12 night stretch. 6 of these days have resulted in over 12hour shifts. i'm exhausted. now i'm all cracked out on otc energy. shaking like a leaf and bouncing off the walls. omg i think i'm going to die! glad i'm around some competent, non judgemental nurses.
 "i just jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning. son of a bitch. i just jerk it until 1 am, " he says.  "I just jerk it until ... 1 am "  "I'm like a kid, " he adds.  "i'm like ... a kid. "
 "i was surprisingly not burned well not very badly and now i will be more careful when i smoke "  "i light up enjoying the thc flow through me and as i go to ash we hit and bump and i knock my cherry off and on to my jeans "  "I was high and scared start to freak out and panic "
i'm no novice with hair dye. since the age of 14, i have dyed my hair every possible color: black, brown, blonde, red, orange, green, blue, purple, pink....everything. i have 7 years of hair dying under my belt. i forgot to put protection on my hands. i squirted red dye straight onto my unprotected fingertips and proceeded to massage it into my dreads. only after two dreads did i realize the error of my ways. i can't tell if it's hair dye, blood, or both.
i graduated over the weekend and received quite a bit of money from my graduation party. i was a little drunk, very horny, and had a lot of money hanging around. so, i decided to peruse the internet looking for a cheap lay. regretfully, i found one for 70, i went to a cheap hotel and had sex with a morbidly obese fat woman. about 5 minutes later i left feeling horribly ashamed. like 1,000 x's more ashamed than i do after some gross porn.
i just started my very first job on friday. i was working today when all of a sudden, i started crying for no real reason. i couldn't calm down in the break room and had to leave early. the schedule got messed up because of me and i feel like a complete jackass for crying.
i've been talking to this girl who lives 4 hours away from me every day since we hooked up at a wedding. she's coming to stay with me this weekend and we've been txting/sending pics for a few weeks now non stop. she sent me a real sexy one tonight so i forwarded to my brother with  "this is the lovely lady coming to visit me nest weekend "  yea, kind of over stepping boundaries but i doubt she'd care and its my brother! nope, its my dad.
today i was lifting with a friend and i decided to try and do a pull up. i dropped down too quickly and i can hear my shoulder just crunch and feel it move out of place. so i end up just hanging from this pull up bar with my right arm and i am just kind of dangling there. in the end they bought me to the hospital room and give me some lovely things that made me feel all happy inside and they made my shoulder all better again.
i got called in to manage one of the stores i work in because the gm had an emergency (her 16 year old son was stabbed by a girl at school). now scheduled to work a 12 1/2 hour shift while already behind, i began to feel the effects of the stress. didn't help that i'm working with a really hot girl and i'm probably ovulating because i'm horny as fuck. regular stress + sexual frustration = having a bad time.
i think i shaved the top layer of skin off of part of my sack. not sure what i did, but the skin is red and it stings like a bitch.god damn it. i think i did something to my skin. it's red, it's painful, and it's all over my face.
7-month-old daughter pooped in her bouncer. It went down her leg, to the floor and onto the carpet. The carpet took a ton of scrubbing, but carpet cleaner for pet poop works just as good for baby poop. The only good thing about all this is she's on a decent amount of solid foods, so it was pretty dry.
i have a habit of eating like complete garbage when i'm drinking. i got home last night and keeled over in abdominal pain. took a shit, then had some sex and went to sleep. i woke up this morning butt naked with the sheets off most of the mattress. i'm not proud of it, and i probably will never live it down.
i usually don't remember my dreams, but i'm pretty sure i won't forget this one. so, i'm back in high school at a party at some friends house. their parents are out of town. my high school sweetheart was there too. so was this asshole (made up asshole) who was trying to steal my girl. the fight ensues. a few headbutts, punches, throws, broken tables and chairs later, i decide i should bust out some ninja moves. i kicked the dream asshole as hard as i could aaaaaaaaaannnddd... now i'm awake screaming in pain - almost in tears. i think i may have broken my big toe on
My daughter took a liking to my old phone and was playing with it. at some point during the process of playing with my phone my daughter somehow managed to turn on a video of things she probably shouldnt have been able to see in front of my wife and her best friend. fuck.
i'm abroad and on a journey of self discovery, exploring what it means to be a modern woman in society. shit happens. i'm in a foreign country, i'm not there for the money, I'm here for the adventure. i'll be back in a month or so.
i have a tutor for organization and stuff, and she just left her phone out with no password set. being the incredibly smart guy i am, i decided to open facebook and post  "8=d~ "i'm probably getting suspended for it. i have no motherfucking brain. i can't even make it funny and laugh at.
My frient's birthday is this weekend so last night i rolled up a bunch of tobacco + powdered hash spliffs to have them ready for the weekend. i'm the only agent working today and it's me and two receptions right now so at least my boss wont see me high but wow am i an idiot!  we close 4:30 so it's doable but if anyone comes in for serious business or a claim or someshit....... fuuuuuuck that's be bad.
i ended up dragging one of my wheels (thankfully just one) a good 15 miles down the freeway before i realized there was a problem. apparently you're not supposed to do that, because the back brakes can get stuck. woo. luckily, not a whole lot of damage to the tire because the roads were wet. so i guess that's good.
The dreams are intense and as vivid as real life. The last time i forgot to take it off for a nap, i woke up questioning reality on a major level. i watched my cousin stab my other cousin in the chest, he's 7. i spent the rest of the time trying to get a refund for my ticket to disney world, and i was covered in blood.
A year ago, i was driving on some country roads in england. I was going about 35mph when a car came around the corner at some speed. I panicked as i thought neither car could fit on the road if we were to pass, so i slammed on the brakes. by slamming the brakes on, i veered past the oncoming car and into a metal pole. i ripped the whole bumper off of the car and some of the side panels as well. the car wouldn't start either so i had to call the aa, and the axel had snapped making it impossible to steer.
i dropped my phone...into a pack of butter. the charging port and speaker holes were filled with butter. i left my phone in a bowl of rice to  "dry " for the rest of the day. i hope it will fix itself in the next few days.
i tried to make it better by pouring water on it to get it out. turns out it doesn't work that way. now i've got a large light-brown stain instead of a small coffee stain. i just look like i'm wearing an old dirty shirt. fml interview is in 10 min and i'm out of ideas.
i must've thought that going into the foodtruck business was a great idea...and won both auctions.  now i have to figure out how to get out of it. sort of a ambien blackout where i must've Thought that Going into the Foodtruck Business was a Great Idea.
 "i was acting like i was going to bite it to make her stop! "  "i didn't bite down, but rather slid off so it turned into more of a lick/suck "  "i even more awkwardly said,  "i thought you'd move that. " she just looked at me "
i was playing xbox in my room and had the idea to release the kraken. i'm deathly afraid of bees and run whenever i see them. as my schlong is letting loose it's man-water, i feel something crawl up my arm. i jump like a motherfucker while pissing and my piss flys everywhere. i hit the top of the toilet, the flush lever, my wall, and my moms expensive as fuck drapes. since it's humid out, the piss began to ferment and you could still smell it.
i like a girl i work with, but she was mad at me so i may have showed emotion at work and now my coworkers want her dead. i still like her, and i have no hard feelings but i had sorrow in my voice, which may have fucked her over. my bad.
i was on my way to canada from an asian country. just before the flight, i got really sick, mostly vomiting and diarrhea. so i was shiting and throwing up the whole time. in the middle of my shiting, i had to throw up and without thinking much, i just got up and threw up on the sink. i felt something weird release out of my butt, so i looked at my pants but they were perfectly fine so i wiped my butt and cleaned the sink (at this point i didn't look anywhere else beside the sink and the toilet paper roll). i felt pretty satisfied after cleaning the sink, and i thought to myself that no one would even know
 "So me and this girl pretty attractive and nice. we dated for like 6 moths or so. but anyway like a month after we started dating we started having sex. it was great. but so the first few times we did not use a condom but she was on birth control. so i did not want any kids so just to be safe i bought some condoms. "
So, my coworkers and i plan to go get a few drinks, and then call it a night, we all have work the next morning. A few drinks end up being many drinks, which leads us to our first liquor store, where we proceed to get some cigarettes and tallcans... and a flask of fireball (if you don't know what it is, picture liquid big red gum, with a rather potent alcohol content) We then start walking, and end up at another liquor store... moretallcans purchased, as well as more fireball, at my insistance.
i was feeling really bloated and backed up, and being the hypochondriac that i am, i went and popped laxatives without even thinking twice about my actions. about an hour later, i'm on my way to a friend's house to hit the gym and then have a sleep over. half way through my work out, i start feeling the tell-tale laxative cramps. as were cozying up to watch a movie, my gut starts rumbling like nothing else. i start panicking, assuming that i was gonna either shit myself, or throw up. i call my mom asking her about the dosage on the laxatives. she tells me i'll be fine,
A little stoned, and only mildly intelligent... no real damage done though, thank science. a combo of being late to work, a little strolled, andonly mildly intelligent. a combination of being early to work and a little Stoned. No real damagedone though, thanks science.
i was bored at work, typing in old gf's names and seeing how fat they are now (note: real fat) i get back to this girl i had a thing with in college. her fb is locked down, the only pic is an old one from about the time we were together. i see that she's married now. i google her married name.  link comes up with a small business she has with her husband. i think hmmm, maybe if i google him there'll be a pic of the two of them, that works often. well, apparently he (nerdy white guy) shares a name with a popular african-american male porn star
i was at a preschool thing helping, and i went to put on the ymca song for this kids birthday party. so i hook my phone up to the speakers and look for the song. i see ilbts and think its ymCA, so i put that on and walk away. i come back about a minute later and hear joe walsh singing  "i like big tits! " i was red with embarrassment but luckily no one heard it.
My girlfriend lives with her mom. She and her mom were preparing for a trip to new york to do some sight seeing. Around 1 am sexy times began to commence. At about 5 am her mom yells down the stairs at her to get her ass up and on the road. She yelled back  "give me a second i didn't get to sleep till 2! "
i went to my girlfriends house the other day, nothing unusual but a bit later than usual, so me and her go to her room and she says she wants to listen to some music. i say cool and reach in my pocket for my iphone and headphones only the iphones forgot my headphones. anyways i throw it on pandora and the station its on is currently playing, bad touch by blood hound gang's if you've ever heard that song it isn't exactly kid friendly so right when it gets started i try to put away my phone end up opening safari in my panic and (in full volume) blare out my last open tab....brazzer's needless
i have a hair trimmer with various length plastic attachments, the kind that have pointy ends. i'm cruising along making good time, finishing up the bottom of my nut sack.  well, i will just say that the pointy Ends of a trimmer attachment can quickly puncture a nut sack, for it pierced 2 holes in the bottom. i thought about putting a band-aid over it, but decided against that idea for obvious reasons.
i went to the em, as suggested. the results were inconclusive. i have an appointment in peterborough with an optic specialist on august 4th. i'll either update then, or if something happens. if something big happens i'll probably start a new post... again...
The writer's penis was damaged during a sexual encounter with his girlfriend. He was unable to urinate for a few days after the incident. The doctor gave him an over-the-counter painkiller to ease the pain. The pain is subsiding, but his penis is bright orange and syrupy.
i approached the intersection. it had some traffic, as it usually does, but not much. i see a minivan with wierd decorations driving at an extremely slow rate on its red, my green. rather than stop in the middle of the intersection with possible oncoming traffic, i swerve around it. when driving down the next street, i stare into the rear-view mirror, wondering what the hell is going on.that's when i saw the hearse.
i'm 14, 7 years under the legal limit for the united states, and i drank wine. i was craving pepsi a few minutes ago and there was a relatively full bottle of diet cherry in the kitchen. i took a sip, and it tasted less carbonated, so i assumed it just went flat, and took another sip. then it hit me.
After a workout i really needed to take a shower. i shampoo and rinse, thinking i am done and ready to leave. i rub over my head just to realize that i left a spot behind my ear still foamy. being lazy and not wanting to move i try to turn the water back on while pressing against the wall of my shower. the right side of my bollocks turns into a deep red, almost filling the air with the smell of hard boiled eggs. ouch!
While feeding my bearded dragon i took out a tube full of crickets. As i was approaching to dump them into the bag i guess my hand hit something causing the tube to drop to the ground. i hope all you reptile keepers feel my pain and if you don't have reptiles crickets suck.
i had the most aggressive, intense, and bloody poop i had ever passed in my entire life. after two of these massively uncomfortable bowel movements, i was beyond exhausted. so i took a couple of minutes to relax and recuperate, then began the terrible process of cleaning an epic-ass mess. sometimes, when you have diarrhea, you have to compromise.
 "i was leaving the bar after a goodbye party for an old roommate of mine, needless to say i was pretty drunk. as i'm leaving i see a girl walking up to me and she seems pretty excited to see me and shouts my name " i respond with  "hey, i know you " and she thinks i'm joking about not knowing her name and laughs it off. but then she realized i wasn't joking and got rightfully upset. we don't see each other often, but we've known each other for a very long time. now i feel like a dick and she's not very impressed.
i am refinishing a bench i got from my neighbor's trash (don't judge me) i put stain/poly on the boards for it and then went to wash the brush. for some reason i thought washing the brush bare-handed was a good idea, and proceeded to fan out the brush with my hands under the water. i'm surprised my neighbors didn't hear me scream.
i'm a 16-year-old girl with no car and a crazy libido. i decided to get my mother to buy me a cooch buzzer. i promptly started crying from embarrassment in the middle of the store holding a vibrator. i live in a very small, 90% mormon area. i see people i go to school with all the time in there and buying something to pleasure yourself with isn't exactly praised.
i (f) was taught to do all my own maintenance and minor repairs by my mechanic father. i jumped it, went to the store to get a new battery, then drove home to change it. i put the old battery back in to go back to get the correct battery. truck wont start. i figured that it had actually fried the main computer system for my truck. i called up the nissan dealer and asked how much for a new computer. $2000+ and it would take almost 2 weeks to get here. i start to look around for a cheaper alternative. ebay has one for $300. i'm into taking the chance. only problem is this one will take
everyone laughed. it was pretty embarrassing. i had to make the split second decision to either pretend like i was injured or just go along with the laughter. i won't be able to laugh about this for months. i just went along with it. i don't know why i did it.
So it was my 19th birthday i was feeling very horny so i of course masterbaited. Keep in mind i tried to not jack off for a while so i was a noob again. After 10 good minutes i feel something a little more thick. so as i started bleeding through my ballz i freak out. i trip and it shatters. there is a sp piece of glass now what i thought had severed my sack. fastforward an hour turns out the top side of my balls were cut. but they are now ok.
i purchased the tickets about a month ago but only realized about a week ago that it was on the night of her birthday. i'll be sure to take her out for a nice dinner the next night. she's actually going to a concert the following night. thanks again for all the (brutal) honesty.
i was eating a funnel cake when my stomach felt like it was rumbling so i thought if was because i drank a lot of milk so i had dismissed it. after a good hour it was gurgling again so i went to the bathroom with my gf. i looked at her to say something but then it happened.i vomitted all over her brand fucking new cloths.
i went to start a fire but used petrol due to a lack of diesel. i then went out to lunch with a new haircut, trimmed beard and scorched eyebrows.til petrol+fire= bad idea. i went to starting a fire and used petrol. i used petrol and used diesel. I started a fire, used petrol, used diesel, and then went to lunch.
A reddit user ate a ton of funnel cake, fried oreos, and more than his share of soda. The food caught up with him, and he had to evacuate his bowels in a porta potty. He then vomited stomach acid and half-digested deep fried food into the toilet.
i was on a bus with an old lady who i presume is about 90. i stood up to let her sit, but i forgot my umbrella was on the ground. i tripped up and completely fell on the old lady. A giant un-ladylike fart (or at least i hope it was a fart) plopped straight out of her.
i met this big beautiful 21 year old when i was only 17. We were touch buddies for awhile and when i turned 18 i said we could do things. We fell out of contact and only kept each other updated via status updates and the occasional email. we literally speak once every 4 to 5 months. we don't never see each other in person and we've just grown out of that life.
i didn't realize i was on his account because of gmail's new way to send emails straight from cl. i sent another email apologizing and told them i was using my neighbor's computer to job hunt and this happened. i'm beyond embarrassed and will be forever jobless.
My mom wanted to upload some pictures, so i thought imgur would be the best solution. When i go to the homepage they have all the most recently uploaded pictures, including a lesbian couple who were fisting each other violently. as soon as i saw it i ctrl+w'd out of that like a madman, but i'm sure she thinks i'm uploading her work pictures on a porn website.
i read about a facebook prank where you swap your profile picture and name to match someone else's. i did it on april fool's day and she got super pissed and now she and another friend won't talk to me. i said nothing to anyone except her, so it's not like i could have hurt her reputation. i changed it back immediately when she told me to.
i was at school and hadn't seen my girlfriend for almost a week. we decided to go to our schools wrestling room for we have done it there before and no one had ever shown up. we had only been started for maybe 30 seconds, when the wrestling coach walked in. he told us to get our clothes on and go to the office. we did so. our parents were called, and so were the police. had my girlfriends mother or my mother pressed charges i would have been labeled a registered sex offender for life and would have gone to jail. so today i royally screwed up.
i'm the vp corporate relations and sponsorships for my university's case competition. i had a meeting with a faculty member who has a lot of contacts in the industry and can hook me up with useful networking channels. instead of swiping 3 fingers to the left, i accidentally swiped my fingers upwards and so there was my background photo and all the desktops around it. i died at that moment and although the whole situation loosened up the seriousness of the meeting, i knew for a fact that he looks at me differently now. if he doesn't decide to help, my job gets exponentially harder.
 "i went to get my usual morning iced coffee. had to use the restroom and it was too far to drop off my coffee at my office "  "it fell off the tp holder right onto the front of my shirt, in my pants, down my legs and into my shoes. oh yeah, and all over my phone "
i am lactose intolerant but i had my lactaid pills so i wasn't too worried when my black coffee came with some milk in it. i was on my way to work and drank it with the pills. no problems. i work in a factory on assembly line and this means lifting car parts around all day, very labor intensive. so after i start my shift i start to feel a bit sick... which eventually leads to me throwing up at break, i feel a a bit better after but then when i got back to work i felt 10x worse... had to go home. another note, i work for a temp agency and temps are very expendable. they called me
i broke up with my girlfriend of ~5 months and went on a shagging spree. hooked up with a fair few girls and i was enjoying myself. a week later my knobs swollen and she texts me that she's preggers with what she believes to be my baby. i asked the girl if she was 100% sure it was mine and she said no. so where do i go from here?
A friend and his roommate took their dog out for a late-night meal. The dog was later found wandering the streets of Manhattan. The pup was reunited with her owners after a police officer found her walking down an onramp to the Lincoln tunnel. The pub where the dog was last seen is now closed for the night.
18-year-old has been talking to a girl for about a year through text and facebook. The pair agreed to meet up but then he started talking to an incredible hot girl. Now dayna will not talk to me at all. The meet up with emma went incredible well but to be honest i dont think there is anything between us other than being good friends.
i was working at the new location today. i heard my phone ring and fished it out of my manpurse.  two calls from the  "regular " location, two minutes apart, and two voicemails.  i hurriedly tried to check the messages, thinking there might've been some scheduling confusion.  But my phone service had  "upgraded " the voicemail, and wouldn't let me get to my messages.
i have been helping some good friends of my family move out of their house. so the husband (lets call him bob) my two friends and i are helping him pack his garage when he offers for us to smoke some weed with him. being the pothead i am, he didn't have to ask me twice. so he pulls out this funky looking pipe and i jokingly say, that looks like a crack pipe! and we all laugh as he says that he just got some wax. well i have never smoked wax, so he teaches me the way he does it, and i light my hit. i instantly say  "wow, that doesn't taste anything like weed i've smoked. "
A friend of mine threw her 3-year-old son off a 4-foot high curb. The boy had been having a rough day and was being the child equivalent of an asshole. The mom was torn between laughing at her stupidity and worrying for her son.  "i think this should be in /r/imgoingtohellforthis "
i was at the roller rink and had to piss. my skates roll out as i'm pissing. i fall face first into the urinal while pissing all over my shirt. so now i'm covered in piss and have urinal water in my hair. i try to get up and fall again, this time hitting my nose on the floor. i'm now at this point a piss and blood covered mess, and have to walk out of the rink in this state. this was my 1st time skating in a year, and it's gonna be the last.
My mother was away for the day, so i decided to look for some weed of my father's. While looking through the closet i found dildos and vibrators and such. Thought,  "well this could come in handy " put some of their lube on and and went away with it. i heard my front door being opened and sure enough it was my mother.
i am a straight male. i enjoy anal play. i have a plastic bag with two (rather large) toys and two containers of lube. i put this under my mattress and today my grandpa and i were putting carpet in my room. we move the bed and i realize my mistake right as we're removing the top mattress. my grandfather is on the other side of the bed where the plastic bag was. i see him look through the bag suspiciously. no eye contact. he quickly realizes what it is and puts the bag to the side.
A large bottle of water had spilled in the back floorboard of my car. i put a towel over it, weighed it down with some textbooks, and forgot about it. this afternoon i finally decided that i couldn't handle the mess anymore and pulled out the vacuum. everything was going smoothly until i rediscovered the stack of books in that godforsaken floorboard. i guess they liked the combination of water and dirt, or maybe the car gods just decided to frown upon me. i'm covered in ant bites, the textbooks are ruined, and i'll be driving around with ant poison for the next few days.
i have a hamster, and her name is cocoa. My brother and i got her and another hamster named oreo last week, as a present for our doing good in our final exams and classes. Since school's out, we have been working in our backyard, rooting out weeds and planting flowers, things like that. today, we took a break, and i remembered how my room smelled thanks to cocoa. my brother lifted her pen while i lifted the tarp, and she wiggled through. i spent thirty minutes looking for her, and eventually got my brother to realize that she is *gone*, and i needed his help finding her.
i was at my little brothers elementary school graduation. i decided to try out some cheesy pickup lines. before i get a chance to see her face, she turns around while saying  "excuse me " and i realise that the ass belonged to an elementary school teacher. i quickly apologized and got the fuck out of there and texted my parents i was at the car.
The rest of the walk to the register however was quite awkard. by god that burrito was superb though, but the rest of it was a bit of a let-down. It was a shame to miss out on the best part of the experience though. It would have been great to have seen some of the other restaurants in London.
usually i go to the bathroom before every run to ensure no...surprises creep up on my in the middle of the run. well today i apparently decided it would be a fantastic idea to forgo the morning deuce before running. i got about half way into my run when i started feeling the urge. a buildup of pressure was occurring in my abdomen and that combined with a side stitch was giving me fits.
 "i fell in love with her appearance, she had the most mesmerizing, deep blue eyes, soft face, cute slim nose with a little bulk on it, big lips, and the most charming smile which fit perfectly with her blonde hair "  "she was the female version of me, we cherished the exact same things in life. we could talk all night about everything and nothing until we fell asleep because we just didn't have more power left to keep going "  "i always loved my girlfriend, but i started to change, and i got addicted to playing video games. she always supported me and tried to do everything for me, even if it wasn't with her "
i have a brown bathroom mat. i'd never been so mortified as when i cleaned shit off the space below my toes...so gross. then i ran my foot under the shower water and cleaned my feet with hand soap three times. absolutely. fucking. disgusting.
i was cutting wood with a chop saw, the piece was to long so i being stupid tried to support by putting my finger in a odd position and cut the board which proceeds to kick and throw my finger into the blade cutting 50% though the bone and about 65% around my finger.
 "i had a big greasy burger so the poop wasn't a clean exit. i found some leaves and that was that "  "i'm sitting here in the car waiting for the shoot to be done before i can take a long shower of shame and grab some chamomile lotion or something "
i went to college for a year, the first semester was absolutely horrible. i was convinced that i could do better my second semester, but if i didn't i knew there would be consequences. i barely went to my classes, started self harming again, stopped taking my depression meds... it was bad. i'm disgusted with myself. i hate myself for doing this to my parents.
i accidentally highlighted and extra name. so far she hasn't opened it, but i'm terrified. so lives near my college and i'm home for the holidays. we were feeling frisky and started snapchatting some dirty pictures. in a rush of excitement, i accidentally highlighted  u00a0and extra name, and i was shocked.
i got up this afternoon to prepare my awesome christmas brisket. the recipe unfortunately requires four large and very hot jalape u00f1os. after washing my hands vigorously, i flopped on the couch to watch some tv and surf the web. as all lazy asses tend to do, i reached into my pants to relieve an itch and ended up scratching my taint a little. thinking nothing of it i went on fiddling with my balls. about 2 - 3 minutes later it felt as if the devil himself was working his way out of my epididymis and along the back side of my sack to tap dance on my tainted! the only thing i thought could possibly relieve this
i'm coming home from a pre-christmas party and i'm tired as fuck. so i'll do what anyone would do, i'll go straight to bed. i turned the lights off, turned my heater on and left the room to go take a piss. **dead wrong.**i dove for my bed and i ended up face planting my dresser.
A couple nights ago i was benzodrinking with my boys and i mistakenly sent the girl i love how i feel. She freaked out and didnt feel the same way i did. i feel like shit anyone know how long it takes for a heart to heal?
The wasabi farts have become more volatile and far more noxious than they were last night. The worst thing was whenever i tried to take a leak. i have been drinking water like crazy but it is always cloudy yellow and burns like a ghost chili coming up the urinary tract. will update after the reckoning.
i knew mandolines are dangerous.  i really did. i'd used mine several times without incident, so when my mom asked me to use it to slice cabbage for sauerkraut, i didn't worry.i should have. Now i'm missing the corner of my pinkie.
The server went down (company-wide), forcing a signature on all debit & credit purchases. We couldn't accept giftcards or ebt, and checks were kind of iffy. i had this huge $300 order where the check wouldn't go through, so my manager and i spent 15 minutes trying to figure it out. after we finally figured it out, the person behind them paid with a $100 bill. i asked my manager to look at it, and she said it was counterfeit. i feel so guilty, terrible, and stupid that i let this happen. hopefully i won't be in too much trouble.
All started last night with massive puking and shitting myself about 4 hours after eating a steak. 6 hours straight.go to the doc today and i get quarantined for 3 days (it's christmas eve here in japan) so three other families who were coming over to eat dinner tomorrow now can't, i'm not allowed to hold/play with or have contact with my daughter on her first christmas, and i feel like shit.
Last night i fell asleep reading a book i got from the library. i remember waking up to a little rip in the page i left off on. woke up this morning thinking what a weird dream that was, to find out it wasn't a dream. good news is i did such a clean job on the rip that there wasn't anything left to tape it to. that was a lie about that being good news, that is not good news.
The girl i like (who looks like a victoria's secret model so that's what i'm going to call her) was managing at work, and our shifts ended at the same time. She had been talking about wanting to see despicable me, and there was a movie theater about 5 minutes away with a showing right after our shifts. She said yes. +10 ego. -5 ego. had i not bought her coffee this morning, it wouldn't have been so embarrassing, but i'm a chivalrous fuck.
i was about fifteen when. some relatives of mine from further south georgia than i were at a mutual relatives house. these further down guys were my cousins, and i haven't seen them since another big scary family trauma. when everyone went to bed but us, we decided to get a little crazy. we went to the fridge and grabbed some beer, walking in the living room and grabbed another cousins can of grizzly wintergreen. after 2-3 drinks in we thought it would be a good idea to put a dip in. so we did. after awhile, i decided to hop on aol and talk to my girlfriend. after sending her a few things, i started to get
i've been smacking the chicken dry for the past decade, and i've never tried lube before. i thought i was going to face some sort of consequences (something going wrong with my weiner), nothing happened. i panicked and quickly tried to wash it all i can and dismantle it into pieces and let it dry. as of right now, my phone thankfully still works, the only thing gone wrong is that the speakers's sound are lowering tremendously.
i left a can of the good stuff in my coldest box and now my tongue's just drooping out of my mouth like a sick animal. bologna is owny, cheese (but no peas), lettuce? forget us. words of warning: don't freeze mustord.
My house has had a ant problem for years and what ever we do these fuckers will not go away so today i was cleaning the kitchen and i found a hole where they were coming in and out from. So i decided i wanted to pump something up into that hole and make those hell spawn suffer. i got the bright idea to use hand sanitizer... so i get on my knees to get to the hole and i point the tip where the sanitizers comes out of up at the ant hole under that counter and start pumping thesanitizer into the hole. then on one squirt a big freaking drop of sanitizER ricocheted off the underside of the counter right
i was laying butt naked on my bed with the blinds open, the lights on, and my new elderly next door neighbors just drove up in their driveway right next to my window. i don't know what the chances are that they looked over but if they did... they got an eyeful of my ass.
 "Now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and so they did, right there. in front of everyone, " he said.  "I'm like, 'Oh my God, what is going to happen?' And so they went and did it, " he added.  "Right there in front. of everyone. "
i am a guy, and i enjoy quality programming (eg. doctor who, game of thrones, lost, etc.). i just wanted to state that before i begin. i got up this morning, just a little baked from the last night (didn't sleep much). so i sat down on my couch, turned on the tv, and put it to channel 11. i knew the dangers of this channel (neighbours, chick flicks, not awesome stuff) but i went on it anyway.
i had the strong urge to throw pokemon ruby in the old nintendo ds and train those little bastards till they could be trained no more. i locked eyes with the elusive game cartridge and in an instant of complete and utter stupidity i bent down to grab it. completely dropped the box spring and mattress, effectively smashing me in the back of the head and pinning me between the frame and the mattress. i walked away with a massive headache and a hurt back. needless to say, my swampert is at level 62 and i'm about to give the elite four an ass fucking for the ages.
i should also mention that the girl i called fat is a yoga instructor and is most definitely not fat in any way. having an awesome house party and several very attractive women in their early 20s, lots of beer and booze, great night. as things progress, i'm pretty well lit so i swoop in and pick this tiny girl up (one arm under the legs and one behind her back) and it's all fun'n'games. set her down, go to pick her friend up and drunkenly fail, resulting in us tumbling forward and me landing on her. she laughs and asks  "what the fuck man! " and i replied  "you're too heavy! "
i was working at a home and garden thing selling junk to people. during the slow times i talked with the dude in the next booth over. he starts talking about how he still has a few years before his daughter gets really out of control. i go and tell him  "that's why the old lady and i decided to adopt, they behave better if they know they can be sent back "
i have been doing some kegels and some core stuff lately, and apparently its been working. i feel myself  "letting the safety go " and for a reason i will never understand lay back a little bit. what happened next sent me into a tizzy. i know some guys do this for fun but not me no. it was gross.
The final is actually tomorrow, just some misinformation. looks like i'm retaking that next semester. it was monday. so relieved. i did not fuck up. i was just confused about the date of the final. i'm so relieved that it's not tomorrow. it's actually next week.
i work for a small, private liberal arts college in albany, ny. today, the weather was looking iffy, so i decided to bring my umbrella with me when i went to lunch. unfortunately, my umbrella happens to look like this.
i've been in agony for about four hours now. It feels like an army of tiny soldiers are spearing the walls of my urethra with bayonets. Even a brush against the inside of my boxer shorts is like being attacked by a belt sander. i'm definitely out of action for at least a few days. not good sleep's gonna be fun tonight.
bad idea. if you have diarrhea chances are. you're gonna end up popping yourself. good thing i work at home. so today i got a little bit of diarrhea. so i started drinking liquids and all of the sudden i want to fart.  bad idea.
this mistake is worth $600,000. i put a decimal point one spot to the right of where it should have been. i should have put it one point to the left of the decimal point. i am sorry about this. i was trying to make a point.
i decided to masturbate before bed, a frequent occurrence. my kitten sleeps with me and i typically don't let her in until i'm through, to save her innocent kitten mind. she walked up to my face and laid down on the blanket i typically use to clean up my semen. then she watched me jack off. after i was finished, i pushed the blanket on the floor and she left my bed to sleep on it.
i feel like an inconsiderate twat and i'm hoping she won't hold it against me (she probably will though). i don't know what came over me, but it did, and i feel like a jackass for it.  such is life.
i work(ed) in a furniture factory doing employment agency work on a temporary contract. The manager is always getting on at me for having my hands in my pockets and i usually ignore him. today though whilst i was looking for a trolley to stack some seats on he yelled something at me from down the factory.
i hung my head today...real, real low. i went to work - boss wasnt there. he's a really nice guy, but he's often late, doesnt pay me by the hour, and because it's just me and him, i cant get into the office to do any work if he's not there. and if i cant work - i can't get paid. i text him about whether he's coming in. no answer. i call him - he answers the phone with a friendly tone and asks if im coming in, apparently he was a little late.
 "i scratched a fairly large hole into the side of my ball sack and it was leaking blood... i'd say it's about a dime sized patch of skin missing with a thin layer of sensitive flesh in between me and seeing what the inside of my scrotum looks like "  "i was horrified. there was blood all over my boxers and my legs. i was horrified "
A friend of mine recently lost his uncle, and has been having a hard time. He asked me to show him some rap battles, and i loaded up a battle between two rappers. One of the two rappers was also bereaved; lost his father. The first line was spat:  "your dad is so dead it's unbelievable! "
i'm not a sick, it was an askreddit thread about  "what was the most heartfelt picture you can post without words? " i laugh at a couple of pictures that a relative puts, and after laughing for a second i go into my other tab at the gore pictures and i'm still laughing from the faceboook post. then i see in the reflection of my laptop that people are looking at me and it looks as if i am laughing at a picture of a body cut up and gutted bieng used as a sex-doll. no one called me out on it, but i know people looked and after that i feel like a dirty fucker and will not return to that
 "i just pooped a bit on my pinky toe "  "i'd just eaten italian food so i figured some little piece of meat sauce like flew off my plate when i was scraping the little bits of sauce into the trash can "  " i get the little thing on a sheet of toilet paper and give the little brownie a smell "
i took this girl out to nice little tapas restaurant last night. one of the dishes i usually get is a dish with dates wrapped in bacon. so naturally i couldn't wait to get that and some other dishes and show this girl how awesome it was.it wasn't until i reflected on that night that i realized she had told me she was jewish. i also realized that i had repeatedly been urging her to try some of the other dish (the one with the bacon)
i jumped into the bed like a goofy idiot and as soon as my weight sank down into it, on of the rails snapped right in two with a loud **crack**.guess i am officially not a kid anymore, (i'm guessing if having a wife, and making rent, car, insurance, and student loan payments didn't tip me off, this finally will)
This is the final epic in the trilogy of poor stanislav, godfather of my boyfriend josh and unfortunate victim of my idiocy. Stan is the embodiment of drunken fury, motioning at me with the hedge-scissors and cursing at me in russian while josh laughs his ass off.
My husband is an avid outdoors man. He is currently away hunting ducks, and as per our usual passed time tradition, i like to send photos, videos and descriptive text messages to his phone when i know he's in the field. He sent me a text :  "heading out, i'll let you know when we get back in. you should put the red lace on. " i had a better idea.. i'll put thered lace on, then video a strip tease. so, i did just that.
The dog is fine just has a really bad unintentional haircut. The dog was scorched and blackened. His hair is pretty puffy so when he came out all of his back hair was at least 1 1/2 shorter then all his hair. So yeah. hotdogs weren't the only dogs we cooked that day.
i was watching netflix on my ps3 and using my laptop while relaxing in my huge recliner chair. i was there for about 2 hours and my back and legs started to tense up, so i decided to stretch to get rid of that annoying feeling. after stretching my legs i arch my back high off the chair and immediately began to yawn, without thinking i take my hands off the laptop and put them over my head to complete the stretch.turns out the grip on my laptop wasn't as good as i remembered, the fucker slid off of my stomach like a computer water slide into my exposed teeth and chipped about half of my right front tooth and 1/3 of the
Sometimes when i get bored i look people up on facebook that i work with. One day i found the page of one of the guys in a higher sort of management position. Being bored and zoning out i thought, whatever, i'll look, maybe get a chuckle. My phone freezes momentarily and i accidentally  "like " the photo.
i blurted out well you can't be pregnant since your drinking and directly afterwards she said  "i'm pregnant ". i felt like the biggest asshole in the world ruining her news with everyone. this happened last night.  we were all over a friends place for dinner and the girl said she has some important news to tell everyone.
Only 6 more hours left at work with a nice 4 inch tear along the seam of one of my back pockets. joy! only 6 more months left to go. only six more months to go! Only 6 more weeks left to live. Only six more weeks to live!
i was driving home from a friend's house when my car started making a noise. The road was closed so i pulled over to the side of the road. The engine had blown a fuse and had to be fixed. It cost me over  u00a3400 to get it fixed.
i was just trying to be that guy who makes a sweet reference in class. i tried to reference star wars and ended up calling africans wookies. i turn as red as my devils hoodie and slink into my chair while the class tries to recover any part of the colossal idiocy of what i said.
Tifu because i watched a video about keylogging. now i am paranoid and and going to watch what i type. oh shit. whatever. tifu. because i watching a video of keylogting. now I am paranoid. oh Shit. whatever, whatever.
i'm a 19yo community college transfer student taking my final class for grad requirements. today midterm grades were posted for my online stats class. not only did i fail the test, i am pretty sure the degree i applied for will be taken away from me. although my application for graduation was accepted, failing this math class probably means it won't be sent to me and i'll have to reapply for a future term.
i mistook a black man that i honestly mistook for one of my regular buyers of newport cigarettes. The man said  "i asked for enfamil (baby formula) but i guess you heard chicken and koolaid " until this day i beat myself up over this. am i a horrible person? i'm not racist... just dumb.
i met this girl while i was doing a play in my school. we've kept in contact over facebook, and got to know each other even better. i asked her if she wanted to go see a film, or go into town, and the i admit that i have a crush on her. she said that she's already in a relationship, but admires my honestly and still wants to be friends.
i was having a wonderful morning at work when a table fell and hit me in the head. i felt ok for about 15 minutes, but i started to get dizzy and to feel nauseous. i call my bf to see if he can pick me up or follow me home. he tells me to be careful and then hits me with  "don't call me tonight, and i'm not going to call you either "
i've been hanging out with a university friend for months. One night he says he's going out to a gay club and invites me along. He then reveals that he is attracted to me. i respond that although i'm flattered, that's not my cup of tea. we haven't hang out since.
i was leaving for work, when i noticed that my car was blocked by a friend's car and my roommate's girlfriends car. i called them to see if either would be back in time to move for me before i needed to leave, but no cigar. the roommate's girlfriend had left her keys in case of such an event, however, and i proceeded to hop in and back it out of the driveway. when i moved my foot over to brake, it got stuck in the mat and missed the brake. i panicked, and the tangled mass of foot and mat managed to push the gas even harder for a moment. in the chaos of hurtling backwards towards the parking blocks i managed to
i'm lactose intolerant but indulged in ice cream anyway, resulting in stomach cramps. i suddenly needed to evacuate my bowels, so off to the toilet i go. keep in mind the toilet has not been flushed yet today. anyway, i walk in the bathroom and sit down. wrong move. the seat was up, which i didn't notice before. i fall into a day's worth of shit and piss. i showered and scrubbed until the water ran cold, but i will never be clean again. ;_;
Ama!! Ama!!! Ama!! I love you so much. ama!! ama! Ama! I'm so happy to see you. Ama. I miss you. amA. I Love You. AmA! I miss You. I love You.
i'm honestly getting tired of hearing about your excrement or how you accidentally dispose of it in public. if you're not tired of shit, but rather want more posts like these, then i would like to show you rule number two (no pun intended, pun made). so yeah. feel free to tell me whether or not you agree in the comments. i like to hear reasons.
 "i tried to tell my friend1 that i had a crush on a girl, but friend2 had his phone and acted as if he was friend1 so that he saw it all "  "a simple, innocent little message has exploded into something that could ruin one of my longest friendships. all because of one text message "  "i can't keep my mouth shut. i don't want my friend to know about this. he's the only person in the world who would know "
i'd just applied for a job in telecom engineering at a local place (about 2  u00bd miles walk from home, estimated that it'd take me about 45-50 minutes) i set off at 8:50 with the aim to get there about 20 minutes early. after about 40 minutes of following the map, i'd walked like 20 minutes down one industrial estate. i was worrying a little, it was half 9 already and i didn't know where the place was exactly. there was a bloke in his burger van just down the road, so i walked up and he looked happy that i was (he thought) his first customer. as soon as i asked if i knew where (company
i work at a day camp and i was with the 2nd grade class and had a kid sitting on my lap. we just started an activity and the girl running it was super hot. so my penis starts swelling like never before, and the kid on his lap is completely oblivious. until he moves back a bit more, right onto my full blown boner.  "what's this hard thing in your pants? " i immediately turn bright red and walk out of the room. and now i'm sitting here typing this instead of watching kids.
Tifu is one of my favorite subs and today i finally have something terrible and stupid to contribute to the wonder of this subreddit. i had my first interview with a job three weeks ago.   they were great and called me back the next week to schedule a second interview.  june 27 at 8 a.m.  was supposed to be the 27th, in my brain, on friday. i called, left a message but haven't heard anything back.  i kind of don't expect to hear anything positive but i do want to apologize.
My roommate and i frequently send hilarious imgur links back and forth over text message while we are at work. i tried to copy and paste the paula dean imgur on the front page of r/funny to him, however in my haste i texted him a link to some gay porn i was enjoying the night before. i immediately forwarded the correct link then asked he not open the first one.
i work at gordons food service as you can tell by my username. had some funky taco sauce for lunch before work. about an hour into my shift i was walking down an aisle and without any sort of warning my body decided that it couldn't hold back the tides any more. immediate release of explosive liquid shit that started running down my right leg. i awkwardly shuffled/ran to the bathroom, and spent the next half hour mopping myself up.
 "i hope this horrid stench dissapates soon, and oh, any info on how to actually get rid of these fuckers would be greatly appreciated "  "it hurt to breath, my nose and throat stung, my eyes stung and watered up, and it was generally unbearable to be in the kitchen "
Use the toilet brush side to side, not up and down, otherwise shit can flick into your face. don't do anything weird with your genitals. i'm guessing the top 2 are likely to be: don't trust a fart and don't use a toilet brush.
i am a 13 y/o male in grade 7. i am already in a relationship with a girl, but yesterday went horribly wrong. lets call my gf  "a " and the other girl  "b " they are both just... amazing. i love both of them, but have no fucking clue what to do.
This week i am on night shift working 2300-0700. Normally i catch the train to and from work as this allows me to get an extra two hours sleep each day which is rather helpful. yesterday before work i had an errand to run and due to not timing things perfect i ended up missing the train and having to drive up and back (what does this have to do with my colon? hopefully that will make sense soon) this afternoon when i wake up i realise i was in such a hurry to get home i wore my uniform home so i need to wear it back up. i open the toilet door pull down my pants and in mid twirl i can't hold it
i'm a 20 year old male for the record. i work as a writer at a start-up i shan't name for privacy. so there i was this morning with an inexplicable urge to make water. i pulled my pants down all the way, whipped my dick out and decided to take a piss. being sleepy as i was, i hadn't noticed that i was standing a good two feet away from the toilet bowl. the stream was not strong and, unbeknownst to me, was getting all over my briefs and pants. so i decided to ball up my underwear and toss it out the window.
i was driving my friend with benefits home tonight and we had some extra time, so we stopped, pulled in behind a dumpster in an empty industrial park. i got in the back and started blowing him. i hadn't been working on him for a minute before we see headlights and he says  "shit, someone's here "sure enough there were two pairs of headlights not 20 feet from us. busted.
Elderly woman in a muumuu approached the emergency room desk and said she had ticks inside of her vagina and would like to have them removed. For 3 of the longest seconds of my life i stared at her silently as my mind and body became locked in a battle for the appropriate reaction to this news. My body obviously persevered and the previously unheard noise that it decided to emit was a mix of a gasp, a cringe, a great big guffaw and a guttural wtf???
i set the computer on the floor with the cord stretching across the floor. it tripped over that shit, took the computer off the charger on to the floor, disconnected the charger from the wall, and ate some floor. my kind of night. so, i went to pet my dog and she ran way {hey food giver come play with mee}, i started chasing her around our hallways and ended up running full speed passed the couch. which is where i set theComputer.
The catastrophe took place this morning while i was masturbating. reclining comfortably next to me was a golf ball sized wiffle ball, white and hollow. i truly expected the lube made in my gennies would suffice for removing the ball, but oh, was i wrong.
My family is on a winter vacation and we live for the moment in a small hotel room. i started browsing reddit while my sister checked her phone. about 5 minutes later my sister went out and played with one of here newly found friends. so i continued browsing reddit until i stumbled upon a couple of interesting nsfw pics. my dick reacted as it should and i felt the need to use my right hand. as i went in to the toilet and placed my mac on the basin and started browsing gw while doing what a man does. in just 3 minutes i thought i heard my parents footsteps in the corridoor. if my parents found out that i was fapping i would probably kill
i went into amok (i have slight psychical problems) and pounded him into wall. after we were grabbed away by others, there was blood everywhere, and worst of all, that was all my blood. i looked worse than zombie fighter after battling with not less than a hundred undeads. i've lost. man, i am 180cm tall, weigh 82kg and not deprived by physical power.
i was driving down the main street in my town, which just so happens to house the local police station. i see a couple of young kids, maybe around 10, looking very mischeivous. i immediately make a u-turn and their demeanors change at the drop of a dime.
i had my coffee earlier and didn't feel the normal rumbles so i assumed i could skip my morning poop to get to the airport on time. this morning was really hectic. i had a flight lesson at 8 about 10-15 miles from my house and i was running late. thankfully my instructor was late enough that i could just run back to the terminal. just go poop, i know someone here is probably about to shit their pants. this could have been bad.
A college freshman gets his dick stuck in a girl's ass. The girl has to get an operation to close the wounds and clean up the excess glue stuck inside. He also had to get his foreskin removed as the tugging ripped a good chunk out. He has yet to speak to her again.
The box was a panic button of sorts, and a swat team was now on it's way. Five minutes later, we had a burly swat guy with a massive gun patrolling our store right before the dinner rush started.  "i'm on my break in our back office. while idling about on reddit, i'm tapping my hand on a small white box underneath the counter "
Danthefat2 is a nurse's assistant at a city's largest hospital. He's been training on the medical icu for the past month. On his last day, he had to help a patient who thought he was trying to murder her. He also accidentally reminded a girl as to why she attempted suicide.
The typical off my chest sub about some girl who gets the shit beat out of her by bf and not knowing what to do. so i post whether or not they had sex, knowing full well she is still with him for whatever excuse/reason. there were even posts of herself saying she's scared that the guy's family won't like her if she says anything. now i am banned from making comments on the sub. oh the iron e.....
i'm sorry for not getting this out sooner (if anyone did actually want to know the outcome of my fuck up) but it turns out that i'm only getting a write up since it was a mistake. loss prevention team came in checked the cameras to see if it was on purpose or not (it wasn't) and basically just said don't let it happen again.
i've been sick for about 3 days. the other members of my group decided to just film it and have me edit it so i don't get 0% on the project. i was in bed early due to being sick, so i wasn't on the computer to see his messages. now he is pissed off at me because i didn't edit it.
i left my bike locked outside our house because i couldn't be bothered to bring it in. it had been out for a couple of weeks already but  last night, the unthinkable happened. someone stole it :(. now i know its not the best bike in the world...but it was mine and had been for the last 4 or so years we shared many stupid moments together and also many injuries. this was also my  "grown up bike " xd.
i'm honored to be a fuck up of the week. 1/3 of my files renamed. i haven't found v for vendetta yet, i hope it is just a matter of time. i have rediscovered many forgotten favorites. many of the lager files have been co-oped and replaced.
i've had 4-5 female friends for almost 10-11 years and one since high school. with two, there were romantic feelings when we started talking, but that fizzled out and now it's just casual friendship. when my mom died earlier this year there were two of these friends who were very supportive. i never knew how my wife would take me having these female friends (who i haven't seen in over 10 years), so i never told her about them. all the conversations have been unknown to her until yesterday when she noticed a high number of texts on the bill and found the history.
i live in a semi-detached house, so we share our driveway with our neighbors. they're a rather sizeable family, so they have 3 cars and pack them all into the driveway. we never did mind because we only have 2 cars, and if they park the 3rd car a little on their lawn and partially in the driveway, we can fit 5 cars. a couple of days ago i was at university, and my mom texted me saying the neighbor had passed away. out of fucking no where, i proceeded to say  "haha, guess you won't need that [third] car anymore " probably something subconscious.
i was sent to train some people on a new company program at a store i used to work at. i could tell by the looks of the others present before she could even tell me  "im not pregnant ". i wanted to crawl under the floor. needless to say i will never jump to those conclusions ever again.
i would feel more embarrassed than actually worried if i had i not been looking at...wait for it...gay porn! the main issue here is that my parents aren't too fond of homosexuals. i'm not sure if anyone actually saw or not (my room is away from all the other main rooms) but i'm too scared to go downstairs for fear of what might await me.
i have a 750gb hdd on my mac. i had it set up where i was dual booting osx & win7 with 375 gb each. set up via bootcamp. Since i mainly used the win7 partition, i was running low on space. i created a 3rd fat partition - 150gb - out of the osx partition. Now, i am unable to boot into windows. i can still boot into osx and all my win partition files are still accessible... but i just cant figure out how to fix my partition map so it finds windows again.
Piss was going under the seat, out of the bowl and on to my (beige) trousers. i was too deep in potty-thought to realise until i happened to glimpse down and the see the light gently gleaming off my trickle of piss, congregating at the waistline of my pants.
i was in my bedroom enjoying a bit of r34, altogether minding my own business when there is a knock on the door. in walks my 13 year old sister. 13 years old. jesus christ i'm crying a bit here. so i spring up and turn around in the air off my bed to face the wall, proceeding to stuff my junk in my pants as quickly as possible. to little to late i'm afraid as all i hear from behind me is a disgusted "oh no. "
i put my soup in a pot, turn on the oven and leave the room to answer the phone. a few minutes later i return and see my unplugged toaster is smoking and my soup is cold. switch burners, toss the toaster in the sink. scrape melted plastic off the burner with a spatula after cowering and cursing.
i was doing my business in the toilet, expelling the very heavy dinner i ate last night (too much curry) whilst browsing reddit on my phone. after i finished, i put my phone in my blazer pocket, wiped and stood up. as i stood up, i heard a distinct  "plop " of something falling into the watery poop porridge of excrement. i turned around to inspect the source of the strange sound and lo and behold, my phone had dove head first into my bodily waste.i'll leave the method of how i retrieved the said phone to your imaginations.
i peed in my mcdonalds cup and poured it down the sink. i left my empty pee cup on the counter and went to my car to get my phone. when i came back my friend was sipping on a tall rum and coke- straight from my empty piss cup.i let her re use the cup like 4 times before throwing it away.
i was trying to join this pre-medical fraternity available in my school. i was informed of the fraternity by a friend of mine who was already a part of it and told me to go to meetings. i went through hell and back trying to find professional attire for the mixer and the interview i had scheduled with them this past friday.
My wife regularly shaves/waxes for me so i thought i would do something special for her. She is on a work trip till monday so i figured this would be the perfect time.  just a little over 24hrs later and i feel like this is not going to be as pleasant as i had hoped.
The author's toilet started overflowing after a visit to his inlaws. He used a wire hanger as a plunger to clear the toilet bowl. He also used dish soap and boiling water to get the water to stop flowing. The water stopped flowing after a few minutes of plunging.
A scallywag asked for treats for his dogs at a liquor store. The store has treats for kids and dogs under the front counter. A coworker gave the man peanut butter treats for the dogs. The man then asked for a few treats for himself. The coworker said  "well would you like a few for yourself? "
i flipped on my bike yesterday. ripped up both of my palms. right palm so worst than left. i had a raging boner today and no one was home. figured i could use my fingertips of my left hand for stroking. got too into it. when i finished i felt a stinging sensation and blood all over my hand and penis.
Last night got pretty crazy which started out with many many shots of good old plastic handle vodka that continued to lead into slapping the wine bag (that bitch got slapped all night). Then a half hour later my friend was watching tv and saw that i got up and went straight to my fridge and got in the pissing position and started to pee all over the shelves. the video explains the rest of my story.
This story is based on an incident that happened in the fall of 2011. The author was a freshman at a large public university. He met a girl he had been chatting with over the summer and developed a crush on her. He puked over the side of a bridge while talking to her.
i was on reddit, and i saw a certain nsfw gif in /r/gaming regarding a choice of cake, gameboy, and a woman. It made me a wee bit randy, so i decided to fap. i hadn't washed my hands after eating. Now i didn't notice whilst fapping, but now i do.
i was sitting in class the other day, then a dude from my class asked if i had a pen, i said yes and he borrowed it, then he went to the computer and put a science test we hadn't done yet in the pen. then he said if i could post online, on facebook, for the rest of the class. i think my teacher somehow got hold of that knowledge, i already erased every piece of evidence that i did it, so it's just speculation. what can be the consequences? can i get expelled or something? it's a public school.
i have had these pictures for about five years now and for some reason i never deleted them. recently i decided to send the pictures to my new email just in case my computer crashed. apparently i was still logged into my email on my ex girlfriends computer and she proceeded to open the emails and stumbled on all of these pictures. i deleted them quickly after i had learned about the situation and i actually feel pretty good knowing that the pictures dont exist anymore. but now she wont even speak to me now and i feel so lost and dumb.
i have a room mate named mike and hes a cool dude but a lot of fun to do shit to. we get his smoke machine and warm it up ready to go with the nozzle aimed under his door so it pours in. we arm ourselves to the teeth with nerf guns so when he hears the machine going and smoke everywhere he will emerge and thats where we nail him in the balls. we only expected the machine to be running for 5 seconds before he knows what we are doing.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots. Please share your best photos from around the world.
 got accused of being drunk, got sent home after 45 minutes. Had to get breathalysed, had to ring and talk to the big boss to prove i was sober. Got told i could be fired on the spot (even though my bac was 0, so that would be unfair dismissal) Lesson i learned today; if you hate your job don't go in smiling and laughing.
i had just eaten sushi. in a walgreens, while picking up advil for a raging headache and what seems to be a mild case of the chills. i go to let out a little far (surely it won't be too big). i clench up and make a face.  casually, i ask the location of the restroom and if the cashier can hold my stuff for me.
My 1980 toyota pickup, broke down last weekend. turns out it needed a new carburetor. i found a guy on craigslist that had one for sale, he said he sold the one he had posted originally but he had another. i picked it up last night and brought it home, and upon further inspection found it didn't fit a 1980Toyota but a 1968-1974 opel.now i'm out $150, my truck still isn't running, and i don't have enough money left over to buy a different carb.
i meant to tip the guy 7 bucks, so it was a great fuck up for him. he comes to the door, pizza is 31 bucks, i hand him 50, take the pizza and close the door. i knew i handed him 50 dollars but i forgot how to numbers for a few minutes. pizza was tasty though.
i got invited to go see one of my favorites,  "the rocky horror picture show " with a group of friends. everyone was posting in fb events that they were going to dress up as characters. anxious to get a head start, i went through all my trashy and not so trashy lingerie in search of the perfect ratio of  "slutty and sexy " once i assumed i had it right i was excited to try out the ensemble as a whole.
 "i had to take a really bad shit and didn't want you to think i was in here that long so i turned the shower on to give myself more time "  "i am just hoping she doesn't use reddit and happen to see any of this. other than that i can't imagine this situation getting any worse "
A company was looking at making me their manufacturing engineeer for ~65k,(i make 15/hour as an intern doing the same job) first step was a phone interview. i figured i'd just do it during my leisurely hour+ commute. huge mistake. the stress of the interview compounded with the Stress of keeping a car on the road made it stupid hard to give well formed answers.
A fly landed on my lip while i was trying to urinate in a bathroom stall. I tried to knock it off, causing me to piss everywhere in the stall, including my pantleg. lesson learned, don't fuck with flys.  i got my own piss on my lips.
My 83-year-old mother has 41 messages on her voicemail. One of the voicemails was my father who passed away 3 years ago. The message was the last time he told my mother  "i love you ". The messages were all from my father.
i seriously thought he had turned 50 last year, so i guessed he was turning 51.  nope, 49.  always go lower, they say...so much for being honest an fairly accurate :(. i seriously thought  he hadTurned 50 lastyear, so I guessed  51.
i had no idea i had even called him until i looked at my phone this morning and made the horrifying discovery that i called 22 times between the hours of 2-4am!  wtf!?!  i was in denial until i got a call from him concerned that i had totally gone off the deep end and turned into the chick in fatal attraction. fortunately, he laughed once i explained.  unfortunately, he shared the messages with all of his co-workers so they too could laugh!  lesson learned. this is exactly why they have those warning labels all over the bottle of ambien.
i was forced to move from my home when it was sold at an auction. i followed all the proper protocols and did the change of address, etc.... i was unemployed. i applied for a state job, making 42-52 k a year. this was in september. i got a job as a graphic designer making 18$ hr, buy only 30 hrs a week. i live in one of the most economically hard hit areas of the country. (damn obama care, makes my job like 13.50 hr) today i got  a letter in the mail saying i was accepted as a full time employee at the state job.
A friend of mine had a manager at work who was universally hated to work with as he was that bad, he was a nice enough guy, just really fucking lazy. One day he was giving me a lift into town and he told me he was leaving, inside i was jumping for joy. he dropped me off and said he would pick me up in 10 minutes (i was running errands for work) i text my friend at work saying 'x is leaving!!!!!!' while waiting for him to come and collect me 10 mintues later i thought it odd that she hadn't replied, so i double check my phone and realise i had send the message to x himself. needless to say
i am not a smart man. today i was running late trying to get out of my house to work. i knew i had to bring something for lunch during my 10 hour shift. i didn't have time to make the sandwiches i had planned on preparing before i left. so i did what any responsible fat person would do and just grabbed all the ingredients and threw them in my bag.  got to work with 4 minutes to spare. when lunch time rolled around i opened up my bag to make 2 sandwiches only to find that tifu.
i was at my friends house usual halo and cheez-itz routine, when he decide the weather is nice and suggests we go out and throw the football. i grab my ipod and can see myself jumping over imaginary darrelle revis with dragonforce's 'through the fire and the flames' serenading me as i save the world one catch at a time. i reach out, and catch it, just barely with enough time to keep my feet in bounds before stepping up the curb. i turn just in ti--boom!
 "i put the weed in the wrong car. immediately i drove back to the store to see if i could fix my mistake and, to my horror, i saw that the car was already gone "  "i got his keys again and put a gram in his real car this time. all i can think about is that some random car is driving around with a gram of loud northern lights "
i was a little stunned to say the least. her litter box is clean and she is healthy so i'm assuming she wanted to make sure i know i belong to her. so there i was taking care of business when one of the cats decides to push her way in and see whats up. at first i don't think much of until she comes up to me looking like she is about to rub up against my leg.....but no she decides to pee on me.
Last night my girlfriend and I got drunk and decided to have sex in her mother's bed. She had suffered a stroke and was unable to get out of bed. We decided to use a bedpost to get her to fall asleep. She fell asleep and we ended up having sex in the bed.
i am a junior, she is a freshman. i am in a leadership position in junior rotc (high school military program) and i go in her class to help the freshmen.today we were marching the freshmen around, and i was teaching them how to lead by getting each of them up to have them march around with specific commands. i got a few people through, and then i told her to come up, she didn't want to. when she took charge, i could tell she was very nervous. she struggled calling a command, speaking very quietly after a command. i could see she was starting to cry, and so i sent her back to the formation.i feel like a
i have a bearded dragon and on his cage their are 2 lights a basking light and a uvb light. when i left to go to the store i forgot to lock the door to my room (locks on the inside and outside) so my cat decides to come in my room at look at the bearded dragons while  "looking " at them he knocks the baskinglight on to a pillow. i came into my room smelling smoke and my pillow about to catch on fire as soon as i get to my pillow it catches on fire. luckily my bearded dragons were fine and so was my cat but my pillow was burned. so i had to get a new one.
i was just looking around reddit while my dad was sitting behind me, reading a book (the subreddit has a huge picture a blue waffle that fills the page, i highly recommend you do not go to that subreddit)  my dad proceeded to cough a bunch coffee up and asked me what the hell i was doing. so... yeah.  that sucked.
Last night, i went to a mardi gras ball and ate a little too much junk. this morning, i wasn't feeling well and vomited around 6:30. luckily, i have my phone. i call my grandparents because they have a key to my house. while he is on his way, i put on one of my dad's t-shirts which he left out as pants. grandpa came to the rescue with anti-diarrheal and a suppository.
This actually happened two years ago but i am new to reddit. My family is catholic (no sex before marriage) and the other half is pretty much just a bunch of laid back funny relatives. i ended up having to clean up, sit at the table for dessert, and explain to my 25 or so family members why i was full of dried blood.
i have a paper work due tomorrow.. i have been doing it since one week ago so.. no typo, wrong punctuation, no plagiarism, and such thing.. but i was too excited about giving it to my teacher so that he would say..  "good work " so sadly, i'm too hasty when printing it, i forgot to click  "print preview " in the ms word printing option menu. after the first page comes out.. i was shocked.. there were only [black line of words]. punched the printer and yelled inappropriate words, which become the next thing because all the neighbors(3 peoples) looked at me.
i haven't been sick to the point where i felt the need for nyquil since i've been on cymbalta. i tried doing some research before hand to see if there were any weird interactions between the two, but my searches seemed like it would be all right. i curl up for bed around 9:30, take all my meds and promptly pass out. i woke up around 12:00ish feeling a little spiny and like i might need to puke. make my way to the bathroom, and the puking feeling settled down, but it was rumbling from the other end. by the time i've sat down, the spiny feeling is
i was drinking on my lawn, when i noticed that there is more bees than usual. i know i must blow up their hive. i light the fuse, place the explosives as close as possible to the nest, and take off running as soon as it starts blowing up. i check back later to make sure they have abandoned their nest... they didn't.
i spent at least an entire day editing photos, video, and audio, and made my first mistake by not keeping copies of anything after transferring. on friday my aunt got married. she asked me if i would do photography because it is a hobby of mine and many of my relatives suggested me because they really liked my stuff. i was flattered so i went all out snapped all day and throughout the night, reception and all. i even got my video camera and recorded the ceremony, speeches, activities, and i secretly interviewed everyone so that i could put together a wedding video as a surprise.
i intended to go to the funeral to represent my family (who are all overseas at the moment) i looked up the obit and found what i thought was the ceremony for her death. after about 20 minutes, the pall bearers removed the casket from the hurst and the rabbi began to speak. long story short, i realized i had the wrong edith when the rabbi said the date of death.
Not sure quite what's going to happen now, but i'm expecting a very angry girlfriend and possibly getting dumped very soon....it was starting to go so well too. long story short, showed her reddit, she found my account, found some less than flattering things posted about various subjects (like her, ex's, etc.)
i'm underage, and a few of them were about drugs and alcohol. steven's mother then forwarded those messages to my mother and the mothers of several other friends. i'm so angry right now, what do I do? i don't know what to do.
My 17-year-old girlfriend requested a bunny for Valentine's Day. I cleaned, bought a cage for the baby bunny, slapped a bow on that ball of 'dorable' and went on my way. Two minutes into it her mom pulls up with my girlfriends friend in the passenger and my lady in the back, i see the friend staring at me, ( i have a distinct truck ) and giving me a weird look, and then i see my girl duck. My feels are hurt and awkward me i start my truck and haul ass out of there and go home.
My shower hose has had a hole in it for quite some time now and it keeps getting bigger and therefore the pressure of the water stream lower. Being the amateur mcgyver i am i decided it was time to take action. went to my room looking for a roll of duct tape i knew i had somewhere but after ten minutes of not finding it i looked for alternatives. only thing i could find was some double-sided tape and high strength superglue. two sides of tape seemed a little wastefull so i went for the glue.
i by no means plan to do it regularly, i just wanted to try it. so he gave me his can with just a little left for one lip, and i tried it today. sat in my room (no one was home), spit in a gatorade bottle for a little while, and didnt really like it so flushed it down the toilet and rinsed my mouth out. fast forward a few hours later, my mom comes home, goes in the bathroom, comes back out and goes to my room and says  "what's this? " i'm an idiot. so after a few statements of me denying it, she says  "are you addicted? " and i just replied  "no
A man loses an envelope of cash at work. He returns to find the envelope in his car. The envelope is intact and fully funded. The man then takes a dump after he finds the envelope. What's a /r/tifu post without a shit. sorry this isn't about sex.
i googled  "practical driving test " and clicked a link, thinking it was the direct website of the examinations. the usual price is  u00a362; it was only after i had filled everything in that i re-checked my bank account online and saw that  u00a395 had been taken out of it. i now have  u00a35 left as i didn't read the website i went on properly, and had been charged an extra  u00a333 for 'service charge' and a free resit if i fail. i'm pretty confident i won't fail.. so i have just wasted  u00a333 which could have been put to much better use elsewhere.
 "My older brother was eating lasagne opposite me and blowing on a bit of it on his fork "  "it's not that hot! " i complained to him, resulting with him looking up and saying,  "you try eat a piece from the middle "  "no. dear god no. i took a big bite of it right from themiddle and began chewing it, maintaining eye contact "  "my tongue is burnt and i'm pretty sure i've killed my tastebuds "
The history started with me going to have lunch one day. after eating 5 pounds of food i went to pay my shit and then i met this girl. she was really beautiful and kind. i kept thiking on her after this moment and i thought about going back there and asking her number. after 2 days i went back there, i walked directly to the place where she used to work. she said she didnt remember me and i found this very strange since she was extremely open and smiled a lot while we talked. so after i explained myself she just said she was married with the owner of the restaurant. at the time i just knew i asked the wrong girl's number, but at the
i really wasn't trying to target him or his race and i am usually smarter than this but he got very offended.  i tried so hard to apologize,  but i'm terrible at confrontations. i am pretty sure it sounded fake and like i really didn't give a shit when i tried to profusely apologize. i feel absolutely terrible.
Cyclist finally decides to shave his legs for the first time. Fire alarm goes off as he's doing it. Left with 1 1/2 hair legs and the disapproval of all his flatmates. Wasn't able to go back in the shower so as not to arouse suspicion.
i work at a local italian place washing dishes and cooking. we had just finished one of 2 total morning shifts each week where we have a buffet. during these shifts, once the last customer leaves, we get to lock the doors and take a roughly 20 minute break and eat what's left of the buffet. as the last server leaves out the back door, the 3 of us talk a little and someone brings up how the way the boss asked if she could pick up an extra shift next week could be misinterpreted to ask if she was a stripper. now we all have a chuckle at this, and being the type of person to always try to make people laugh, i thought i
While ringing up a foreign customer. he was buying a lot of items at our retail store. he's total was over $1000. when i swiped his card the registers somehow it was read as cash. i wasn't thinking clearly so i entered his amount as the tender total which means the registers thought i was putting in his total amount.
i have been using pof for a while it's a great dating site. probably the best around, i have not met a single bad woman on here till now. i give her my number as a next logical step. i tell her to text me...two seconds later she calls me. starts calling me  "babe " and being a general crazy chick. she then tracked me down on facebook and started spam texting me. i don't know what to do i have tried giving her subtle and not so subtle hints...i don't wanna hurt her feelings she is nice but she is creeping me the fuck out.
A woman asks a student why he doesn't like online discussions better than in class. The student replies,  "because i don u2019t like talking to people " The woman walks away awkwardly, thinking the student is an asshole. The woman in question was our superintendent, and she was not happy about it.
i admit i had a huge brain fart today.  my car was making noise and when i stopped at the store i went to look at it, i bent over and checked the rotors on the car for any groves in them. well as you guessed it not that smartest thing to do.  so now here i sit with a nice blister on the tip of my middle finger where i burnt it pretty good.
 "Just because i listen to budweiser doesn't mean i drink countr... dammit ". meant to say  "just because i drink Budweiser don't mean I listen to country music "  "I was going to go to a friends and have some beers, normal after work whatever. she decides to play music we all will agree onand picks country "
Just got off my period and hadn't gotten head in about a week. Before bed i thought it would be a good idea to sit on his face. He decided to listen to me scream don't stop and let me finish cumming. as i finished, i realized my boyfriend was unconscious and to make matters even worse i knee'd him right in the face as i was getting off.
Found a 1/3 of clear liquid left in a water bottle on bench in kitchen, obviously water so i top that bad boy up with cordial and head to uni. start drinking in lecture to drop a couple of painkillers for my back and notice a distinctly coconut flavour that my cordial usually doesn't have. fast forward post lecture; off chops. clearly someone left coconut rum in the bottle ( housemate) nothing like knocking back painkillers with rum. waiting out the effects so i can now drive home.
i was having a nightmare about being attacked by a small animal (about the size of a squirrell) when i was woken up by thunder and lightning (but i didn't realize it at the time) i scrambled around, sure that it was still attacking me, fell out of my bed and began trying to catch the thing. i grabbed *something*, felt it struggling in my hand, and attempted to kill it by smashing it on the ground. turns out that *something* was my right hand. what the fuck, brain?
The driver of the car he was overtaking was trying to overtake. The driver was driving on the wrong side of the road. He was overtaken by the car in front of him. The car was going at a high rate of speed and the driver had no choice but to stop.
i'm headed off to college in exactly three weeks. my mom has been getting more and more clingy, as my twin sister and i will be the first children to leave the nest. i don't know why i worded it like that, but i'll regret it to the day that i die.
i've never seen anyone get so mad over anything else ever in my entire life. i've felt terrible all god damn day, and feel like i totally ruined the relationship i had with him. i was almost in tears. thanksgivings gonna be fucking awkward.
i got a message from a friend inviting out to dinner for his bday. He sent the message to multiple people, and for some reason it came through as an mms (probably due to length) so i looked at it, typed my reply, hit send.next thing i know, i'm getting messages back from every person on that list, most of which i don't even know.
i'm lucky he still loves me. i honestly don't know why i did what i did. i'm an ass, i guess, is the only thing i can say. okay okay it wasn't today, it was a few weeks ago. my parents were out of town & my boyfriend and i saw it as the perfect opportunity for a night of fun. until i, tired but full of adrenaline and therefore apparently unable to think before i spoke, compared his dick to that of my ex. oops.
i have been asking my dad to go on a ride with me, but up until now, he said *no*. before today, if drove his girlfriend at about 35 mph and she had an awesome time. i do drift, but i would never think about doing that with my dad. i was like a straight adrenaline shot into my bloodstream, and that wasn't good for any of us.
My boyfriend sneaks up on me and starts playing with my boobs and then eventually he starts tickling my tummy. as he is tickling me, he kneels down and starts grabbing my ass. i am very ticklish so i shrieked and in the confusion let out a very wet fart that i was holding in, making my panties ever so slightly moist. he thought it was funny, but i am still pretty embarrassed.
This is a psa, for all of you who think dancing with no dick restriction is a good idea. i helicoptered like i have never helicoptered before and as my girlfriend giggled i began to lose the erection, but i guess because if the motion, it stayed heavy and long enough to have some serious momentum. well she said something that made me lose rhythm and i swung down when i should've swung right and my meat club smashed into my low dangling fuzzy peaches, which were were swinging forward. i collapsed on the ground naked and held my funny bits cringing on the floor as my lady had the longest laugh of her life.
Banker tells story of client who had multi-million dollar deal. Bank had to provide bid bond, a statement from the bank saying they have a certain amount of money locked up, that the government can take if the company fails to meet their obligations. Banker chewed off fingernails and picked cuticles until his fingers were bloody.
The man had the tell-tale signs of down-syndrome / autism, and he was watching a funny video on his phone. i felt like a complete pos.  why didn't i just politely ask him to keep it down?  ugh... -_-
 "i'm obliterated, slurring my words and stumbling around, having a great time. i go and sit next to the fire (i don't remember where the fire came from), and start talking to the people sitting next to it "  "i've blacked out, for the first time in my life. i'm awake on the couch in the party host's house, feeling like complete shit "
The fire started at 6:30 a.m. and burned for more than two hours. Two hours later they still burn. The fire was put out at 7:30 p.m., but the flames continued to burn for another two hours after that. They are still burning today.
My next door neighbor has breast cancer and just recently had a huge surgery. A week ago she got into a massive car accident, ripping her stitches and giving her a concussion to the point that she doesn't remember the accident. i was discussing this with my parents and my stepdad said  "oh jeez, that poor woman and her family, the hits just keep coming " To which i replied out of habit,  "haha, literally. ba dum tsss "i got sent to my room... not a huge fuck up. but still.
My sister and i are on vacation in miami. We decided we would like to visit key west since we heard it was a cool place. We got up at 5:30 in the morning to get ready. We packed all our stuff and got a call from the front desk saying that the tour bus was right outside waiting for us.
i kind of complained about my housemate jane to her sorority sister. jane texted me mildly combative messages, and even her boyfriend has been asking me if jane and i are really fighting. if she decides to move out (which would be dumb but jane's a drama queen), i'm fucked because, well, rent.
i submitted a post earlier about an old theme park in nc. The mods removed it after over 250 karma, so i messaged  "whats the deal ", things escalated and now its fucking gone.read all about it here. Read more about the story here.
i am a cashier at a fast food joint and today, i am sick with the cold. the night before, i called everyone i could to see if they are willing to cover for me. no one was available to work. so i bought some dayquil and some energy drinks to get myself through my 9 hour shift. during the dinner rush i was helping on push in the drive through. then something happened, i guess the congestion, the dry air, maybe the dayquill caused me to have a bloody nose right there, right in front of the fucking customer. i quickly excused myself to take care of my nose bleed. then, i went back to work on that
i knew what i had done immediately after. i had to crap in the woods and grabbed the only large leaf i could find. pretty self explanatory. actually  happened a couple weeks ago, and was the worst poison ivy i've had in years. i knew what I had done instantly after.
i always carry my gun with me in my car and then bring it inside when i get home from work or wherever. this morning i was in a rush and was operating on 4 hours sleep. so i just threw my gun on the passenger seat when i got in, next to my computer back pack. i pull up to the drive thru window at my local mcdonalds and realize it's just in plain sight. didn't want to scare the lady at the window so i threw it in my bag real fast. then i drive 30 min to work and forget it's there and don't put it in the usual spot in the car. i take the bag into work and it just sits
It was gross. It was gross it was gross, it was Gross. It's gross. it's gross it's Gross. it is gross. and it's disgusting. It is gross and gross and disgusting and disgusting. and gross, gross, disgusting, disgusting. And gross.
i was in the shower minding my own business, having a shower beer and thinking about life, when i looked down and there was this **massive** centipede in the tub losing it's mind. it ran over my foot, which made me try to jump out of the way and get it off. instead, i tried to stop my beer from spilling, which meant i had nothing to grab when i slipped on the obviously slippery tub, and came crashing down on my knee. the little bastard then scurried up the shower curtain and somewhere into my apartment, where he now lives in victory knowing that he kicked a human's ass.
i was working on a rather rigorous study guide. trying to be nice and knowing some of my class needs the help, i posted the guides online for them. only problem is, while making them i'd incorporate little superscripts of my feelings towards the chapters and general tediousness of what we need to know. i went through each guide and deleted my inputed thoughts and feelings but forgot to hit save....so i uploaded all the files and have no way to delete them. the staff can see everything we post and i really hope my instructor doesn't take the time to go through them...shit.
i was not doing well this past week. not well at all. no amount of straining produced more than the smallest, puniest little bit of hard poop. i tried eating greens. lots of greens. water. nothing worked. i decided to tackle this medicinally. i got a box of laxative pills. maybe hubris was my downfall? i don't know.
i lost my passport. my dad is going to kill me. he lives in texas i live in florida, how the hell am i going to tell him. i'm so screwed.edit: fuck yeah, found it. the title says it all.
i've never had a one night stand before, and i'm not the type to do so, and after this never again. i recently got out of a long relationship and have been avoiding going out and getting drunk. in my intoxicated state i thought it would be a good step towards getting over my ex. in doing so i may have slightly neglected my best friend who only knew me at the party, that's the first part of the fuck up.
i got a rejection letter while at work from from an outstanding graduate school in my hometown. i told one of my apparently loudmouth and untrustworthy coworkers what had happened, in confidence. turns out that my boss has major hookups at that school, and he was going to speak to the dean about rescinding the letter. now that the whole office is about to know that i got rejected, he can't work his magic because if he does everyone will know about the kind of pull that he has at the school. i currently have no acceptances to any schools; this uncertainty is the worst feeling ever.
i was playing my soprano sax today and decided that it would be a good time to clean it. i went into the case and grabbed a swab, figuring it would fit through it. well, i was wrong. i pulled it on through like i usually do, but it got stuck. i spent the next hour trying and trying different methods to get the swab out. all i ended up with was a few burns, a deep cut in my thumb, and a still broken saxophone.
i haven't been sleeping well this week, which means my caffeine input is higher than normal. realizing the murder scene likely waiting beneath my pale thighs, i opted for a courtesy flush. this is where things go wrong. as i flush, i realize that it sounds a bit different. it seems that the tiny hose that controls the water flow for my tank had broken loose.
unfortunately, i have a bit of a thing about smelling food before i eat it. it's gotten to the point where i don't even realise that i do it. so i was a bit hungry last night and decided i'd make some food. noodles seemed like the perfect lazy option and i tore open the curry packet to dump into them. since i was on my own and not thinking, i raised the powder to my nose and took a big sniff.instant pain and burning weren't solved by sneezing or swearing and now i sit here, nasal passages still fuming (figuratively and literally) at me.
This happened about a month ago, but it took me some time to get over the shame. Halfway through the night, i woke up & felt that something wasn't quite right, too tired to care, i slept in again though. After about 2 more of these small  "half-asleep-wakeups " i wanted to scratch my asshole, which resulted in some cold goo being pressed closer to my butthole. After some painfull pulling, i pulled the half-dried piece of shit out from between my buttcheeks with a fair bit of my crackbeard still attached.
i live on the third/fourth floor of an apartment complex with no elevator, and laundry room on the first floor. The apartment next to ours was being remodeled and now finished, the new renter is moving in today. they have heavy accents (the woman was wearing a head scarf, i have no idea where nationality/ethnicity they are though). anyway, on my way out to buy batteries for my xbox controller i said hello, gave a smile and nod, etc, etc.
i had a midterm scheduled for 10:00 this morning, and my commute usually takes a little over an hour. the class goes until 11:20, and i managed to wake up at 10:17 this morning. i hurriedly gathered my things and got ready to leave, and then my mom offered to drive me. we got to my campus at around 11:01 and i sprinted to the building my exam was in. there were people huddled outside the room and they wished me good luck.
i've had an ipod for about 3 or 4 years now, and it's gotten pretty beat up. yesterday i dropped my ipod and the screen shattered, so i decided to take off the screen for whatever stupid reason i had in mind. now half the touch screen is unresponsive, making the ipod useless. later on i let my 17 month old brother play with my psvita, which lead to him somehow factory resetting that. after installing windows 8.1, i now have 1 inch black borders around my screen.
i work in china as a college esl (english as second language) teacher. during break time in class, i took it upon myself to download a popular media player used by a chinese tv/movie site. with that player i can stream tv shows and movies with chinese &amp;amp; english subtitles. i have the player on my personal laptop, but had forgotten that downloading it opens the flood gates for porn and rpg related pop ups.
The toilet is full of chlorine gas. nobody is dead, which is good. The cleaning lady (maid, for those of you in the usa) had already have poured a load of bleach in there earlier in the day. The toilet is also full of phosphoric acid. nothing wrong with that, to remove some limescale.
i never thought that i'd be posting here with an unfortunate poop-related incident, but, alas, here i am. It all started this afternoon at lunch. i am slightly intolerant to lactose and gluten. genius me thought it would be a great idea to order grilled cheese. After consuming this delicious product of death, i was off to the last block of the day, physics.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Visit www.dailymail.co.uk/travel for a weekly snapshot of destinations in the U.S.
i was trying to take my contacts out and they were being stubborn. usually when your contacts are really dry (like if you sleep in them) they are difficult to take out and can even sting a little. i decided i would use my finger nail to get up under the edge of the lens. i grasped firmly onto an edge i had managed to lift and pulled. only then did i realize it had come out on the first attempt.
i decided today that i was going to rub out a nice one and grabbed the first thing i could use as lube, applying it to my genital bits.it was great at first and i finished, but during clean up while everything was returning back to it's original size i began to feel a burning sensation. i ran to the shower and decided to blast my balls with the high pressure setting on the shower head. needless to say it hurt, so my balls were burning and i hit my dick with a high pressure shower head so now i'm in loads of pain.
short one. was playing a game with mum where i tell her all the states of america and she tells me if i've missed any (learning is fun!). and as i was showing her a list on the internet she said  "that's not it. "and it was porn.
i had lunch with my mom/dad/grandma just to catch up. Instead of listening to my radio,  i just played them my ipod. My family members are really religious. They have a picture of the virgin mary in every room of the house. They agree with most of the catholic church's policies.
i work 7:30-3:30pm friday-sunday at a job where i have to be reachable by phone/at the computer at all times during my shift. on friday i ordered a medium pizza(8 slices) and some breadsticks from papa johns. i ate 3 slices and 3 breadsticks and put the rest in the fidge.  3:30 rolls around and my coworker shows up to take over for the night shift and i said to him  "i ordered pizza and breadsticks for lunch. if you want some it's in the fridge "  He ate the remaining 5 slices of pizza and 3 of the breadsticks.
i went to a casino. decided i would only spend $100. went to blackjack table with a $50 minimum bet and ended up leaving the table with $525. i was psyched. so i walked around for a bit and i took out my phone to snap a picture of the chip u2026i dropped it. lost forever. i hope it went to someone who needed it.
 "i was at an anime convention preparing for the midnight rave with a couple friends and we did so by having a lot of bacardi... i was really quite intoxicated but i felt really happy and great! that is until i started dancing really really hard. after two songs, i started feeling sick, so i sat in the back with a cup of water and i started Feeling sick.  (this was the best idea i had all night) because i puked in said cup until it was generously full. i got back to my room, hopped in the shower, and proceeded to puke so much burger/bleu cheese that it clogged the drain and i sat crying
i feel like my insides turned inside out and then decided to make their way out my ass... and they won't stop :-( i think i'm dying. so friday night my friends and i went out to celebrate my 25th bday. we started the night with dinner at osaka (a japanese hibachi restaurant), and then proceeded to drink copious amounts of liquor. it ended with me passed out on my bathroom floor.  it is now 6am sunday, and i have spent all my time since noon yesterday glued to the toilet with uncontrollable shits.
 "i was so high that my arms were crossed while i was pissing and my friend thought he'd take a funny photo of me high. out of nowhere i hear  "gotcha " and i see a big light and my mate grinning with his phone "  "For a moment i thought he was mental. we both found it pretty funny for a while afterwards "
i usually go to this locally owned coffee shop downtown that is a pretty cool place. so i usually go over and put my usual things in it, cream and sugar. i sit back down and set my coffee down behind my computer. next thing i know someone bumps the table and the entire 16oz cup of coffee dumps all over my laptop. i freak out obviously and remember that liquids usually only mess up electronics due to shorts. i immediately unplug it and remove the battery. i get the bottom of the laptop off and its soaked. i use some napkins and sop up as much as i can and let it sit. a few minutes go by and as i am
One minute of the finished film was zoomed in of the ten (hundreds of clips i sorted last night were perfectly fine, just two of them were not) and it just happened to be zooming in on my friend's ample and shapely breasts. i had to beg the professor to not give my team a failing grade, and accepted one instead. everyone in university thinks i'm a creepy perv and everyone now knows that my mild mannered, very nice and shy friend has large breasts.
$25 to barnes&noble, gone. in a separate bag. well, later in the day, it blew out my car and i didnt chase it.. got home and realized it was in said bag that blew away. youre welcome, whoever gets it. it was for my grandma.
 "The brony " is often sitting at my computer right before the class. He has thinning, greasy, stringy, untrimmed hair which just sort of hangs over his sweaty forehead. He also seems to wear the same clothes many days in a row. The worst thing is that after he gets up, the chair still smells.
 "It's like breathing in a sh*t-ton of water and burning the crap out of my brain, " he says.  "I'm like, 'Oh my God, what am I going to do?' It's like I'm going to die, " he adds.  "It's just like that. "
i had to use bolt cutters to get the blades out of the truck. i have to get 3 new blades and one deck spindle. i won't be trying to mow the lawn for a while. i need to get rid of some of the grass. i don't want it to get in my eyes.
i recently acquired some lsd on blotter paper that i was planning on ingesting sometime in the next week. my roommates are coming back today. none of them know that i do this kind of thing.  i'm sitting here having a mini-panic attack, worrying that they'll find it before i can get to it, or, god forbid, accidentally eat it. although, it is paper.  why would anyone eat random paper, right?
i feel like crap, i don't know what i'm doing with my life. i flunked out of university. i need to get this off my chest. tifu (and by today i mean a while ago), by flunking out of school. i feel like u00a0crap.
The incident happened when i worked for a small family owned pizza restaurant. One night i was working with the owners son and we decided to go for a jog in the park the next morning. half way through the lap i am in desperate need of a bathroom. i tried one of the bathrooms out there but the door was locked as well as the park clubhouse, as it was sunday. luckily he doesn't notice and jokingly says  "you may wanna wipe your butt when you get home "
A day after i threw my shit-stained boxers into the recycling bin, there was a terrible storm. with the wind slinging recycling and garbage bins around outside, i knew i had to rescue my bin before it was airborne. i ran outside in the pouring rain, only to see the bin fall over. i have no idea where it landed, but i'm sorry if it landed in your yard. once again, i'll answer any questions, comments, or concerns.
 "i was thinking i would be fine in a few minutes. so i take a nice big rip off the bong and cough like a motherfucker at the same time shitting all over myself and  through my boxers all over the couch "  "i'm going to try this again; i think sitting on the toilet this time "
i'm staying at my mum's for the summer. she had a viewing this morning, which means you have to put absolutely everything away. later i decided to microwave some beans. i took all the stuff out of the microwave, but somehow missed the sharpie. now it's all leaky and melty and shit.
i was working as an intern in it last summer. as i was moving the crap from storage to the rooms to be reassembled after building and grounds finished cleaning the room, there was this door with a painting on it. it was a thick sort of canvas that was made of chalk or something. so i come down the hallway with the force of hurricane katrina and normally i can stop quickly. no. there was a large patch of dust that rendered my soles useless. i was able to steer a little but it was not enough. i ended up skidding just enough that the rounded corner perfectly destroyed the beautiful face of an actor by impacting his nose 2 inches into the face.
i was in the kitchen making dinner, chicken some garlic habanero peppers and some other various things. i chopped up the chicken, washed my hands. i then went on to step two, chop the garlic and ha Banero peppers. mission complete, went to the couch sat down, did the old nut readjustment. and then, the pain, feels fine now, but was not a very enjoyable hour. life lesson learned.
i walk with a cane and have diminished grip strength so it's always a bit scary when i innocently traverse the stairway. i thought the way was clear and i had nothing to worry about but then i hear him jump down from the dresser. sure enough, he has to race me yet again. he's fine, but i doubt he'll remember this incident next time and will try all over again.
i was a virgin at the time so i spent time thinking about how i was going to approach the situation. after about a week i called my gf over to stay at my house while my parents were gone for the time on some cruise. halfway through a scary movie she says she is sleepy and i ask if she wants to spend the night. after an ok from her parents because they know me as a good guy, i lead her to my room and she gets in my bed. i watched the rest of the movie in the living room until i know the coast is clear and that she is sound asleep. i felt my way onto her to the point where i was fingering her.
Today i was awoken at 5:30 am by my sister to drive her to work. After fighting with her for a good 30 minutes about why she couldn't go to work i finally said fuck it, i'll drive you. Since she was late leaving the house i literally got in the car with just an oversized shirt , no bra on, and my underwear looking like a crackhead with extremely messy hair and unbrushed teeth. After speeding like a maniac she gets to work on time. When i am driving home i realize this fucking douchebag behind me is driving up my ass and tailing me. i am kinddd of an aggressive driver prone to road rage so i speed away
i have the galaxy s3 and the apple earpods. i put my earphones in to listen to a podcast the other day as i journeyed to work. for some reason, the sound wouldn't come out of the right ear. this was my first mistake. i went on amazon and ordered some new ones. guess what? same fucking problem. i don't know what is wrong with them.
i work as a gas attendant at a gas station in a shitty little redneck town. last night i had a father and son pull into my pumps to obviously fuel up. instead they parked in front of the regular unleaded gasoline pump. while the men were standing there i began to pump their gas. i put about $30 worth of regular into their tank, handed them the receipt and wished them a good night. this morning i got a phone call from my boss informing me of the mistake i made. now my job is on the line because our company is having to pay to tow the truck, while i will most likely be paying for the repairs.
Friends and i rented a cabin earlier this summer with a 3rd floor balcony. decide to try to piss off of the balcony into the fire pit below. friend lets his dog out (unbeknownst to me) to use the bathroom. i underestimated my distance and pissed on the dog instead. friend bought the dog inside and went to bed. dog slept with him, covered in my piss.
i was on the bus coming home from visiting a friend in a nearby town. so i start dreaming about her, and before i know it, it turns sexual. a slow, lustrous tension builds up as, in my dream, i slowly slide my hand up her naked thigh. the second i reach her privates, all the muscles in my body release in a wonderful spasm of ecstasy. of course, with a sinking stomach, i realize instantly what is happening.
The video was posted on YouTube on November 6, 2013. It was the first time the video was viewed by more than 10,000 people. The video has been viewed more than 100,000 times since it was uploaded on November 7, 2012. It is the most viewed video of its kind in the history of YouTube.
i set up my mom on dropbox so that she could have access to her photos across all her devices. over the course of about four months her photos have slowly been backing up on my dropbox without me knowing. at the same time, my photos have also been backed up to dropbox (you can tell where this is going) including some inappropriate photos that i had taken awhile ago.
i was wondering,  "man, i bet i could shove something up my ass, " so i started looking around for something to use as a makeshift dildo ('dem hormones) all i found was a razor, but it had a handle so, hey, it worked! after successfully applying ~~lube~~ shampoo, i grabbed it, and, quite frankly, wanted to see how far it could go. somewhere in this mess, my hand got sliced by the razor. i remember it didn't hurt that much because when i looked at it, it wasn't bleeding. It wasn't until i went over to the sink to wash off the razor that i saw what happened.
After seeing the caption and realizing i liked it for the wrong reason, i decided to check who else liked it.  i was the only guy.  so i unliked it but realized the damage was done so said fuck it and liked it again. After a few more likes, i realized i had liked it too much.
i work for a municipality..someeeeewhere out there........and have to drive to sites basically back and forth all day. so today, i was driving to a work site in a part of town i did not know very well, and was situated off of a fucked up road with lots of construction. as i am almost at this site i am driving on this road that literally had the lines redrawn about 3 times, making it hell to try and figure out where the fuck the turning lane was in this mess. finally after 10 seconds of scanning i decide to take farthest left lane..it looks a little small but whatever. i make my turn, drive to the site and
i don't like coffee, except for ice mochas, so i decide to try an make one. i have ice, a blender, coffee, sugar, i think this will work. i get out the big bag of ice and i plop some cubes in. it looks weird, too dark. tastes more coffee-like than i'd like. i add more ice and cocoa powder and sugar and get to work. it turned out *okay.*
My friend and this guy i knew got together. i decided to start talking to him, to try and gain a mutual friend. well, long story short, he fell for me and dumped my friend for me. he asked me out the other day. he seems like a sensitive guy so when he asked, i felt like i'd hurt him badly by rejecting him. so i said yes. but i knew it would be a bad idea.
a week and a half after surgery, my girlfriend had some time before she left for some rush stuff. one thing led to another and we started fooling around. i made a wrong turn and ripped open a couple stitches. i started bleeding all over my bed, and i've been in pain since.oh yeah and washing sheets isn't too easy when you can barely walk i've learned.
This happened several months ago, but i just learned about this subreddit from a friend so i figured i'd post my own tifu. i attend college and am part of a fraternity. since it's the weekend, me and a few of my buddies decided to go to another frat house and have a beer or 10 and party. as the night progresses and so does our lack of sobriety, we decide to leave and head back to our own house. as we are going to a door that leads us out, we try to open it and it gets (what we thought) stuck. not thinking to just go out another way 10 feet down the hall, my friend sp
 "i go to my girlfriends house at night,stay til morning and leave. well, this morning around 2 am we fucked and after i was finished i asked for a towel,cleaned myself,put the towel back. i get a text from my girlfriend at around 11 am saying she couldnt stop laughing. i asked why,and she told me. her dad went into her room to get a towel because he was taking a shower,my cum towel,all over him. yep.
My so and her family are on vacation and i am taking care of the house. i was there when i started feeling some serious stomach cramps. i rushed to the bathroom and let go. it was quite messy and after much wiping, i got up to flush. however, to my complete and utter horror, nothing happened. apparently they had shut their water/plumbing off.
There's not a damn thing i can do about it until the canada revenue agency sends me an official letter that there is a portion missing. even though i know what's wrong, it doesn't matter; there's nowhere and no one to send it to until **they** have communicated with **me**. which is really fucking grand. fml!
 "i opened up reddit and click on a few links and i see nsfw one in imgoingtohellforthis is why not i click on it and its a picture of a girl in the snow naked and something 4chan rape or something, so i forget to close the tab and my gf comes in and said i've been looking at porn and now is angry and sad "
After 20 years of not smoking, i had one of the most horrendous weeks imaginable (probably not actually all that bad, but at the time it seemed massive) so upon arriving at the poker tournament friday night, a friend was out back toking away. Two puffs later and i'm feeling pretty pleasant. Since the tourney hasn't started yet, i park myself on the patio to enjoy the ride. fifteen minutes later, the pit boss calls  "shuffle up and deal! " and i realize that i can't get out of my chair. As i sit up, the world starts spinning horribly around me and there's absolutely no way i can walk.
i sold my old phone to my friend (samsung galaxy) and did a factory reset. i assumed that deleted everything, my friend put his sim card in and it was all good. today he texted me that hes watching the vids of my girlfriend blowing me.
A few days ago, i was extremely upsetting for losing my puppy. i know my boyfriend would cheer me up. we were on the video chat and we both were fooling around with virtual videos. he put the video up with snake trying to get chicken. i told him to take it off, he was like show your boobs or snake eats chicken. so i flipped out and decide to do what he said. at the same time, his father walked in while i flashed my breasts. he saw the whole thing and look away, told something to my boyfriend and walked away. after that, my boyfriend literally cracks up (still now, believe it or not)
i don't like voicemail.  it takes too long to go through and i usually know what the subject of a call is, even if they don't text me right after, so i hadn't checked for a week. i get a call at 2 am from an 808 area code which i don't recognize so i let it go to voicemail, which i then check.  there were 3 messages: 1 from my grandma who lives in hawaii (area code 808), 1 fromMy mom, and 1 from an hr person at my city hall where i had applied for a job which was in my field.
Losing $50. supposed to be saving money for college. feel really disappointed in myself. thought it would be fun to bet a little money online on sports and blackjack. lost $50 and was really disappointed with myself. think it was a bad idea to bet so much money on sports.
i was sitting on the computer as my husband watched some t.v when he disappeared. My husband says he just sat down to do his nightly ritual and that it may be awhile as the heat was affecting him too. i attempted to busy my mind with making the bed and just walking around. guess what? it didn't work! as thoughts of me running out the door to  "commune with nature " ran through my head.
i just popped two stitches, on my penis, opening a very fresh crater about the size of a hole punch in a piece of paper. i couldn't get my mind off sex. i popped a small erection. i was having sex with a girl on the phone. it was horrible.
i work on the 23rd floor of an office building as an intern for the summer. on monday morning, just like any other day around 11:00 am, i go to take a dump in our floors bathrooms. as i waltz into the bathroom, phone in hand, i see a disappointing sight: both stalls are taken. no problem, i think to myself, i'll just head down a floor and use their restrooms.
i went to a fancy restaurant. i ordered poutine, salad, and pork belly sliders. i ate it all and i was like  "man that was delicious ". i started walking back home. i felt the instant urge to shit huge amounts. the need grew more and more urgent as i walked, and i had to walk several blocks. by the time i got to the hotel, i was practically sprinting (which wasn't really helping) i begged the concierge to tell me where the bathroom was. i got there, and  "men's bathroom is close for cleaning " so i went in the woman's bathroom. it fell out of my like a waterfall. splatters and
Our parents are out of town, and i had marching band practice. find out that in the hour i was gone, my brother had somehow shot the tv and busted the window. i had to get duct tape and a big piece of cardboard to cover our ruined window, and the tv has a perfect hole right through the center of it. the stupidest thing is he insists 'he checked the gun and it wasn't loaded' my dad said that he can get a replacement window and tv while they're out of city.
A friend of mine had recently been expelled for selling weed at school. He showed him a show called weed wars on medical marijuana dispensaries in the us. So he decided to watch it and see how these dispensaries are run. Moments later snoop dog begins singing about weed and my sound doesn't mute for 10 seconds.
i had just picked my kid up from daycare at 3:30pm. i was told he didn't want to eat lunch. okay, no big deal. as soon as we get in the car, he starts fussing and telling me he's hungry. i decided to stop by bk on the way home and get him some french fries. they turn out to be boiling lava hot. i thought i was being clever by [sticking them in the air vent] with the a/c on low to cool them off for him.
i was leaving the shop to walk to the bus station. as soon as i start i see the bus coming up the hill. to try not to inconvenience the bus i started running/skipping/walking to try to catch up to it. i made it to the rear of the bus the bitch pulls off. and just when i thought it couldn't get any worse i turn around and see a google maps car. i have dreamed of this day and it was ruined. i'm fairly sure i saw the driver laughing hysterically.
i was talking to an internet friend and said something extremely negative that really freaked him out. turns out my internet friend took it that i'm about to kill myself, and sent my irl friend a few frantic messages describing the situation. by the time i came back from my shower my real friend was already halfway to my house... i couldn't convince him i was okay.
My dad is going to murder me. i seriously deserve it. i made the same mistake twice. did not yield on left turn. my brain is fucked up. college starts next month so if i fail again, god have mercy. fuck this shit. I'm so sorry.
i refill my lighter every few days with zippo brand fluid, and had finished the container 4 days before. i believed that i would be fine for another day or so. i continued with my activities for the day, when i went to meet my girlfriend for lunch. we ate at subway, just so you're all aware. i had a steak & cheese on wheat bread, which although was placed in the toaster, was still quite  "bready "
i work for a major fortune 500 company although i am an extremely low level employee.  despite this, my boss invited me to represent our location at a global conference.  the conference was at 6:00am for my time zone and i slept through my alarm. i'm leaving for work in a few minutes, lets see how pissed off he will be....
A jar of peanut butter was found at the back of the cupboard. It had not been used in about 9 months. After a few seconds it felt like it had been stung by a swarm of wasps. The taste of the peanut butter made me want to throw it away.
At work we just installed an editing station with final cut pro 7 studio. i hooked up all the gear, got everything fung shui, then started installing the 8 cds of fcp onto the mac. After two hours of downloading and only halfway through, i'm looking up tutorials on how to get the display on two monitors. As i move to connect the cords to the second monitor, i shut my laptop toget the screen out of the way. The office computer had been using my cd drive to download the final cut software, so it stopped.
My dad recently went under a operation that went badly with his teeth. so currently he is missing is top row teeth. i have already had a hard time not laughing when he yells at me because it's hard to take it seriously. thankfully i got off with a week of no car and no personal freedom, all and all it could have been much much worse!
i am 25 and a sophomore in college. i am typically fairly competent when it comes to social interaction. i outgrew my  "that guy " stage years ago, and now i get to silently cringe in class. why can't i just keep my mouth shut? it's one thing to participate in class discussions, it's another to be an obnoxious know-it-all.
i ate about half a bag of spicy nacho doritos and about 10 hot wings leftover from lunch. my stomach had a bit of the gurgles all morning. i didn't think anything of it as i was driving. i stop by a grocery store that was on the way and sprint into the restroom. my scumbag rectum had soaked my boxers but left no trace on my pants. i think i got the job.
This is the story of a woman who was so sick with stomach cramps that she couldn't talk. Her teenage son found her curled up in the fetal position on the bathroom floor. She was in so much pain, she was only able to make moaning noises and screaming out in pain.
i am allergic to cashews. we have a cabinet at work solely for the purpose of communal food. i grabbed a graham cracker from the bag that was laying right next to the nuts. my tongue is now itchy, i'm sweating, and i feel like i might vomit at any second. luckily i get to leave work soon.
 "i'm sure one day my boyfriend and i can look back on what happened in his grandma's bathroom and laugh about it, but we still haven't talked about it "  "i'm still trying to find my dignity. (this actually happened yesterday. "  "i can't excuse myself to the bathroom until everyone is done with *every course. "  " i'm in full on panic mode "
My teacher told me off for reading an inappropriate story on reddit. reddit is now blocked at the school, and its all thanks to my idiocy. The story in question was  "tifu by telling my girlfriend that i got a lap dance at my buddy's bachelor party "
i had just finished my lunch break and had a large root beer with it. i was put at drive thru window. i pressed my stomach up to the ledge to reach out the window to get her money. i strain and let out a sound of effort to reach the customer's hand. immediately following that sound was an unexpected, wet belch. she is clearly repulsed as i stammer out multiple apologies. she glares and calls me a disgusting pig, then speeds off.
Last night i was out with friends, and we all had off the next day(today) so we decided to drive to m's house and get plastered then have the dd take us to get chinese food. i guess at one point during the night my manager asked me to sub for one of my coworkers on... you guessed it,today!! and drunk me thought  "hey i need the money, go for it " but when i woke up today at 4 am to open the pool at a little place called [home] it took every ounce of determination in my body not to puke. so i clock in and do my typical opening duties and then i get up in the stand
i had a bad relationship more than 10 years ago that really soured me to relationships for several years. i spent at least 20 minutes explaining the bad things that happened in that relationship, and how much better my relationship with my current girlfriend was. literally the only thing she took away from that conversation was  "so you loved your old girlfriend more than me? "  she has been repeating this over and over again all weekend, and now says that if i want to see someone else, it is fine with her, because i don't love her anyway.
Last night i had a kick back at my house while my parents were out of town. i had 20+ beers and threw up in the hallway. some one spilled fucking soda all over the carpet. so  i get dressed to clean the house. i notice the first sock is little damp but i don't care. then i realize what happened. in my drunken daze i opened my sock drawer, pissed, then closed it. im assuming idk
 "i have not shit in three entire days and have been eating like a pig at an all you can eat, weird "  "i ha filled the bottom of the low flush chinese toilet completely even without paper. i wiped my drenched ass and tried to flush, it was futile. unfortunately the other american person broke my computer lcd screen and i have to rely on that family "
 "i have locked myself out of my car and the gym. probably going to catch a cold now "  "i am from the south, and recently moved to indiana for work.. and its cold... and raining.. i ended up having to ruin my housemates sexy time so he could drive across town to pick me up "
While my brother is in town from graduate school, his dog (modello) has been staying at my house until he finally moves for his new job. modello treats me just like he does his owner. he always gets excited when i come home. he's the kind of dog that hugs you hello because he's just so happy to see you.
i wasn't supposed to have the girl over, and one thing lead to another. now i'm waiting for dad to come in and rip me a new one. self-explanatory. i wasn't expected to have her over. i was supposed to be with my friends.
i was texting a girl i've known for a few years when suddenly i she says she feels really shitty because someone called her a slut. i immediately went on a rant about how that made want to mafia style the guy; surprise visit, breaking knees, etc. however, as my luck would have it, i misread  "dad " as  "dude " with a missing 'e' i realized this after i sent the message. now she won't talk to me.
A friend dared me to try and eat one of these things in one bite. i, being just as or even more of a dumbshit, agreed and went ahead. as the hot dog went in and the sausage touched the rear of throat, i felt a slight gagging sensation start to build up. i stood there hunched over coughing for a few seconds before i heard the disappointed awws of my fellow dumbshits.
i was going to the best university for my field in engineering, had a nice job in one of its departments. my whole family decided it was best to move to latin america for work-related reasons. in an impulsive response mixed with  insecurity, love, and low self-esteem, i decided to withdraw from my college and go with them. so now, my hard work dating since highschool was thrown out the window, i'll be living as a failure with my parents in an under-developed country, and i have nothing whatsoever to keep me busy for the time being. tifu.
i'm smart. i took a shower after work, so that i would not be sweaty for a meeting. i was then forced to ride full speed to my meeting cause i was running late (due to shower). i am now sitting covered in sweat. i'm smart, i took the shower.
i was watching the 2009 film children of the corn (for those that don't know, this is based on the 1977 stephen king story) and this film has a scene in it where two sixteen year olds make love in front of a group of young children. it was at this point when i noticed someone walk past and realised that it will have looked like i was watching some strange, somewhat paedophilic, pornography. not good.
i was getting ready for my first day of pharmacy school and needed to make breakfast. i went down to the kitchen and found a pan that i thought was clean but noticed some leftover food residue from likely dinner last night (likely chicken was made in it) so i made my egg white cheese omelette in it even though i was thinking while making it that it was a bad idea. It's been 7 hours and i just had a very watery bm and am pretty sure i'm fucked, as i had it 2 thanksgiving ago and it started this same way.
i'm a complete dumbass. i should have just taken care of all this shit on my own from the get go. i shot myself in the foot and i deserve to just get it amputated at this point. i don't know how i'm going to be able to pay this off, i have a couple of payments coming up and rent and i'm freaking out. there's not enough time in a day for me to work and not enough money to make all this go away.
i was just at the gas station to pick up a refreshing arizona ice-tea. minding my own business i walk past the magazine rack where there are pictures of scantily clad women on the covers. i turn my head to look just for a second because they were there, just there. i say sorry, and she looks like she is going to say  "it's ok " back...but instead, looks where i was looking...turns slowly back at me...and says,  "sinner...i'm going to pray for you. "
After a night of partying we were all really (very) drunk, and were all making our way towards bed. As drunk as i was i figured it was no big deal and i would just pass out in my bed (only like 5 feet away) and let them do their thing. i'm climbing into bed and i realize that my roommates little sister (who was partying with us too) is already there, but again due to the fact that i am drunk as shit i think nothing of it and just climb in too. for a few minutes we kinda laugh about the whole situation and then out of nowhere she starts making out with me. one thing leads to another and all of a
i was running to the gym like i usually do, and on the way i had my nike+ app turned on and my headphones in and i was jamming. as i was running down one road, there's another path that curves around some foliage that makes it impossible to see other people walking. be that as it may, i had no shame to sing along to one of my favorite songs by the lonely island,  "dick in a box "
This actually happened 2 years ago during summer but i didn't know about reddit yet. to this day, i still shudder from having my left thumb near my razor. also i regret not taking a picture, it would have be a great post for r/wtf.
 of course this would happen to me. of course he didn't warn me that the toilet was clogged before i went in there. ofcourse i am probably the one who clogged it with tampons. roto rooter is on the way. life sucks sometimes.
i should have known better, being an avid tifu reader. perhaps this is some kinda karmic justice for all those times i have laughed myself to tears at the antics of others on this forum. this is my just desert, and i am eating it, humbly.
 "i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to go back to that party again "  "I was so drunk that i didn't know what to do with myself "  "It was like i was in a dream and i couldn't wake up "  "i don't know if i'm ever going to get out of this mess "
i u2019m kind of paranoid about checking towels now. A weta, a native insect of new zealand, had made my towel its home, whilst it plotted its scratchy assault on my dick/balls. i'm not too much the squeamish type though, so i acted quickly and sent my small friend flying out the window.
In 2008, i was living in albuquerque for a short time, and was about to head back home to montana the next morning. i decided to go out drinking with some friends, and since i didn't want to get a dui, i parked my car a few blocks away from the downtown bar area. The next morning i get a call from my mom at 7am telling me to call this agent from the fbi. since my car was packed with all my shit, they assumed there was a bomb in  my car. They busted out my back window with a bomb robot and threw all my stuff out on the street and sidewalk.
i was sitting on my bed which was the top bed on a bunk bed. i suddenly had this awful feeling in my stomach, and i knew i had shit. under me was one of those camp chairs that folds up, and it can still stand up straight while folded. so then without looking i turn around and jump off my bunk bed will having my back face the chair. i jump down and i feel something poke me about 3 inches up into my ass. it hurt like a bitch, so the second i feel it poke me, i jump up and i run around the bunk griping my ass tightly. then when i finally stop running one of my counselors say,  "dude,
i went into my girlfriend's bathroom to take a shit. as soon as i let loose, everything came down splat into the toilet. i started to wipe my ass with a ton of tissue because it was all over my ass. i wiped with too much tissue. then i felt more coming out so i just kept shitting on top of that tissue. obviously i had to wipe again so now there's a shit ton of shit and tissue in the toilet that won't go down. i just woke up my girlfriend (who was taking a nap) to help me clean that shit.
Two of my favourite bands, of mice & men and bring me the horizon (if you know who they are, love me or hate me) were coming to play a show. prior to the event, there was a twitter competition to meet the band which i entered hours before hand. turns out...i won. meet and greet with all the guys, backstage pass for the night and i could bring a friend free of charge. unfortunately i didn't check my emails in the hours before the show and missed out. so i'm now sitting here at 2am, missing 2 assignment deadlines due 2 hours ago because i can't be fucked moving. gg life.
 "I'm lonely. god, i'm lonely "  "I've never been so happy in my entire life "  "It's like I've been given a second chance at life. I'm going to make the most of it. "  "I'm so lonely. God, I'm lonely, " I say.
My girlfriend and i have been swinging for four years and are unofficially engaged (i.e. no ring). We have done everything there is to do as swingers, fully swapping in different rooms on numerous occasions, though we both agree it is more fun to do it together in the same room. yesterday we went to a swingers party at a friend's house.  the whole afternoon was filled with naked swimming and soaking in the hot tub.  lots of drinking as well.  so, as it got darker and we got drunker, things turned more sexual.  jane's leg was sort of laying across mine, so i was stroking it while she and john
i do morning announcements with some friends, i get to miss like 10 minutes of class and crack some jokes on the pa system, win/win right? ...not today. my asshole was flaring like an ancient oriental dragon coming back to life to take it's vengeance on the universe. my intestines felt like the engine of a supercharged '68 camaro being revved by a polo shirt wearing douchebag. i felt like a demon was trying to escape from deep inside my asshole. the whole school heard me loud and clear.
i spent the night at my friend's house last night, playing video games and watching movies. the next morning, he got a delivery and i decided to pants him in front of the mail carrier. stupid, i know, but i thought it was funny. not for long though...a bit later today, i passed through the house's living area, where his parents were watching some shitty sitcom. i was making small talk with them when my friend snuck up behind me and pantsed me back. yep. dick and balls, on full display less than two feet from his mom's face. now her parents have to give her a special talk.
My car is a 1978 mercedes benz 240d - paid $600.00 cash for it since the engine and trans was in perfect shape. i am in the middle of restoring the car. i bought the place for her to get her out of the ghetto when i was out on the road. with my current job i make about 350 a week so i'm not exactly well to do.
 "I feel a fart. there aren't many people on the buys. I go for the fart. a gooey shit mixture came out. I stop and try to keep my ass floating and keep the most serious poker-face of my life "  "ended up waiting for an hour and then subtely throw away my boxers stained with a gross shade of green "
i was hanging out with a girl i have known for a little while and have some serious feelings for. we were shooting baskets at the park behind my house when i decided i should dunk it. i missed the dunk but grabbed the rim and  swung forward. i fell out of control and fell  flat on my wrists in a push up position. i fractured both bones in both wrists, may need surgery, and we got to spend our 4th date in the er.
The video was posted on an incest site as a brother and sister getting it on. The site's admin requested a formal dsmc request via lawyer before acquiescing to take down the video. The user claimed they had snagged it off limewire, which i had used before realizing how awful it was.
18-year-old's dog ate his taco. The taco was left on the floor of his room. The dog is now in the laundry room for easy cleanup. He is now sleeping on the couch. This is the story of how one man's taco turned into a puddle of dog poo.
The rest of the day was very bland and uninteresting and i cringe at what next week will be like. i work a retail job that is going out of business, so its not like i really had anything better to do. went on r/nsfw at work and guess what happens twenty minutes later... all of reddit got blocked. today, i sincerely fucked up.
i was doing a bit of coding while my girlfriend was playing a game, and i randomly got up to stretch while watching archer.  my girlfriend got up at the same time, and we decided to give each other a hug (aw). i said something about working too hard on my project, and she replied with  "i'll show you working toohard " and pulled me to the bed.  we start making out and are just getting into it (archer is on in the background to mask sound)   suddenly, archer says to krieger  "aaaaand that erection is really inappropriate ", right as my girlfriend reaches down there.  We decide that archer has spoken
A 16-year-old whacks his sack about 4 times a day. He took a photo of his sister and her friends at a pool in their bikinis. While in whacking it his sister barges in and asks if i took one of her shirts. She sees everything and runs.
My son crapped his pants at home, in line at the grocery store, at the movie theater and at the park. He promised us that he only had to pee, so i took him into the men's room and made sure he did his business before we set out for home. i don't want to say what i did with his shitty underwear, but let's just say that my methods were questionable to say the least.
i was just leaving the gym now after obviously working out. as i'm walking out ahead of me a woman who was clearly of hispanic descent is corralling her young son of about 5 or 6 out. she parked her fucking car at the other end of where i park mine (5 rows away) so i was trying to not look like a creeper and see where she parked and i thought *maybe* i could drive up and chat with her. yeah, by the time i got there the car i thought she was in was nowhere in site. guess it's another opportunity missed with a smoldering cougar.
i feel like if i gave blood there would be an epidemic of people going retarded at random. so today at 11 am i went to buy something, couldn't find my bank card. i thought  "well i must have left it at home, no biggie "  so i decide to go to the bank tomorrow and get a new one made.
i had a trusted friend with her while she took the tests because i was worried she'd lie about it. everything's fine now and she's currently out of state. the sex we had was protected by the way. i'm so incredibly thankful that she wasn't pregnant and also thankful for all you guys commenting. i love you guys.
A cast iron pan was used to cook bacon. The pan was washed and left to rot in the dishwasher. The friend who washed the pan is now angry with the friend who gave the pan to her as a gift. The cast iron is still in the oven and will not be used again.
i started sleep walking this past summer and i'm not really sure why. i woke up this morning without any blankets on and the sheet torn off my bed. i noticed my left, big toe was in a lot of pain and bruised, and i struggled walking. i get to the mirror in the bathroom and there is blood all over my face and a giant gash in between both of my eyebrows. half the people i talk to think i'm possessed.
i have had acute pain in my right bollock for 24 hours and i am pretty sure it has swollen slightly. so this story starts last night when i had a friend round. when we drink you usually end up naked in bed and this time she decided to spank my balls... a little too hard.
Land surveyor didn't tell contractor that building was in the wrong spot. Contractor spent two days digging and putting in footings and now it is in thewrong place. Thousands of dollars of work. woops. i am a land surveyor and there was a miscommunication and i didn't telling the contractor that the building wasin the wrong place.
i knew this and i avoided it for years, but today i watched two episodes and now i have yet another tv show that i will mourn after. it was cancelled after 18 episodes and it's very very good.  i knew this  and i avoid it for Years, but  today i watch two episodes.
i was in charge of creating their user accounts for our platform and then manually send the login details to each user.two hours later and away from the office i realise i sent some users the wrong information. hurriedly i tried to fix the problem with only my phone at hand.
i was carpooling somewhere and i distracted the driver, almost causing a head on collision. the strangest part is, we were all up in the other cars lane and they never honked or swerved. i don't think they noticed. i was so distracted that i didn't even notice.
i thought i could trust the small town that i live but now i know i cant any of those fucks who live around me. today when i got home from groceries i had to make two trips.  i left my front door open for the 5 minutes that it took for me to get to my car and back.  between that time i had a few things stolen from my apartment; a nintendo ds withPokemon ruby, andPokemon white, and most importantly my new copy of madden 25.
i was drunk. i was going to the washroom and i somehow managed to slip right at the doorway. down i went right onto the tiles, and soon enough there was blood just *pouring* from my lip. by now i've drunk a ton of blood that it makes me puke- twice, on the floor, not in the toilet. this whole ordeal was tiring, and with the addition of being very drunk i decide to just lay down in the bathroom for a second or two, right beside the pool of blood and the vomit. i calmly tell him not to worry about it and that i'll clean it up in the morning. the next morning, i am awoken
My brother makes guacamole every once in a while. generally, it's very well regarded, though our mom doesn't like how spicy it is. personally i love spicy food and it doesn't bother me at all. i took a fairly large amount, since there was a lot left. the first bite didn't feel like food. my mouth felt like dresden. i kept telling myself my mouth was a liar. he's a nice guy.
 "I was in bed, looking at pornography, when i decided to shove my penis in. It took me 25 minutes to get it out. The doctor had to pull it out with 2 pairs of surgical tweezers. He told me to never do it again. I'm still not sure what to do with it. "
A high school student and his girlfriend were caught having sex in a classroom. The student was threatened with suspension, with expulsion, and even arrest. The boy's girlfriend was honest and made it clear that the act was consensual and mutual. The incident occurred on a day when both of them were in heat.
My cat, blizzard, has been sick for the past few months, going from having a tooth problem and not eating anything to eating everything in site after having some medication. She has gotten hooked on wet food, which of course has a terrible smell. yesterday she ate a full can and was hungry two hours later, so i gave her half of a full-sized can of her favorite flavor and went to bed.
i got a penalty because they didn't believe it was an accident. the kicked weeaboo girl also got benched with an ice pack for a while and stared daggers (or katanas?) at me the whole time. gomenasai, otaku-chan!
The wine glass on the dresser where i had apparently left the night before. The dresser had vibrated just enough to move the wine glass teetering over the edge and shatter on the floor. Now the mini bar has one empty spot and it won't stop mocking me every time i walk in and glance at it.
A man tried to sell 10,000 shares of stock through a major online trade company. He received an error message that he'd never seen. The stock ended up going higher after he sold it, so according to the company he lost $3,500. The company said they were looking into the matter.
i'm in a relationship. it's semi-serious, still measuring in months rather than years though. my girlfriend, now to be referred to as gf, is out of town for a few weeks. she is not the forgiving type. we have a mutual friend, the gf's best friend actually. her and her boyfriend of 2 years or so just broke up. i find her to be an even better match than the gF.
i visited my cousin's husband's childhood home where his elderly mother still lives. his mother was very nice and invited me into the house to have breakfast. while sitting in the kitchen, i was looking at all the decor and saw an old-looking portrait photograph on top of a shelf. i asked him if that's a picture of his father there and he took a few seconds to respond. he said,  "no, that'sa picture of my mother. "
i was thinking  "you know what would be cool? i should shit on my floor and play with it. " so i set up my station with a towel, washcloth, bottle of water, bar of soap, light, camera, and 3 socks. solid nuggets of shit began to land on the towel. and then, undigested spinachy shit started pouring out. i couldn't bring myself to do anything but just immediately clean up.
i didn't want to share this story with anyone at first but now i just feel like i need to get it out of my head. this is my first post, english is my 2nd language so i might mess up and i made a throwaway for this. be kind, please correct any mistakes or loopholes and such (i'm bad with logic) There's a tl:dr at the end.
i just came back from my second date with her. She asked if i ever though about modeling (i'm 6'3 and look like a bodybuilder). i said no but i thought about it. then she commented something else about my appearence. i then said that she should go out, and that she would be pretty enough. she took that well. we walked back to out vehicles. and i packed my stuff and gave her a hug goodbye. as i was driving out, she exited her vehicle again, so i exited mine. she handed me a drink of some kind and told me that i had to try it. i asked in a very awkward way if i could kiss
Tomorrow is senior portrait day and today my parents forced me to get my hair cut. before i had long hair about 8 inches the woman loved my hair, in fact everyone did. well now i look like a fifth grade white nerdy kid. i already look like shit as is i'm not topping it off with a suit. there won't be any pics because tomorrow im just having him make it better before he leaves for work.
 "i suck and this is why i shouldn't talk to people or extend my neck. now i have to cancel. i suck "  "i suck " 'i suck' ' i suck' is a common phrase used to refer to people who don't do what you want'
A family of four went for a boat ride to a local restaurant. The boat didn't seem to be moving, so we assumed everything was fine. In the middle of ordering lunch, my father looks over towards the water, and sees a boat pretty far offshore. He gets up, goes to the railing, and shouts  "oh shit! "
My personal car is a pontiac sunfire. with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting subframe.. i win. my car is also a Pontiac Sunfire, with balling tires and no brakes. with no brakes,. and a decaying subframe. i win
My girlfriend was talking to me about how she sometimes doesn't feel attractive in a swim suit, which if you don't know is pretty much all you wear on cruises. at some point she asks something like  "how would you rate me, from 1-10? "  ugh... that's a trap. i reply with  "oh i guess average.  but you have an amazing personality and i love you mostly because of that. "  and immediately regret that decision.
 "i tell her to get off and i'm bleeding a lot. i start to freak out and realize what happened "  "i tore my frenulum. we clean it up and try to figure out what to do "  "everytime i stand up i feel like i'm going to pass out "
i was using a lamp to read with, so it had got really hot. then i sneezed, i thought nothing of it but then i hear a loud  "pop " my lightbulb exploded and hot glass flew everywhere. im not sure what caused it to explode but, being startled i rolled off my bed in to the glass.
i was looking forward to that sense of relief one usually assumes after a shit, but not today. it felt like i was passing out a fist sized clump of pointy stones and dry twigs. this thing literally tears me a new anus. after wiping the tissue came away red with blood.
i am  in a committed relationship, and have a child. long story short, best friend dates a girl. they break up, and me and both of them maintain our friendships. couple months later me and baby-momma break up. me and friends ex girlfriend still talk and hang out. one day a month or so afterwards, i realize that it has more of a feeling than just friends, and tell her about it. she feels the same way. here it is 4 months later and we are absolutely in love with each other, but dont want to come out to everyone about it because of the crap that will get started.
A cork board that is used to attach various things to was stapled in the wall. The board was removed with staple remover but the staple wasn't for moving. So i yanked harder and the whole board pulled out of the wall causing me to hit the fridge with it.
 "i run every day. i guess you can say i'm a bit of a addict to jogging. before every run i try to hit the bathroom and get everything out so i don't need to run back home to go take a shit in the middle of my run. today i am not a proud man. i crapped myself and then i actually had to take a crap 10-15 minutes later. later on a bird actually shit on my laptop when i sat on my balcony.
 reddit.com/r/The_Realist has been in a lot of pain after a rope-related accident. He was climbing a rope swing in his backyard when he got rope burn. The rope was a 50,000lb test rope used to guide falling trees. It was slippery and had nylon fibers braided into it.
i was curious and being a nosy dick and this guy just wouldn't stop messing with my girl... i trucked up by being jealous 1st then i got nosy and had to say bs which apparently  "wasn't true " and was  "bs ".... chick chick boom splat thud.
i'm some pansy-ass clumsy-ass man, so somehow i end up tripping and scraping up my knee, classic scab kinda scrape. so i'm also the kind of pansy man who prefers baths over showers. yeah, i know, i'm such a fucking alpha-male right? and know it's not some bubbly bath, it's just a bath, get over it. i instantly dunk my knee into the water making little pain orgasmy noises. so manly. my knee stings for like 15 - 30 minutes. not a fun day.
 "i made a girl shit herself. in school. in the middle of the cafeteria "  "i do not know why i did what i did. i have a major crush on kim, and her boyfriend hasn't been treating her right the past couple days "  "kim is ***very*** ticklish. i grabbed her and tickled her. she started laughing and i caused us to get a lot of attention from the commotion "
i'm working towards a b.pharmacy and i had a practical exam today scheduled which is worth 12% of my final mark for the subject. i remember it being scheduled for 12:45 pm. turns out, it was scheduled at 12:15 pm and that it was meant to **end** at 45. Luckily, the examiner was nice and still let me sit the test with full amount of time.
i was on my school trip to dc, it was my first time going there so i was pumped. we went to see all of the main touristy attractions (this is day one) then lastly we go on this big yacht. at this point i haven't slept for maybe 48 hours, as i can't sleep in vehicles and it is about an 8 hour ride down. i lean over the railing and look down. my glasses decide to slide off my face. this was only at the start of the ride and i couldn't see at all for the rest of the time. remember this is only day one out of two. i missed on seeing about half of the stuff, including
Naked me fell while getting out of the tanning bed, put her clothes on inside out, forgot her shoes, and on her way out, said to the front desk lady  "everybody i know is dead " in a slow and trembling voice. after the 10 most terrifying minutes of my life... naked me fell.
i accidentally broke my glasses a few weeks ago, and had been using tape to keep them together until the new frames came. the tape came off halfway through the day at school, and for some stupid fucking reason i thought  "super glue will obviously do the trick! " so after failing multiple attempts at fixing them, i found myself glued to my glasses. i had to rip them off my fingers, tearing a bunch of skin and leaving my fingers in pain. so now i can't see for shit, and its going to take at least 2 weeks to get new glasses.
Natalie the cat is a 14-year-old domestic short haired calico. She is obsessed with me. She threw up into my coffee cup in a big way - complete with hairball. She watches me from the doorway with that plaintive  "do you still love me " gaze.
A few of you asked for an update after platonic dinner. They had dinner without me. I don't even fucking know. I'm not even sure what I'm doing. I've never had sex with a platonic friend before. I can't believe I did it.
i was sitting at my desk at work when i let a tiny little one out. it felt a bit weird, but no big. 10 minutes later i decide to go hit the toilet. my ass suddenly feels wet and with every step my confidence in my cleanliness fades. i pull the pants down and lo and behold, liquid shit making a great streak on my favorite pair of underwear, and it soaked through to my pants. luckily, i'm wearing jeans and it's not obvious, but if anyone looks closely enough, they'll see a dark spot. i'm currently sitting on the toilet trying to figure out what to do. i have no idea why this happened.
i received only a 550 on the sat math section (a score that is thirty points lower than the average for all of my previous sat i math practice tests) and only a 730 on both the critical reading and writing sections. this kind of performance is deplorable; an idiot could easily have obtained these scores with no effort whatsoever. i am weary, tired, and deeply disappointed in myself for my failure.
My husband has his fb account linked on our tablet. i've been using it a lot lately and forgot that he was signed in. i a lewd message and my nosy ass read it. i'm a horrible person for that but, the things i read makes my heart break. my heart hurts so bad right now.
My girl friend cut in half my beloved battlefield 4, a freshly opened grand theft auto 5 and smashed my limited edition gold c-3po controller. She was halfway through the 3rd season of breaking bad and was planning on staying up all weekend with her friends and finishing as much as she could. So now i can't get another copy of either game and have nothing to play until christmas.
i usually use pantene conditioner as lubricant at my house and it does the job well, but my grandpa doesn't have pantene; he has this natural tree root herbal extract conditioner shit. so when i'm doing the deed my dick starts to feel minty and i see some of the conditioner slip into the cum canal... i thought nothing of this and when i tried to pee afterwards i felt the force of and entire spice cabinet exploding in my urethra, it took me at least half an hour to pee. i'm gonna guess that my sister in the room next to the bathroom knows...
i am munching down on an egg roll full of chinese delight when all of a sudden a tickle in the back of my throat and i cough and spit food including spicy mustard on my coworker. now i feel stupid and he is covered in msg ridden treats.
i was watching community to start my slow saturday at work right. cafe mocha tipped. i didn't get a chance to turn off the computer - it went black and unresponsive within 10 seconds. fuck me, right? i'm sorry. i was just watching community.
i let loose a mini-nuke of fart-poop, engulfing my shower handle in a thick coating of liquid molten shit. i tried to wash it away by using a few different kinds of soaps and shampoos, but alas, the smell lingers. still deciding what to do about the situation.
Long story short i got mad at my daughter for letting a craiglist scammer..scam her.  in reality i was pissed at the scammer not my daughter but unfortunately she (my daughter ) got the brunt of it. long story short  i was mad at her for letting him scam her.
i'm drinking, talking and bbq'ing with my housemate. i forget to re-grease the grill and ruin the salmon. by now it's hours past my bed time, i'm drunk as a skunk, and starving. i get a chocolate bar with custard filling and one of those cinnamon rolls with the icing that flakes off like dead skin. i try to shout  "be right there " but my mouth is full. i quickly chew, swallow and hurry up front.
 "i know that we made a deal not to get serious but i can't help myself, i've known her for 2 years already. i got angry/depressed and managed not to say anything or act mad to her, but when i got home i started taking some vyvanse out of rage and started busting out homework and writing this long ass post. i just don't want to feel like this about her, i'm lost guys and don't know what to do "
i wanted to see if i could clear the height of my counter in my house with a jump and ended up cracking my back midair. now i'm sitting here in a decent amount of pain and hoping it passes. at least i managed to walk it off like i was fine with the people that were witness to my spectacular feat.
So i bought this really cool toy from amazon and decided to carry it to work. After work, messed with it on break, in the crew room as to not scare people and make them think it was a real knife. When i left work around 10 pm, i started flipping it around, because my walk is a mile and a 1/2, very boring. that was about 10:30 pm that i left, continuing walk home, crossing the street and a cop drives by slowly, cuts me off and gets out of his car. He asks if i have a knife, i say,  "i do, but the blade is flat, nonexistent even. may i ask why you
This is more of a collection of multiple small fuckups that add up to the giant fuckup that is the title. The story starts with a friend telling me she's hanging out an hour away, and that i could crash on a couch there after a long night of partaking in alcoholic beverages. After driving about half way there, i realize my phone is on 12% battery.
i have to be up early tomorrow for some volunteering shit with my girlfriend.  i had intended to take an adderall tomorrow morning because i also haveresearch to do afterwards.  about 15 minutes later, i realize my mistake.  now i am staying home and praying that i can get a minute of sleep.
i recently purchased a used $100.0 16 foot trampoline off of craigs list with my best friend. me, his brother and i were all bouncing today and practicing front flips it was my turn next so i started hopping building up momentum. in the next second i jumped with the highest bounce i could manage and when i reached the peek of my jump i knew it wasmy cue to act. however, that is when faltered and locked my leg onto thetrampoline the pain i next endured was the most excruciating experience since i ran full force into a cactus. god it still fuckin' hurts....:(
i was so nervous and excited i didn't check the whole name. he and my boyfriend have the same first name. my grandpa shares a cell with my step grandma and they almost never check it but i can't just run over there and erase it. what should i do? help.
i like to think of myself as a normal, functioning, relatively classy lady...or maybe not. i had to barricade myself in the stall for the better part of an hour while i expelled demons out of my ass. all the while a woman with a stroller had decided that she needed my stall and was trying to break the door down instead of taking another available one. luckily i had extra panties.
i've been trying to get them together for a few weeks now but she just isn't warming up to him so i meet up with her in person. we sit down on the edge of a grave because there's nowhere else to sit. i'm trying to persuade her into getting with my friend when she tells me to close my eyes. i comply and badda bing baddo boom we're making out on somebody's grave. so the grave is covered by one large flag-stone. she pushes me back onto it in the middle of our passionate kissing and the fucking flag cracks down the middle and breaks in two. it's in a v-shape. we both proceeded to run out
My uncle had cancer around 3 years ago and he's still traumatized from the cancer, hospital and all the things they had to do to in order to get rid of the cancer. i accidentally forgot to change the length on the shaver, and i ended up giving him a number 1 haircut. i already shaved some of his head, so i couldn't just change it back to a higher number, because it will look terrible.
i get thirsty after waking up, and take a nice big swig. so i'm sick, and gagging up phlegm all day into this empty can next to me. i get hungry, so i take a big bite out of the can. i'm thirsty, so I take a huge swig from the can, and drink it all.
i'm not sorry about getting them to quiet down, but i still feel bad about smacking the boy. i made it a point to apologize after the movie ended. he responded with a  "fuck you " and then he and his friends walked off laughing at his witty response. i guess my body was just as surprised that i actually spoke up as my brain was...
i've been trying for some 5 or 6 hours now. it turns out that when you don't wear a rubber glove that smell will stick in your hand pretty badly.also, hand sanitizer / heavy washing with strong soap just won't do. trust me, i've been tried for some5 or 6hour now.
i've worked like an absolute dog for the past month and a half, i can honestly count times that i've had a solid 8 hours of free time this summer on one hand. i've skipped parties and game nights and haven't seen the sun for over a month. and now i've got 34 minutes until i fail the two classes i've worked the most on.
i am a younger person still living at home with my parents. i happen to like jerking off with something vaguely phallus-shaped in my anus. due to the complexities of buying an actual dildo or butt plug and lube, i improvise with a toothbrush on-the-go case and lotion.
i usually don't drink coffee, but today my brilliant self decided to make a really strong cup right before bed. so not only am i too hyper to sleep, but i also am sitting on the bathroom floor, in front of the toilet, about to puke. i am a genius.
i am currently awaiting investigation by the area manager. i had had enough of peoples crap (a story for another day). i snatched a banana back and proceeded to hit him around the face with it while saying,  "you're right! they do fucking bruise! "  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0
i'm on my feet most of the day with few bathroom breaks. oh the pain. title should be self explanatory. i'm onmy feet most the day. with few bathrooms breaks. i's on my hands most of a day with little time for a break. ohthepain.
i was a few minutes late to class today. our professor regularly sends around a sign in sheet to check that we're all there for  "participation points " (see, grade padding)  the sign-in sheet had already gone through and i didn't get to sign in, so i think  "hey, i'll just send her an email letting her know i'm in class " after a couple hours i look and see that i accidentally sent it from my undergraduate email account. the signature of said account is  "daddy "  therefore, the email i sent said:  "i am in class today, but i was afew minutes late and missed the sign in Sheet "
Last night around 2am my boyfriend had to pee real bad and was too lazy to piss in his bathroom 5 feet away. he pulls down his boxers unscrews a half done poland spring and refills the bottle, screwing the cap on, and placing it next to the other water bottle on his night stand.  It's 6am i'm sleepy as hell. i go into my bag, take out my prescription medication, pop my morning pills and grab the closest water bottle. halfway into my mouth i realized it tasted like salt, immediately i gag, spit said contents back in the water bottle, turn the lights on and see pills floating ontop of piss. we have
i'm a senior in high school, taking an ap english class. The class focuses on mostly british literature for most of the year. The teacher asked me to describe the whole thomas a becket/ king henry situation. As i begin talking, i very casually say,  "yeah, thomas and the king were butt-buddies and they- " and my teacher yells  "what did you just say?!? " apparently butt buddies is a literal term for gay lovers.
My laptop broke and my sister had been away so i decided to use hers for the time being. She was away with her friend and they would be returning the following day. The friend is a very nice girl but unfortunately looks and dresses quite old for her age (about 40 but she was the same age as my sister 22). i always crack jokes about it to my sister and she gets pissed off, of course never when the friend was around.
i registered for an account on a dating site today. haven't really tried online dating before. filled out the for and uploaded a photo of myself. looked at some profiles of people and messaged about 10 girls (aged in the range of two years in each  "direction " from my own age) over a span of six hours.
i woke up late, spent too much time at a tent sale and had to get in to study for the mcat. the time was about 1 pm, so i'd lost the chance to study this morning. i drove from the tent sale to my parents' house to show off the wetsuit i just bought and grab a quick bite to eat. sure, they said, there's sliced chicken and kaiser rolls in the fridge. now i need some sauce to make this whole thing come together. they immediately suggest this thai dipping sauce that is awesome
i had an interview and an excellent shot at this job. they said not to worry about anything and didn't want to stress me out over anything. they also offered me a small cup of water. i was still nervous from the interview so i grabbed it like you would a normal cup for no reason. after i left i saw one of the interviewers going in with paper towels. i didn't get a very high ranking on the interview...
After i'm done browsing, i decide to go for a wank. i knew full well i had cleaning people over (they come every other week and clean surfaces, dust, etc), but i just wanted to have the sound on anyway. i figured most of the time, they do my room last. so i literally subbed like 3 seconds ago and i was laughing at all these sorry fucks who aren't me.
My boss and i get a long like two peas in a pod. We joke about everything from clients, to rules/protocols and even when our employees fuck up. Before i went in to see the client, the guard was so nervous and kept asking me,  "what are you going to tell the client? " to which i responded -  "nothing you idiot "
i'm really bad with technology. i have a flip phone, and how smartphones work is basically beyond me. After the cashier scanned the phone, i didn't turn the screen off because i forgot. i see one row of pictures of him and his girlfriend, smiling and posing. Then there are three thumbnail rows of pictures that... i don't want to go into detail.
i woke up a little earlier than usual to clean up after my 6 [degus] (say hi to dactyl!! very cute, but very messy little rascals they are!) i had forgotten that i'd also turned on the space heater earlier in the morning to get dressed in here. (yifu & left a window open, making the room a little chilly for those not covered in fur)
I'll let the image speak for itself. right off the bat, too. [i'll allow the image speaks for itself.] I'm not sure why I'm doing this, but I'm glad I'm. doing it. I've never done this before, and it's a lot of fun.
i was mortified. i didn't know what a right toilet was. they told that story to anyone and everyone who would listen. my family still loves pointing out what a big dumbass i was. i thought they were shit-recycling machines. i had no idea they were connected to anything. even now, all these years later, my familystill laughs at me for shitting in a disconnected toilet bowl.
 "I go to walmart for one sole purpose. gushers. i spend literally around 30 minutes looking for them. after a long time of searching for them i had no luck so i decide to ask an employee. there were many out there but i went to this girl in particular. super hot, my height too and that's rare, bro "
i just completed my ba but in order to teach a masters could help out in my region but starting salary is $30,000-40,000, after $20,000 more in schooling. with no grants, scholarships, federal assitance. now i'm thinking of returning, spending more money ($12,000) for a lesser degree (rn) but one that could pay more ($50,000-$65,000), than teaching.
i was in a class called competitive sports and games. One day, while playing indoor hockey, i rammed into a girl. She suffered a concussion and couldn't return to class for a week. The next day, she got hit in the head with a ball and was sidelined for weeks.
After work, a few coworkers and i decided to go to buffalo wild wings. i decided i was going to get the blazing sauce for my wings (the hottest they have) thinking it wasn't hot at all i swallowed. it was like 1000 shots of satan's cum. i couldn't breath and had to suck down a whole cup of water before i could continue. if i hadn't been able to see i could've sworn i was swallowing hot coals. what's worse is that i have bad asthma and with every bite i had to take a hit from my inhaler.
i was on my way home today and stopped off at the small country store about five miles from my house to gas up the car. i was fairly hungry and knew that i didn't have anything at the house to eat, so i figured i would peruse the selection food that they make in-house. i remembered that a friend had recommended the fried fish, so I bought a small order, paid for the gas and headed home. ten minutes into the trip, my stomach starts doing cartwheels and i beg off from the trip.
My colleagues at work are all battlefield players, to the point, where sometimes we walk around the office going  "battlefield?..battlefield! " (in the same vain as  "buttscratcher!!! ") I didn't realise my mistake until the boss responded with  "hmmmm " There was some serious backpedalling on my part after that!
i was talking with my fat retarded sloppy druggy 'friend' at lunch with a lot of other friends. we were talking about my friends new diet where he doesn't eat bread and how he's going to die. then we came to the fat one and asked if he was going to go on a diet. he said no obviously, but them i just burst out saying,  "maybe if you masterbait and jizz a lot you'll loose weight " then all of my friends look at me laughing and i see our math teacher looking right down on me.
i have this problem where my ears always get clogged up and when i use wax removal (the drops) it always clears it up so i can hear again. well, the other day i went to wallgreens and bought the off brand simply because it was $5 dollars cheaper. two days later my ear gets infected and the ear canal swells up. i'm legally deaf because i can't hear shit out of either of my ears due to these god damned ear drops.
i was headed to the bathroom at work when i stepped on a piece of trash (that someone must have tried to toss in the wastebasket and missed) in my scramble to catch my balance and not eat shit in front of my coworkers i must have relaxed my sphincter because i let out the loudest public fart of my life. i didn't even look back, just walked straight out of the room and down the hall to the restroom where i cowered in shame and contemplated leaving and never coming back. i eventually walked back to my desk.
i was getting ready to bike to the gym and walked to my car in the driveway to get my headphones. my chiweenie donny must have snuck out behind me while i was rummaging through the car. i went back inside, realized my dog was not inside, and went outside to call him. he came hobbling back, leaning on one side and keeled over onto the grass. i noticed he had numerous cuts, a gash under his eye, and one of his eyes was looking slightly in the wrong direction. i freaked out and got my dad to watch him while i ran around the corner. a bystander was calling the police because a van collided with
i was bored in class so i opened up reddit on my phone. by doing this i also opened the board i last browsed, which happens to be r/pegging. i was in full view of five or six other students and at least two were very close. to make matters worse, my phone froze for a good thirty seconds trying to close it. i pray that she didn't read it, or anyone else notice.
i'm sitting in class waiting for our first break of the day and i think to myself  "a kit-kat would totally redeem this awful day. " so when we are dismissed to break i proceed to procure a tasty treat from the vending machine upstairs.  One bite in,  "hmm, that's strange. this tastes stale. oh well it's not that bad. " i proceeded to eat until the last bite wondering how a candy bar that's supposed to be fresh taste so stale... i check the expiration date. 7/12. hey, atleast i didn't shit my pants.
i work at the local hospital. i am a er clerk where i check patients in. they are installing a new voice intercom system to announce when visiting hours are over through the entire hospital. the engineering department did not tell us how this system will work, or what they were setting up to make it function correctly. i was not aware of the new system working like this and no one told me, but for some reason everyone else knew. i now await an *unimaginable* ass chewing.
Ze bruised and bloodied hir knuckles all to hell. it still hurt pretty bad a couple days later...so ze went to the doc to get checked out. turns out ze broke a couple bones. um, since ze is an artist, a sketch artist...ze has to have steady hands. pretty much isn't going to happen after this kind of injury.
if we aren't going to allow this, then we need a new forum for these fuck ups and more active moderation. i've noticed an increase in these ones getting upvoted to the top lately. if we are going to allowed fuck ups from the past to get such positive reception, yall should consider changing the subreddit title to suit all fuck ups.
i meant to send this to one of the guys in my office over skype (we use it for quick office communication.) he's got an odd sense of humour and i think he'd get it. i accidentally sent it to a girl in one of our international offices who i've never spoken to before. she didn't reply for aaaaaaaaaaaaaages, then said... 'bit random' i immediately wanted to vomit.
A woman tells her ex-boyfriend that she's seeing another man. The two go out on a date, but she doesn't return his calls or texts.  "i f*cked up indeed, " says the man who fell for her flirty nature.  "It was everything i could ever imagine and more "
18-year-old me thought she was just grossed out by the puke and i didn't realize until years later that she was upset because i couldn't reciprocate love. We broke up the next weekend. I should contact her and make sure I didn't scar her from ever telling someone she loves them.
i am in the navy and am in charge of ordering advancement exams (taking this exam is part of how we get promoted) for the 2,500+ people onboard my ship. we have a listing of every sailor onboard and what job they work in (for example, i am a ps or personnel specialist, so i would take an exam specifically tailored for a ps) the navy has about 30-40 different jobs or [ratings]   u00a0we order these exams from a website that also has a list for my command. my job is to verify this list to ensure that all the people i have onboard match the list that they have on the website so i get the right number of
My mother's marriage left her disowned from her family and forced her to  "abandon " her then-only child. About a decade after her disownment, my mother was able to ameliorate with her family. My sister even listed my mother as her family on facebook. My mother was told she would be sent pictures of the newborn.
i'm in class, doing whatever on my laptop like i always do, chatting it up on irc.  then, someone gives a link to some gif with no description or context. its usually something funny, but sometimes its something nsfw. i clicked this link without any hesitation or though.  i noped that tab shut, instantly worried about how many people are sitting behind me that noticed. i'm worried there's a chance somebody was highly offended and would bring it up with the university faculty.
 "i've had this shameful tale under my belt ever since it happened about ten years ago. it's always made a good party story, so i figured i would finally put it out there for the reddit community "  "i already know she's not going the be the woman i spend the rest of my life with, but we have a lot of fun together and share the same kind of humor "  "She lost it. openly bawling on the dance floor "
i was talking with other students after class, saying all you really had to do was study the powerpoints for the test since she basically just reads off of them. i then said  "it's not like african art, where it's her specialty. i don't think she knows much about american art. "  she then walked right past me, and i'm pretty sure she heard me. :|
  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0- lied and have had actual conversations pretending to be someone in order to manipulate a situation.  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0- stole a friends property.  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0 - Stole a friend's property. u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 Lied and lied and pretended to be another person. u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0Stole a friends house. u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0Lied and have lied and lied. u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0 u00a0stole a u00a0 friend's u00a0property.
i went to the lovely golden arches after work for some fish mcbites. i decided that the sharable size would do, given that i'd felt sick earlier the day (but felt fine at dinnertime) and didn't eat much. i weigh all of 108 pounds sopping wet. i'm crummy in the tummy.
A friend of his introduced him to a girl he'd been trying to get with for a few months. After a night of drinking, the girl said she didn't want to sleep with him on the first night. The friend's friend then told him about a story she told him last year.
i had coffee so i was a little gassy. at work, 7 am, nbd. or so i thought.get to my first class at 930, and my friend tells me i'd gotten my period, she could see it on my pants. panicking, i go to the bathroom and find that i had sharted my pants, and because my leggings were purple it looked like blood.
This happened when i was twelve but i figure it still belongs here. So we were selling puppies at the time and were sending emails back and forth between clients. At the time i was into some weird naruto hentai and wasnt smart enought to clear my history...   so my mom was sending out emails to the clients when 2 of them promptly stopped emailing us back. My mom decides to look at her sent mail to see if she had said anything wrong and then she found 50 extremely explicit images of the shame of my nightmares.
My girlfriend cooked a delicious meal of turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, and all that other good stuff. After eating it all, she put the leftovers in the fridge so i could have them for dinner the next few nights. The next night, i make myself a plate and soak everything in gravy, because i love gravy, especially her homemade gravy. After microwaving it for 45 seconds, the gravy got hard as a rock and burnt, ruining my whole meal.
 submissions should be submitted as links to pictures of text containing the story. i think its sad that people here don't get karma for their stories and while this does filter out the karma whoring frauds the people submitting the content aren't get rewarded. so that the fuck ups who entertain us here get something back.
Last weekend my husband and i demolished our master bathroom. we put up plastic to keep the plaster dust from getting into our bedroom. then, last night, it rains and i notice that the rain seems *really* loud. like, as loud as it would sound if we had a window open. we had opened the bathroom window to let out dust and we never closed it. so every noise i made went straight out to our elderly, conservative neighbors.
For the longest time, i have been thinking up amazing april fool's jokes to play on my little brother. i finally thought of the best prank after watching a video one of my friends made last april fools day. i would rubberband the sprayer on my sink, and watch the hilarity that would ensue when my brother tries to wash a dish or his hands.
i was at a college basketball game. had been pre-gaming with beers at friends house before. got to game. bought biggest beer they had. sat down in seat. beer started to slip down.  my instincts took over, squeezed my knees together to hold onto beer.  entire contents went up and over onto little girls head. soaked!!i muttered something about going to get napkins while her father who is twice my size is glaring angrily at me.  ran down the stairs and promptly left the venue.
i had a crush on a girl in 6th grade. She asked me for my number. i could have just walked away, but my scumbag brain insisted. The mark of my fuckup stained the floor, the aisle...hell, the entire store. reddit...kill me now.
 "They escaped and now i'm going to get in trouble oh no "  "They escaped. They escaped. they escaped and  u00a0now i'm gonna u00a0get u00a0in trouble "  "Oh no. Oh no. oh no, " he says.  "They're going to escape. They're u00a0going u00a0to u00a0escaped "
Back gates to my neighborhood get locked at 12 and i forgot what time it was and when i got there i had to turn around and go to the other gate. i didn't feel like going back out to the main road so i decided to cut through a parking lot that runs behind this huge strip mall in front of my neighborhood, where all of the dumpsters for the restaurants are kept. i must have driven through a puddle of putrid, rotten-ass, sewer food waste shit water concoction because all of my vents in my car started spewing this vile, rancid stench. and it won't fucking go away.
i was in first grade and i had to shit really bad. i decided to hold my shits so i would not miss the bus. 20 minutes later on the bus, the pain in my stomach is excruciating. i could hold the poop no longer, it slowly emerged as i stood up from my seat.
i was walking home from work today. the gate around my apartment complex was broken because some dumbass wrecked into it. i decided to climb on a nearby dumpster and jump the fence. when i jumped down, it ripped my underwear right out of my pants. to quote lonely island, my butthole was on fire.
i got my coffee to go as the weather is getting colder and i had to walk for a bit. i arrived to an intersection and was waiting for my time to cross the street when i decide to have a sip and the coffee lid open on one side so as i drank, coffee kept leaking on me. i didn't realise right away as, being cold and all, i had a thick sweatshirt. all of this happened on one of the main streets of my city so there were plenty of cars around enjoying my fuck up.
It was veterans day at my school. The elementary school kids were all getting up from the bleachers to stand in front of us and sing a song. One girl, though, was trying to walk in a straight line while simultaneously staring at the scary high schoolers. needless to say, hilarity ensued.
 "i had one pint of cider and have spent the entire night shitting my brains out and nauseated to the point where i can't sleep "  "i am having epic farts that smell so bad they make me gag "  " i haven't eaten since noon yesterday.  he told me not to drink, i figured one pint couldn't hurt "
Getting married in 53 days and my fiance and i are paying for our wedding. 1. be a valet. 2. reverse into another car. 3. boss's boss angry over recent influx of wrecks. 4. job is on the line. 5. marry my fiance.
A black 17-20-year-old asked a white man for change for a $50 bill. The man confronted the boy, who claimed the bill was fake. The police were called to the scene and the boy was let go. The incident was caught on camera and posted online.
My boyfriend came over to hang out and watch tv. eventually i decide that i want to give a blowjob. the best way to do it was to unzip and pull it out. i begin to get to work when suddenly i hear a key in the door. i did the logical thing and try to put it away. i think he was just surprised and trying to make a joke.
It hurt. it fucking hurt! it really, really hurt! It was so bad. it was so painful. It was like being punched in the face. It hurt so badly. It really, truly hurt. It's like being stabbed in the stomach. It hurts. it's so bad!
i cut off a dime size piece of my left index finger and cut into the middle finger. Doctors were able to clue it back together. This definitely ranks among one of the stupider things i've done in my life. i got some pics on my phone, but i haven't uploaded them yet, i'll update when i do.
Last night i smoked a couple grams with some friends on the way to another friends house. by the time we got there, the munchies had definitely kicked in so the first thing we did was check my friend's pantry. i found 4 boxes of oreos so i grabbed a handful. i was so distracted that when i remembered that i was eating i looked down to see that i had gone through two whole boxes. i decided it would be a great idea to eat the rest and hide the evidence so i would be innocent. i grabbed the 4 boxes and went outside to find a dumpster to free myself from my thieving deed. i threw them in the trash but by then
i was playing with my pee like many of us do, and i slightly squatted down to see how low i could go while still peeing in the toilet. i got to about half-way squat with my focused eyes making sure that i was still hitting the target when a small magic bullet drop of piss water splashed me in the eye. yup, feel pretty stupid.
A pvc fitting to the water sourced a/c unit that me and my boss put together wasnt glued properly and broke loose and poured out water for nearly 2 days. The owner lost every spare piece of dry wall he had, several pieces of plywood, and some doors. It took us 6 hours to get rid of all the water and all the bad material.
My friend was raped by her father from about the time she was 6 until she was 15 so this is a really touchy subject. i jokingly said that it was my daughter so ali said  "he raped a girl and kept the kid " lauren punched him in the mouth and got very upset. she said  "don't talk about rape like that you fatass! " and he started swearing under his breath. so i said  "rape. rape is good! " (not out loud)
A guy that i was seeing while he was on vacation in my town invited me to come visit him. so, i sent him a text asking if he was serious about it. he replied  "when? i'm in boston at the moment " i was so excited to get a reply and a  "when? " that i skipped over the boston part.
i usually don't let her sleep in my room but i recently had her fixed. i felt bad and let her climb in bed with me and went to sleep. next thing i know i am woken up by excruciating pain in my right nipple. she had climbed under the blankets to suckle me.
i had a party at my dorm last night with a couple of my mates.got shitfaced.threw up.brushed my teeth.dropped my tooth brush on the ground.later on my buddy was throwing up in the bathroom and i thought it would be funny to shove a toothbrush up his ass.now remember i was drunk as hell ,im not gay.anyways i did it and it was funny as hell.
No winners since march 9th? just wondering where that went. as the title says. no winners since March 9th. just wonderingWhere that went? as thetitle says. No winners sinceMarch9th? no winners after March9th. no winner after March 9st? no winner at all.
Last night i took a shower and i was shampooing my hair, and some dripped down right on to my stomach and creeped all the way down. i washed myself off (quickly, because i've made this mistake before) and thought everything was fine.this morning i woke up to go pee and it burned so bad. it's like 1000 tiny daggers...
A fellow student and colleague asked me:  "dude how do you copy and paste!? " to which i promptly replied:  "like everybody else, captain obvious! "- well, right about now the supervisor,whom is a woman, started to notice me and my neighbor. he asked me again and said that he was serious and i told him how to copy and Paste. the moment the words:  "ctrl+c " left my lips the supervisor was already behind me, pulled me up and started shouting :  "right now get out! congratulations you failed your test! ". to say i was ~~starstruck~~ surprised is an understatement.
i decided that i wanted to get buff. so, that afternoon i followed my mom to costco and bought 6 gallons of milk. by the time i came home it was 5 pm, so i decided to chug an entire gallon. i have taken 9 liquidacious shits in the last 2 hours and not a single one has had any solid in it. its like taking the largest piss ever out of your ass for 2 minutes straight. every 15 minutes.
Watch the video at 1:23 for the actual action of the video. At 1:30 for the real action. At 2:00 for the video of the actual video.
i bought a container of breyers triple chocolate ice cream and opted to eat all of it in one sitting. i then proceeded to spend the next 20 minutes shitting what seemed to be the entire contents of my bowels throughout the week into the single staff toilet. i did get lucky in the fact that no one else went in there for a while, or i probably would've killed them with the ridiculous stench i left.
The game is a drinking game where each time a team concedes a goal, both members of that team have to drink a full beer. this includes an extra beer at the end of the game for the losing team. The rules are just my variation, but we believe this provides an ideal drinking balance for 4-8 players. **you'll be surprised by how much adrenaline is used in this game that makes you think your less drunk**
i went to the dentist in basketball shorts thinking nothing of it. well me being a teenage boy had a single dirty thought for half a second, and got rock hard. i don't know if the dentist noticed or not because she was working on my teeth, but im almost positive she did. well this was my first post. been lurking for a while though.
i had sent my gf a couple of sex toys while she was home for the summer (we're both in college, i'm 28, she's 22), and i made her promise not to open the box till i could get on skype with her, sort of a surprise. well she was really happy to see the toys, started charging the batteries i sent, and i'm trying to get her to get frisky on cam with me. i end up getting her to take her shirt off and i started playing with myself on camera, when her mother busts into her bedroom and sees me in all my glory. her mother proceeds to chew me out, claims that we're making
i broke a chisel which wasn't that big of a deal so i went to the real pry bar. well all was well until a 2 foot wide by 8 foot tall section of concrete board and ceramic tile came crashing down. so i catch it with my right ring finger and nearly cut it off. the hospital fixed me up and all is well.
This wall of text (sorry) was not only an actual and really sad fuck up, but also an exercise for writing short stories because i just realized i have an english exam tomorrow. this is a timeline of what happened to me today..   grotesquely. grotesquely-fucking-up. grotesque-foul-tongue-in-the-face-and-puke-up-your-neighbor's-body. grotesque.foul.tissue-in the middle of the night. grotesque, foul-mouthed, puke-covered, puking-yourself-out-of-my-mouth-with-a-
i promised my parents i would come home after my teammate and i finished our project this friday. little did i know that we would be working from 3:30pm-2am (with an hour break) after we were done, i left for home straight from the lab since it's only an hour and a half drive. i chugged some old coffee i brought in a thermos and began my drive.halfway home, my hands and feet start getting numb and my stomach starts feeling weird. i quickly unscrew the cap just in time to spit up 16oz of bile. yuummm.
i was academically dismissed from college and have pretty much been a fuck up mt entire life. tonight i had a couple of friends over and my one friend brought a hookah pipe, so i said to him i don't care if you smoke it just don't do it in the house. so i go up stairs (we were in my basement) to put away some stuff and i come back down and there's a bunch of the hookah molasses on a paper towel on the floor so i yell at my friend and tell him to clean it up. while we are cleaning it up my mom comes downstairs and gets pissy about it. the molasses is clean (not that there
One of the guys i work with has a habit of making very sexual jokes all the time. Anything you say can and will be turned into something sexual. Out of nowhere he says to me  "my great grandpa was hung when he was 8 years old " and i, thinking he was making a really weird grandpa dick joke, smiled and let out an awkward courtesy  "haa "
next time i'll read the packaging before i attempt to cook it. Next time, i'll look at the label before I attempt to make it. I'll also make sure to read the recipe before I cook it, too.
i am quite exhausted, and when i get tired i get curious. so, using my free hand, i flipped the switch to open it. a small platform slowly lowered in front of me -  a baby changing area right above the toilet! neat!  when i pushed it back up, that's when i realized the baby changing station automatically lowered the toilet seat lid, thus causing me to urinate all over the lid, the wall, and the floor around it. teaches me to be curious while peeing.
i'm a little preoccupied at the moment with my grandfather's impending death my grandmother's complicated and emotionally-laden will, and missing the job that i love for three days of family stress. i love my 3ds xl, i carry it with me everywhere so naturally i put it in the seat-pocket in front of me. and that's where it might still be.
i have had my license for a whopping 5 months now. we've been parking both cars in the garage for a week now. last night i pulled in straight. this morning i went to back out straight, and hit my mirror on the garage door frame. luckily i have a sense of humor about things, more so than my husband.
i have a habit of putting the word 'face' into sentences, just as a quirky way of speaking. for example, offering someone a biscuit might take the form of 'biscuit for your face?' or 'tea-face?' so when i went to offer my very obviously black co-worker a coffee...
 rip papa...   u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0  u00a0:(:(:(,):(:():(:() " rip papas " is a term used to refer to men who have sex with women.  "Rip papa " refers to a man who has sex with a woman.  "Papas " means  "partner " or  "part of a relationship "
 "i wanted to vomit and not even touch the mess. i had to hold my breath and use about 3/4 of a roll of toilet paper just to clean this mess up "  "i rue the moment i have to see bob again, i might vomit "
i was driving home from raleigh (about a 57 mile drive) at around 1 in the morning, not feeling tired but having hung out with some of my friends and having had tons of fun. When i started feeling drowsy, it's okay i got this, i was only 3 miles from my house, i thought i could manage it. But i somehow managed to fall asleep without knowing it and manage to hit 2 trees and an old barn, while falling into an 8 foot deep gulley.
My fiance gave me one of the greatest orgasms in my life. As i finish and get up to do my womanly duty and finish him, i hear  "what is that? " i turn around to see a couple brown smudges glaring up at me from our black sheets. i'm almost crying when i go upstairs to the bathroom and clean myself off.
i am so stupid. why can't i just learn to say no to people who want to take advantage of me? i am so so stupid, i could have done something better. i am sorry. i'm so sorry. I'm so so sorry for what i've done. i just want to say sorry.
i assumed it was a bad break in her forearm, the type that needs pins to set the bone. that's when she moves and i realize that it's actually a prosthetic forearm and hand. awkward. it didn't help that after we left my friend was unable to stop laughing over it.
i feel like the biggest asshole for cutting you off. i'm sorry! i turned anyways. someone was driving on the other side of the road and i turned anyway. i feel like an idiot. i was driving the wrong way on the wrong side of a road. i felt like an ass.
i was making jambalaya for dinner and things were going well until i realized that the spice factor needed to be kicked up another notch. while browning some italian sausage i decided to toss some dried red chilies in while the meat was cooking. i finished up my dinner and figured i would browse reddit while the food was resting. i found an interesting article and started reading and twirling my mustache, when suddenly, my lip and nose start burning with a fury of a thousand suns!! the burn was short and when it subsided i felt like a real idiot. needless to say i will definitely wash my hands better next time.
My brother asked me if i can take him to walmart so he can buy the new album. we get there and head straight to the back. i pick up the first copy that says  "the marshall mathers lp 2 deluxe edition " keep in mind that im not very into music so i didn't realize that the album had to say explicit on it for it to be the  "normal version " we get home and about 20 minutes later he says  "this is the clean version " in a sad and dissapointed tone.
 "I got a flat tire about a mile from his house and walked the entire way there with my bike and 50lb back pack "  "My heart literally stopped... he ushered me into his closet and somehow managed to fix my bike without his parents seeing "  "After almost an hour of being in that closet having a heart attack that his parents were going to walk in he helped me out his window and directed me to my bike "
 "i met this kid on there who said he was 18, gave his birthday (and he was18 and 1/2 according to that), and after talking to him for about 3 weeks, decided to meet up with him to fuck. 2 cops roll up. they ask for id's (of course he doesn't have one). i give them mine. he gave them his name, address, phone number, etc, and they look up his info. turns out, he lied about his age on the app, and he was only 17. i'm 24. that's outside of my states  "4 year rule "
Last night i went out with an old school friend to see a band play. i knew a good few ppl there including this incredible girl that i have been flirting  and swapping clothing with for some time. we move from watering hole to watering hole progressively getting more inebriated. i am pretty steaming at this point and really just want to get some  "moisture ". i start making danger zone jokes and it worked a little to well. we end up pulling in the middle of the bar.
After a long...long run i got some chafe rashes so i decided to take a bath, afterwards they were still pretty sore so i went into the cabinet and found a little packet of e-z-wipes for cleaning your hands after a meal. being the idiot i am i wiped my thighs and crotch. it burns so bad.
The mayor of toronto has been accused of smoking crack. The mayor's apology to the masses is being played over and over.  "i can't believe he smoked crack. he's way too fat to be a crackhead, " says the receptionist at the vet clinic.  "oh, um, i totally think you could be a Crackhead. you're not that big "
i had the answer right there, on the left. i decided it looked ugly so i rewrote it just before i turned in the exam. except i didn't copy my own answer correctly. i was going over the exam over my head after coming home, and i realized what i did. the moment of sheer bewilderment and horror is awful.
i have no idea what i did. our clock didn't set itself, i pressed two buttons, and suddenly...the future. the time now reads 1300 hrs...on dec 25, 2079. i don't even know what time it is. it's daylight savings time.
This has to be the most awkward experience i have experienced in a long time. unbeknownst to me, there was a girl with semi-large tits speed walking to the door (i was facing the other way). swinging my hands back, unknowingly that the girl was coming, i accidentally grabbed a handful of her left tit.
i was working at a high end investments firm as a new analyst for a month. i applied/got the job using this middle name (it didn't matter at the time) one week later after my brother got into this trouble, two guys in suits come up to my cubicle, and ask me my full name. i say yeah, that's me but i go by  "middle name ". can you come with us please? my boss asks what the hell is going on and the immigration guys tell him i am illegally staying in the us and i will face jail time for using a fake identification. i went out kicking and screaming and was stuck in jail for one day until my friend comes
i was growing it for movember and it was not a pretty sight, to say the least. getting a buzz cut just added insult to injury. i start rambling on about how i looked like a stalker and a rapist because of how a girl who was in the lift with me alone the day before was staring at me. my economics teacher was standing right behind me, giving me the 'what the fuck is this guy doing?' look.
A man at a hardware store took off his work shirt before reaching his locker. The incident happened in front of a group of male coworkers as well as a bunch of customers.  "hope you enjoyed the show boys, " the man said to the group.  "i don't think they all processed exactly what they had just seen ""}]