i don't multitask very well, so i forgot one of the most important things to do before pooping . i think the best part was when i realised and told my mate who just freaked out because i was talking to him on the john! The best part is when i realise .
i grew up in germany where i was very active in a club dedicated to teaching incoming 5th graders about discrimination, anti-semitism, hitler, the third reich and that whole spiel . A kid with a boyish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in gernaria, was confused . After the movie, when we walked down to where the poster presentation took place i apologised to sandra (name changed) throughout the day i heard lots of whispers about sandra .
i tend to leave half-drank beers in my garage. Usually no more than a day old, often i'll end up finishing them off the next day . Last night there was a millipede outbreak. burned my mouth, firehosing it all over myself, the walls, and the ground didn't help matters much .
After her mom died from cancer last year, i started looking for my estranged father . After meeting him in person, he was ecstatic and told her he had been a horrible alcoholic and that he didn't pursue custody of me because he felt himself to be selfish and unstable . When i spent a couple of nights at his trailer, he kept coming in to my room to check on me while i was sleeping .
The 25-year-old is 25 and currently at his peak on many levels . You still live at home though, saving all your money and have been doing that for years . When a year ago, an opportunity presents itself, you can\u2019t miss it. The opportunity is exactly what you\u2019ve been waiting for, and it\u2019s a once in a life-time thing .
veet hair removal gel used to trim the ol' danglies in need of a trim . But it did great at taking the hair off it, but decided to take the first layer of skin too . After scraping that stuff off, top half all good, no pain or anything . But, the dangly were what was burning .
Some scum have no shame.com: \"some scum.com has no shame\" i gave him $10 for his lunch in line at kfc.com.com . He walked out of the restaurant and walked across the street to a liquor store across the road to the liquor store .
i can handle sun - even have a tan - in places that are usually exposed - but not in others . i discovered within about fifteen minutes of getting in the water that it wasn't comfortable to wear it . Several hours later, as i flexed, and realized the pain that began to spread across my shoulders .
kat, if you're reading this, i just wanna play some xbox with you cus you seem cool as shit . i was going through the ingame friends list today and looked at her profile, only to accidentally push the invite to game button . Now i seem really creepy/annoying.
i've been on a diy-pinterest-tumblr-let's-make-my-own-shit-and-be-fancy spree . The other day i took a 'detox bath' (fyi did nothing for me guys) The first five minutes went really well.. and then the cold started .
A few of my printer ink cartridges are critically low, and have been for quite a while . My parents usually go shopping at costco each weekend, and are usually already gone by the time i wake up . This week, i got the cartridges out and packed up and laid them in a visible spot last night .
i was at a park that had a festival going on to support cyclists, i was by myself looking for a place to smoke from my dugout . i swiped twice at the branch as i sat, it was cutting but not enough so the branch was just getting stuck to me . The blade went in half an inch into my kneecap .
After finally moving into a house with a bath, i decided to have a bath . After a while i looked up and realised i could barely even see the taps in front of the taps . All i could see was black for what felt like 5 minutes, my heart was pounding and i could feel the blood rushing past my ears .
i hit cancel when adding over an entire new album worth of pics and figured it wouldn't download any of them.. dead wrong. It downloaded so many pictures. they have been up for like two days now. Some were nsfw party pics that i wouldn't even let myself be tagged in, and pics of this guy i used to talk to that were shirtless .
While going down on her, i got a tickle in the back of my throat (possibly a hair, i coughed, in a big way . i blew a raspberry into her pussy . She was bewildered, i was trying to apologize, but was in the midst of a coughing fit .
A cable company came in while most us were gone for a few days . One of my roommates, lets call him sam, left a note in his room with an arrow pointing to where he wanted his cable outlet . i drew a penis with the cable company's name on the back . A few days later, sam's parents came in and thought it was real .
This morning i woke up, and needed to piss . Under the toilet lid, some spindly 8-legged arachnid was right their chilling on his web . The sink cracked while i was mid-urination . At least i got to piss spider-free .
i met up with my girlfriend at a spot in some sorta wood type thing near some nice houses . The spot we went to seemed nice and lonely for the both of us to hang out . We were having sex peacefully until we heard workers were just a few feet away . When i saw the landscapers and they were looking our way .
Things got heated a couple days ago at work, and i was in the middle of it . The head counselor yelled at me pretty bad for something that wasn't my fault . She was forced to apologize to me and in front of everyone . Today at work i told on them to my boss so i could quit early .
French fries have been blanched, frozen, bagged, and then put in freezer . When microwaved fries, i was poking around the fries when my finger squishes into a really soft one, right into the hell-fire center, where broiling hot potato smushes under my finger nail, i jump back in shock and flail around my hand .
After hanging out with a friend of mine, we decide to visit another friend at her house . When i get out, lo and behold i'm stuck . Turn out i snapped a 3 inch pvc pipe (i guess for drainage) and it was now lodged in front of my right front tire .
Student sports package guarantees you seats so i can watch him in the band this year . The last day you could buy one was ten days ago . It's his last year in the marching band, i'm really kicking myself . Back to Mail Online, Back to the page you came from .
my dad was recently cheated on by his wife and so i greeted him this morning with a nice cup of coffee and a question of how did his dick taste? My dad's dad was cheating on his wife, so he greeted him with a coffee and how did he taste his penis taste?
i was at the local county fair in the lovely county of adams in Wisconsin . Later in the afternoon, i found myself in the rabbit, chicken, duck, goose and dairy barn . When i reached down to scratch her, she had her hand squished in between her head/head bump and the wooden fence post in the barn .
After a long day at work, i decided that it's been a while since i've had a good fap . Wife wanted to check her fb account and so she popped on the computer, opened up chrome, and came face to face with my vids . She called me over and asked who was the person who last used the computer . She said it was my 14 year old son, and i feel guilty knowing that my wife thinks my son is into bukkake .
The seal was born at the new england aquarium . My mom walks in, sees me, pants off, seal on the screen, junk out, all done . i look up, made eye contact, my mom just staggered out of the room and went out somewhere .
'i'm looking to be in the best shape of my life come wedding day!' He started working out about 6 months ago and again on our honeymoon . \"i'm on track to being the most muscly i've ever been, i should peak around honeymoon time!\"
i was sitting in the cafeteria at my college when i felt a particularly big cough coming on . It was a very effective cough, and apparently too effective, because instantly i realized i had shat my pants . After spending so much time reading about people who shat them selves, you start to wonder what it feels like .
i saw 3 pairs of eyes floating towards me like something out of my worst nightmare . As a result i decided to smash my face off the floor, i fell over to the floor . i had to wrap up my foot up in some cable and then smashed my face with 3 cats .
i am currently working at a temp agency until my full-time job landscaping can start . i decided i'd stay up since i had slept until 1:30pm yesterday . Now i have to register with another temp agency, and find a new place to live since my parents are kicking me out of the house .
i was getting settled in, but little did i know the small decorative holes in the back of the chair had caught the bottom part of my belt loop . i shifted my weight around, but felt a tear, and it had ripped at the bottom seam and created a hole in my pants .
A few days ago when i went to jump off a friend's battery, i noticed that the terminals of mine were corroded and needed cleaning badly . But i decided this morning that i'd do it because it was a nice morning and hey, all i needed were a few tools and a can of coke . When i tried to crank the car, no click...nothing! there wasn't even that much coke in there, but apparently it was enough to kill my battery .
i'm a junior in high school and my \"friend\" takes my phone back and as a joke i search up some terms like porn, kinky porn and even more porn . He practically shows the entire classroom including the teacher . i doubt most people knew it was a joke, so i just try to play along and make sure to laugh .
The toilet is broken and we have to manually fill it up . So i had to take a dump soooo bad so i waited til he was sleeping, and i grabbed the giant shit . It literally felt like a subway six inch that had been filled with too much meat . The next best thing was to throw it down the rain water drain .
A friend who happens to be a girl is in the same slot as me . The next thing i hear in a dead silent hallway is a faint thump. i turn around and she's on the floor, passed out . i tried to make her sit and rest but she insisted in goin to class . i ended up in the nurses office soon after because i fainted from all the running .
When i thought i came i actually peed in her mouth, no shit . Never spoke to her since and sometimes when i see her mother, she gives me this weird look . Sometimes when i sees her mother gives me a weird look. i don't know if she knows...
i noticed my ex had posted a couple of pictures and decided to have a quick look at her . As i was about to finish i realized i hadn't gotten any toilet paper and wasn't wearing any socks so i had no other choice than to let loose on the carpet . 10 minutes later, my dad walks in and immediately asked \"what the fuck is this\". To this day, i am still unsure if he knew what is was .
my boss had a stroke . While explaining his status i had my ear buds in and was laughing hysterically like a hyena . While a coworker was explaining his illness i had his ear buds into and was . laughing hysterously like a . hyena at adviceanimals.com .
So, i was masturbating, and had a giant orgasm that made me clench m teeth really hard . The tooth felt weird, and apparently, i chipped it . Now it hurts and my tooth is crooked. what the hell is wrong with me. What's wrong to me?
i ripped the shirt around the chest area about good 3~4 inches . The shirt was my only light purple color shirt . In a process of it this morning, i ripped it around 3-4 inches of chest area . ugh it was my light purple shirt. ugh .
i feel like there has been an influx of \"this happened x amount of time ago but anyway....\" type post . While these stories can be interesting it's not something that you did today or hell even in the past couple weeks . Personally, i enjoy this subreddit because it allows users to talk about a bad situation .
The song comes on my sister starts singing it and of course, me the idiot would be the one to say \"thats what your mom said last night' she immediatley smacked me and the mouth and pretended nothing even happened . This happened this last weekend when my car is at the shop .
Every day i drive to a park and ride, which is about 2 miles away from my place . Not three steps down the stairs i felt a wet juicy fart coming on...i let it out slowly because i haven't been feeling great lately . It wasn't just a fart it was diarrhea . The only good news was that when i got to work, my underwear wasn't too badly stained .
i peed right through the gap and into my pajama pants . That hasnt happened since i was in grade school . i would've gotten mad if i was so tired, i was not so tired. i would have gotten mad. If you were so tired i wasnt so tired .
The girl in her class and i have developed a great connection . There seems to have been a number of signals, her calling things \"our song,\" texts for no reason, etc... The only problem was that i felt it inapropriate to make my move while that was still the case .
The knee cap was levitating in midair, five centimetres to the right of my leg . Paramedics tried to put it back in place without painkillers . After a number of very unladylike expletives and yelling/screaming, people noticed that my knee cap had attempted to escape my leg and called an ambulance .
i read tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam . Today i got caught up with reading tifi while i was explaining his exam and how we're going to be doing at their exam. today i made a mistake. Today i made it clear that i made the mistake by reading tIFu .
i was at my girl's house today and her parents left to go watch a game . So i decided to move in and start putting my hand down in her pants, i finger her and she starts moaning . As she was moaning i looked around and i saw her brother pass by me, i stare at him for a quick second .
'dirty sex toys were found, and i have to be out by the end of the month' dirty sex toys found . Dirty sex toys have been found in the toy industry . i've been told to be ready for a month to be released by end of month .
When i was in grade 6 or 7, it was having a remembrance day assembly . The assembly was typical - poems, a couple videos, poems, videos, etc, and then one of the younger grades had a song that they were going to perform . Meanwhile, i'm sitting on the floor with the rest of my class and i can feel a fart building up .
i brought my laptop to school to hook up to one of the extra hard drives . Put the installation disc in and format the whole hard drive without backing up . Lost all my videos, half finished projects, notes and school work . Back to Mail Online home . Back up to the page you came from .
The pen did smell like ass, but i thought all black sharpies smell like . besides, if someone was gonna stick a sharpie in their butt, wouldn't they throw it in the trash instead of just out the window? Besides, if you were gonna stick it in your butt?
Me and my girlfriend were laying in my bed at my parents house relaxing (long distance relationship) and naturally we start fooling around . Right as she has my steve johnson in her hand and getting close, in barges my step-mom with papers to sign for school . There we were... pants undone and my little-big man 2 inches from my girlfriends face .
i didn't notice until i put the first mouthful in my mouth . Won't do it again though, as it was a ridiculous amount of juice . Finished my breakfast as it is, no complaints, but won't do this again though . No complaints. won't make it again .
A woman dropped something small and i decided to help a sista out and pick it up for her . As i was bending over, i heard her say, \"no, you don't have to do that.\" thinking she was just trying to be polite and not save me from any impending fuckup-ery, i placed my hand upon the fallen object .
i end up swallowing a gulp of week old bong water (daily smoker too) shocked is an understatement...i did everything i could to stay calm and not think about what just happened . Immediately run while gagging to the closest thing i could eat to mask this huge mistake and grab a jar of mustard .
The relationship had met online and hadn't met yet . This morning, i couldn't hold back some of my worries, and among other things, i mentioned how he wants to live in an entirely different country and how i would not . i got fed up with his ad hominem attacks on me and on people who live out there, and deleted him from all of our sources of communication .
A family has contacted me to paint a portrait of their grandmother who is dying . As soon as i clicked \"send\" my stomach flipped. i've never wanted an email to come back more. i hope they don't take it the wrong way because it really was a normal question to ask .
Mark and emily are still going strong . This was all thanks to one redditor, (i cant remember his name) he was the one that gave me courage to ask her out . For that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness. thank you .
i showed my mom my tumblr blog today . After seeing my blog she wanted to make her own . After hearing her say that, i realized. oh my goodness, my mom will be able to see my blog and all the pictures of half naked men in that past few months .
The professor gave us an assignment where we have to make something from nothing . The assignment was to build a boat, hot gluing a block of styrofoam to a fan fan . Before we began work on them, i took the speaker with the intact audio output . plugged it into my phone, hooked up the speaker to an oscillator, kicked it up to five volts, and started playing a song .
i took a wee wee and got some piss dribbles on me hands . When i went to wash my hands i forgot about those droplets and i forgot bout those urine droplets . Weeeeeee weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. WeeeeeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEEEEE .
My little sister thinks i tried to seduce her boyfriend because he told her he rejected me . Now i think im ugly and damaged goods . My boyfriends a porn addcit who is probably going to dump me soon . Dark thoughts are crowding my head and i think about killing myself a lot .
This i've liked for a while tells me she likes me, and she wants to text me over break . Usually, i didn't have my sketchbook, but left it in my locker all day . When the time came to go, i talked to her on the bus like always . She even asks me if i had it, and, being a dumbass, says \"uh, yeah\"
i'm lactose intolerant and coffee usually upsets my stomach . So i decided i should go to starbucks but inner me decides, \"hey! lets get a frappucino!\" So i order it and drink it, shockingly for the first time in a while it didnt upset my stomach. So i squeeze my ass cheeks together and semi waddle to my car .
i have my phone set to back up all of my texts and upload them to my dropbox account . The first text he sees is the beginning of a sexting from my brother's . He didn't read the whole thing, but now knows about my sex life in detail .
i dropped my phone, cracking the inner screen, and in addition, there was a break in the motherboard of the phone . A few days prior to this, i've been working on my computer, because it wouldn't boot into bios properly, and i threw my phone in a fit of rage .
my cat likes to sit on my toilet as i'm showering . The cat jumps at my shower curtains, startling me, and in the process, i nick my dick . Fortunately, it was a small nick, bled a little and stung like a bitch .
\"bitches\" of bitches, man. bitches,\" he says . \"bitbitches, bitches\" were born in June, 2008, and are now in the U.S. They're all over the world, and have a long history of drug use.com .
i was watching my little cousin fiddling around on my moms ipad, just playing games and the usual until he stumbled across bachelor party photos . Thank god this wasn't my mom's bachelor party, it was actually a distant aunt's . Some of the following: balloons shaped like dicks, distant aunt sucking a dildo, pretending dido is her penis while another person suck it .
i got pretty drunk, went to a club and had a great night . Being pretty drunk i stumbled, and my leg went straight down onto a pointy rock . It was really sore so i rolled his jeans up and seen a massive bloody hole in my leg . The next morning i went to the hospital and they stitched it up .
After a few drinks and a blunt (we are both ents), my boyfriend and i decided to \"do the dirty\" since its been a few days . When i felt a fart rumbling through, it was more than a fart . After telling him a few times to slow down because it hurt, he switched back to vaginal intercourse from behind .
i swallowed a prozac capsule with some water and things seemed fine . About 10 minutes later, i burped and what looked like *smoke* puffed out of my mouth . The powder was very acidic and gave me a sore throat made me queasy for awhile .
The intent was for the tablet to be, primarily for streaming porn to private parts of the house where i could enjoy it and not be creepy with porn in the living room . At practice last night i handed her my tablet so she could look up sheet music for a piece we're working on . She didn't say anything, just opened a new tab and pulled up a tab and handed it back to me when we were done .
The manager who is a good friend tells the (hot)waitress that she owes me a hug and a kiss . i thought that it would be really heavy if she filled it up all the way so i decided i decided to dump it out for her before she finished, making it lighter .
i was going downstairs about 2 hours ago to get something to eat and possibly to drink . While downstairs i notice my mother eating a salad, and at that moment she looks up at me and gasps that she needs help . So i do what i think the fucking fucking heimlich maneuver is, which wasnt pretty at all, and fail horribly and start yelling for her to breathe . Then my wife comes down the stairs and she starts freaking out and calls the ambulance . The squad showed up and they asked questions like her name and other questions before packing her up in the gurney and rolling out to the hospital .
The first cases of my fuck-up was that mosquitoes still stang me. Well, i thought about applying mosquito repellent on my skin to not to be distracted by stings . After roughly 15 minutes the burning started to burn even worse - it was like i jumped into nettle and started to roll all over it . Cold air stops the burning a little .
Using my spare-throwaway account for this account, using my spare throwaway account . As i was drinking some milk, my little sister comes up to me and says \"give me some milk\" She got really pissed off, walked into the kitchen and grabbed a bowl and smashed it on the floor . i said \"what the hell did you do that for?!\"
i'm surviving by the skin of my teeth and it's a rough go but not as rough as the brothers and sisters i see living on the street . i picked it up, got into my car and immediately looked to see how much money was in it . i went into the store, found the guy and gave him his wallet back . In the end, i felt good doing what's right .
So i decided to get a late night snack in the dark, so i grabbed a hotdog bun from the package . When i realized, 95% done with it, that it feels a little stale, there was some mold on it . Aside from the mental disgust of eating moldy bread, i am otherwise unharmed .
i forgot to get my mother a gift on mothers day and i though it would be fine . What i did forget to also do is even say happy mothers day to her . Now my mom's upset thinking that i don't like her . It may sound like i'm rambling on a bit but damn tifu.
i woke up around 10, and as i walk out my room, i stretch and whack my left elbow against the door frame . Immediately i regret this as my left arm gives out completely, and i go flying down the stairs and landed on top of freya, as well as smacking my head .
So i got shitface drunk last might. so i decided to stop in an alley and take a piss . The flash on my camera wasn't working and i stood there for about 20 minutes . Eventually gave up and decided to head hom when i realised there's a man standing there watching me .
i forgot, the women's room is right next to the classroom . When i walked out, i saw a girl i know about to walk in, i just muttered \"wrong bathroom\" and quickly walked to the men's. Men's room across the hall . In defense, a couple floors below the one where i'd had classes all last year on that floor .
It was a cold wed Wednesday morning, meaning late start at high school, so i have extra time to do whatever in the morning if i don't sleep in . Instead of looking for a tissue or receipt or something related, my dumbass rolls down the window and spits. The window is still down, rain flooding me and the inside of the vehicle .
A few years ago, i was working at a fast food restaurant working the grill . In my blatant ignorance i said \"i hope you burn yourself\" The mistake i made quickly pours over me, but before i have time to correct myself and apologize she replies with \"i already have\"
The card however did not want to come out and so i had to get a member of staff to help me out . The machine was out of order for a while as the paper had been chewed up inside the machine . i went to a different atm and got my money out .
This morning i walked into my school all happy and shit and saw my ex,sitting by the wall . There, of couse, was a teacher right behind me...the teacher gave me a warning and walked away . The same teacher was behind me and said sarcasticaly \"oh my god you're such a .
After pleading with his girlfriend i was able to convince her to have special sexy times . Instead of going straight out and to her neck, it went up and it had this stunning arching angle that ended up landing right straight in the middle of her eye . This caused her eye to get extremely red and i couldn't stop laughing .
Electrician at a failing electrical company decided to let him have a easy/boring week of stripping the insulation of a bunch of cable . After 2-3 days of this the blade of my stanley knife was becoming rather blunt and was having to use more force than necessary . Suddenly something didn't feel quite right, just the sense something is 'missing'
After 2:30am, i reached down for a whiskey bottle, i didn't realize it was broken . Ended up with ten stitches in my ring finger on my right (dominant) hand . Still not sure if there's nerve damage...it's still pretty numb, which isn't a good sign .
Pog232 was picked up by coach at the start of the season . Coach's son had committed suicide, and it was a pretty big hit to the whole team . After practice, he went home, said he didn't feel good . The team were picking their numbers, but i was running out of time .
i bought new glasses a year ago and new lenses into my old frame at considerable cost, subsidized by insurance . i figured i wouldn't need vision care for at least another year, so i did not renew coverage Jan. 1. Now i have spots and other freaky things in my vision .
i'm from the midwest and i've never paid a toll that was higher than maybe $4 . Nothing in my years of interstate travel through middle america has prepared me for how much tolls are on the east coast . On the way home i paid $3 in tolls and shaved 2 hours off the trip by avoiding backed up metro traffic .
Once upon a time i stuck a needle into a syringe to use as a prop for a drawing . kept it in case i wanted to do something else with it . My mother comes upstairs to do laundry and i guess the prop syringe was on top of a pile... right next to the hamper .
i got the ping-pong ball, but also received a fractured growth plate in my forefinger . i had to wear a splint for a couple weeks . This happened a few years ago when a friend threw the ball and yelled, \"fetch!\" playing along, i ran after the ball .
An older man called for a tech support call center for a cable company for their tech support . He was an older man who didn't know how to navigate the new windows 8 operating system . The rest of the call was super awkward, and now i'm sure i have a phobia of old men calling me for technical support .
i was trimming around my ears with my beard trimmer that has an adjustable length attachment . It adjusted from #4 to #1 and now i look like just bieber.. i was . trimming . around his ears with his beard trimmers that has a . adjustable length length attachment, it adjusted from . #1 .
The money my parents gave me for college went away faster than usual, because i had to buy some groceries on my apartment that i didn't account for . By friday morning i had only enough money to return to my apartment and had to attend to some classes saturday morning, i give up and end up asking my parents to send me money . Luckily this is also the moment that my cousin (who was sent to give me the money his parents were sending) to the hospital .
reddit.com/flexiblesurvival.com has a lot of things i like in it . After masturbating late at night, i fell asleep after a really intense, really detailed sex scene on it . My mother was logged in to her account, which had said kinky detailed sex scenes on it involving her, a woman with six lactating breasts, with the body and face of an anthropomorphic dog, and a dick that could be called a third leg .
Halo 4 is a game of free for all and we get at it . The game was so intense that i kick the xbox over . It makes a weird humming noise and we wait like 10 seconds before unplugging it . i had to give him my copy, and shit, its scratched .
i thought it would be funny to rip a huge one before we leave to see if the smell would still stay in the truck until after the movie . i tried to force one out! and boom... a big ass shart!!! i had the most embarrassing face on, my friend and brother asked me what happened, and they were literally rofl .
The vehicle was parked at a walgreen's in Walgreen's . After buying raisins and smokes, i noticed a pillow on the passenger seat . The seat didn't feel right, the wheel didn't have the familiar hand groves worn into the faux leather cover .
The moderators apologize to the community of tifu, but more importantly to the poor souls who missed their fuck up opportunity due to the mods being busy . We will do our best to stay on top of one of the key components of our community . If you would be kind enough to give this an up vote so it can be seen by other readers, i would appreciate it .
i'm so lost right now. freaking out that this person has all my bank info, tax info,. i tried contacting gmail and yahoo about retrieving the email that fail. please help. Please help. please please please help, please help . Please help you with your bank and tax info.
Because my nails are super thick and i have scissors instead of clippers, i tend to forget clipping them every now and then, causing them to get super long and fragile . Because my only pair squeezes the hell out of my toes, i'm going to have to wear flip flops in fourty degree weather .
i believed, at the time, was a beautiful, yet intelligent woman i had been texting earlier that day . After she she says she has to walk home from a local fast food restaurant . The next day, we text back and forth, the usual winky face and the cliche flirtatious remark is made towards one another .
i'd been talking to merle allin for the past 3 months (the late gg allin's brother / guitarist for the murder junkies) and i completely offended him with a lame joke about him looking like dale gribble when he was younger . The weirdo added me and immediately this conversation happened .
i'm not big on taco bell because i never really like it . Fast forward to about 7 o'clock, i get a chicken, bacon and a chocolate shake . i'm doing everything i can to hold it in, but around 11:40 rolled around and i'm getting cramps in my abdomen, like knife stabbing .
i'm bi, and i'm more sexually attracted to men, but i have more of an emotional attraction to her . Instead of hitting play, i brought up my tumblr (where i have my porn) Suddenly, my screen is filled with bear (big hairy men, not the animal) cock .
When i dated her friend a while back, she didn't like it . She threw her burrito at him from over the counter . Best part: she's manager so she gets in trouble, so she doesn't get in trouble . The manager of the burrito throws it at me from over-counter .
The other car was tailgating when he was in front of him . The car got a nasty scratch and the driver that cut me off got off scot free . Fortunately, the guy driving it was cool and only wanted $50 for the broken mirror on his car . i got his information and got him to sign a non-formal contract saying that i paid for the mirror .
i used to go to the gym lots in high school, and it was a basic requirement . While i'm not fat, i'm definitely not in shape, and while i's not fat . So, i found a gym by my house, got a three month pass and went for my first workout .
\"i'd rather spend my money on weed than on an external storage device,\" says \"back up your motherfucking data. Why were these not backed up? Because i was too lazy to upload 3000+ lines of code per program stored in dozens of files to my google documents account . All my hours from my personal tutoring job and my public tutoring jobs are gone .
i work as sales in a manufacturing/distributing company that sells paper and plastic products . All the credit cards i've been using were stolen, and all the products are gone . thankfully the last shipment we sent out was a local storage warehouse and we claimed about 8k back .
i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from . One of my program choices is gone, animation, the application queue for the program is full and they're not accepting anymore . Should have just manned up and stood up for myself .
i've recently been fighting a case of the flu, but have luckily started to feel better over the past few days . Seeing that i've been eating some mild food, i had a hankering for something spicy . i ordered it all: some biriani, tikka, garlic naan, lentils; the works .
When i got home i vaguely remember swallowing two little blue pills that were on my bedside table next to a bottle of water . i've took them twice over the past week for some obvious bowel problems . They started working around the time i was to board my flight...
This past sunday i had asked if her sister was single and whatnot, i pretty much just asked that in general because i thought my sister and hers where not friends anymore . As i left she said in a joking way from what i could tell that she was going to tell her .
i let my bills pile up, forgetting to pay them until they got too big to pay off on my own . My parents received calls today about their credit going to shit now as well as their vehicle is co-signed by them, therefore they are on the line for everything as well .
The truck was a banks turbo diesel my dad uses to tow his construction equipment . Turned out the truck is ok, had to drain the gas tank and change all the gas filters . Update: After about 2 hours of awkward silence he started making fun of me then bought me a sandwich .
[very disappointed] at the end of the year . [Very disappointed] with the results of this year's decision to make it very difficult for fans to come forward . The video shows a lot of people disappointed with the release of the video . It was released from the U.S. in 2011 .
After work, i knew i had to drop a deuce, so i figured i'd hold it til after work to get me through the day . On the drive home, i decided to stop by my parents house to pick up some cat6 i had left over there . As i pull off the highway i start coughing, the cough takes me hard .
Headsooth is a chapstick like device which you apply to your forehead when you have a headache . No longer than 20 seconds later the slight tingling in my balls turned to a furious burning sensation . i run to the nearest sink and pull out my manhood and what do i see? my balls, shining like a beacon, red as a london bus .
i didn't see the cop just off the road . i managed to get that thing to almost 50 mph in about a block and a half . Good news is, only got 195 for 20 over, took my word on the insurance problem .also, don't hate too hard, first post on reddit...
a friend asked to see the girl was i was talking to. i copied the link to a bikini pic and sent it to her . i said it was \"weird\" and \"i could probably explain it if i looked at the code\" In hindsight, it's hilarious, but still rather embarrassing .
The entire gym is one big room, with mirrors around the perimeter, if you're in the gym, people can see you . The gym has a set of bolt cutters which she lent to me so i could go get my locker open in my underwear, holding a bolt cutter . After showering, i finished my shower, walked out and up to my locker .
After drinking the umpteenth glass i am out of wits and my buddies advise i should really go home . Change trains. vomit. vomit vomit. change trains. fall asleep. vomit . The next lecture starts in 4 hours. The next four hours starts in four hours .
i heard my boyfriend's voice say \"uh... mrsbbk?\" and i heard the little ding that it gives that tells you someone's joining the chat again . So i started searching for something else to put on, and started to shuffle through my closet in just my bra and leggings . In chat i apologized to the friend, saying that was awkward .
i was browsing reddit reddit, and noticed a familiar photo of me . i was surprised to see it and was having some feels about it . While i did some nude photography/modeling a few years ago, i don't particularly want seeing my friends, especially male friends, seeing me nude .
http://://://i.c.k.com/kqslddv.gif . http://.html.html/kqldd.v.com: http://www.kqs.org.uk.uk for all the latest in a long line of stories .
Prof. tifu while we were discussing totalitarian regimes and the documents that make up their dogmas . While i was fixing my fantasy football line up i noticed the team avatar of my friend was a picture of his opponent making out with the largest ham planet i have ever seen . At least i won my fantasy game .
i applied for the loan which is specifically designed for those wishing to study a masters degree . But i have now been told i was rejected from getting the loan because my credit rating is too low . Student finance and student accounts have no affect on your credit rating . This means i cannot fund, and therefore cannot study the masters which starts this week .
My boss was in a meeting all day so i let the horny-ness get the best of me . Just the seam of the pants touching there made me come . My 68-year old boss turned on by my masturbation/orgasm . He then went into the bathroom for a few minutes .
i'm not fond of spiders, not in the slightest, and my family immediately cast the responsibility of killing this behemoth to me . i put the broomstick up to the wall, start crushing it slowly, and yell \"die ni**a\" basically as loud as i could .
i tried to date him towards the end of our thing (~6 mos ago) and he skipped around it a lot, so i dropped him and started sleeping with someone else . After that happened, he decided he wanted to date me... but when he came this weekend, i ended up taking him home and we did the deed .
The lighter was found in the bottom of the machine as i was switching the load over . As i tried to replace the lint trap i knocked the previously found lighter in the hole and cursed loudly . My poor boyfriend had to pull the dryer out from the wall and take half the thing apart to find it .
This will be the most disgusting, embarrassing thing i will ever post . The entire room fell completely and utterly quite as the loudest noise came from my anus, followed by a river of soupy shit . The smell could knock out a god damn moose, but the damage is done .
My little brother asked me to replace in the batteries in one of his toys that he said wasn't working . When i took them out, i decided to wrap them in aluminum foil and put them in the fridge . The smell was the first thing i sensed was the odd smell to describe...kind of like burning but more electronic-ish? it's tough to describe .
i had never been sick from alcohol until the first night of zante . The third night, the third night of the trip, was where i really messed up . He vomited and vomited all over himself and the car outside the club . His friends paid for him to go to the vip lounge so he could sit down for maybe one or two minutes . Then he vomited some more over the car and the next day .
i had two exam finals and a paper final due tomorrow . The paper final was due today . The one time he will not take a late paper is the final exam . i've had him for two other classes and he won't take the one time that he will take the paper .
The setup starts on sunday, but i woke up around noon . i had bought and finished a bottle of grapefruit juice and decided to use the bottle and toss it in the trash later . So i forgot to throw it out and it sat there near my water bottle and my actual half-full bottle of juice i had had .
i'm a sophomore in high school, i had a friend over this weekend and we saw some wine . We decided to start taking shots of scotch after drinking like 5 glasses of wine each . i came to school hungover as a result of the weekend hangover .
Finished a three-hour final in 50 minutes . Enjoyed a nice 16 oz. bottle of iced coffee to wash down to the last drop . Finished the three hour final in a 50-minute period . Send toilet paper and pepto bismol to send toilet paper to toilet paper .
This morning, i woke up disoriented at 8:20, obviously having missed my alarm . i bolt out of bed in a split second, screw the coat and hat, gotta get my ass to class . i felt like i had just won the olympics and the boston marathon at once .
It was a small receipt but damn, it contained my tuition fee which my parents could only rely on . Now my parents cannot pay tuition fee, i also cannot have the exam tomorrow. hell maybe i could not even graduate from this shoddy high school. Thanks for the support!
This happened whilst i was still in highschool . During my senior year i lived with my grandmother to save money on petrol . My grandmother called her isp to dispute a huge bill that my penis had accrued . She decided to search through all of my folders, and found lots and lots of porn videos .
The 16-inch dildo fell out of use and i became accustomed to the sound of it rolling around in the trunk of my car . Eventually, i threw it in a messenger bag that remained in my car where i would bring it out only on special occasions . Until the day he dies, my father will know that his son, at one point in time, owned a sixteen inch black dildo .
Computer science final was in a lecture hall with chairs that have a little desk which swings up so i just leave my thermos on the floor to keep it out of the way . Luckily i reacted quickly to save my test from further damage i kicked away the thermos in a panic . After retrieving my damn cup i turned my test into the tas .
i took a girl i was dating to a party my coworker's boyfriend was throwing . The next morning, girl wanted nothing to do with me, ended it right there . The only one cool about it was j's boyfriend (who i'm really cool with), he helped me, got me and my girl a cab .
A few weeks ago i got a call from a particularly drunken and high z who wanted to do themselves in so i spent that night making sure they were okay . After that night, everything was perfectly fine until 3 weeks later when this sentence was said \"i will always appreciate you. you are one of the best people i know... i fucking hate you! you are a prick. i hope you die!\" and i hadn't even had a chance to respond to the first comment .
She was frollicking around with the other dog like a normal, happy puppy . Then she swiftly lifted her leg and pissed on the dog's nose . Luckily the owner of the dog was a chill dude, but i will most likely see him again because we live in the same apartment complex .
A couple months ago, i went on a 2nd date with a girl from okcupid. Instead she invites me over for dinner and it\u2019s going really good, but then, her roommate and his mom shows up and hang out and play board games . At 12:30am, we're all very tired and the roommate asks if i'm going to spend the night, (*awkward*) so, they set me up in the \"guest loft\" which is an alcove/cubby about 6 feet off the ground right next to this girl's room .
The girl i love & who loved me was in the midst of the toughest 2 years anyone has gone through . Despite doing everything i could think of to keep our relationship strong, she lost many of those feelings for me . She needed to rip off some band aids to take back control of her own life .
i was hoping to have a relaxing and fun week in a city where i am not from, it's gotten me quite upset . The bus kept getting closer and closer and i soon realized it was trying to turn right into the intersection in front of me . To my horror, it just kept going and crushed the left front side of my car .
My mate is a really good friend of mine . She hooked up with her in the laundry room . Don't have the guts to tell my mate. don't have to tell her mate. she was pretty drunk and at our party. She was pregnant as well. Don't know who she was at her house .
\"vaxu3un.com\" was written by the author of this article . The article was published in the U.S. was published on March 23, 2009 . It is the first time this article has been asked for comment on the story of a potential candidate for the story .
He ran up to me and said, \"hi my name is dave wig... wigg.. wuh wuh uh wuhuhuh... wiggers!\" he then began crying . He then began to cry. He then begins crying . Names changed because reddit reddit.com has changed .
i recently had to cut back on how much i was feeding my dog because he had put on a lot of weight over the winter . After less than 90 seconds later, the box was still on the counter, with the lid propped slightly up . At first i was confused, thinking that i had somehow misplaced my pizza, but then noticed a swipe of tomato sauce and philly steak on the floor .
Spillomanen's stepmom was making lunch with her stepmom . The elderflower soda was being forced out of the sodastream machine, spraying everything in a radius of 40cm . After releasing the bottle from machine, i realized i reversed the process of making this damn soda, then syrup .
i used the same USB stick to pass music and shows between my roommate and i. as it turns out, he changed the name of my usb stick on his mac, which for whatever reason wasn't visible on pc. Although i took all the files off, the name remained until my professor stumble upon it .
The sad part is i was not part of the group doing it. well i was, they are my friends from school, but i sat there and watched . Since i am freshly 18 it will be on my record for ever and i will most likely lose jobs because i technically have a record .
Yesterday, i was late to the bus stop . The driver confused another mom for me & left my 5-year-old with a total stranger . If he realized i wasn't there they would have taken him to the barn . Now i'm there 30 minutes before the bus is expected & the other parents start showing up .
i go to piss, leave the bathroom door open and yo-yo gets curious . The cat freaks out and spasm causing it to fall in to the toilet with the toilet seat down . i lift the lid, grab this soaked cat and just launch it out of the bathroom .
A few months ago i was at my girlfriends house and we went into the garage to get something to drink while we watched netflix . While we were in there she was being frisky then started giving me a blowjob when we heard her mom out in the kitchen . Unbeknownst to me, her mom was in the part of the kitchen and could see me .
i woke up when my man left the bed, still didn't get out . At about 11:40, i got roused out of half sleep by something . A big bloody period glob escaped my nightly protection and landed on my leg . The blood mess decided to seep into the mattress cover (thank god not onto the bed itself!)
i was at a week long conference in birmingham, al beginning last saturday . When i got to the airport, i realized i misplaced my passport card . It took them a while to process my lost item, let alone do anything to find it . Luckily, i booked my ticket one day in advance in anticipation of travel problems .
i'm a children's librarian in a small town where everyone seems to know each other . One day during a lull we start talking about our families . She starts talking about her brothers and how they don't get along . She responds with \"3 years ago my dad gave up on life\"
The project manager tries really hard to be personable but it always blows up in his face . The bridge reports that mr. frenchlastname has left the call (his phone disconnected) Half the bridge laughed uncomfortably . The rest i assume were moritified (silent) or not paying attention .
\"thanks guys where going out now and i have learned from my mistakes\" thanks guys where where going to go out now . Thanks guys where . where where where . going out, i have . learned to . learn from his mistakes : : \"Thanks to my mistakes,\" he says .
When the night came to an end i was too drunk to stop someone else from driving home drunk . Luckily security forces stopped them from getting too far before they got too far . The only course of action that can save you from getting lit up is calling the police if you absolutely can not get them to wait for another ride .
7 cars sped out of the parking lot in formation . When we parked, we saw them all get out and they were only a large latino family . The anticipation was unreal . The biggest disappointment ever. My friends and i were in a car at a local park tonight .
i was delivering a pc to be setup at a local office, it was a rush job as the order only came through the company yesterday and had to be there today . 30mins later i find out the customer can't take the computer today, and had no idea that i would be showing up .
\"blue balls\" are harmless and caused by arousal without ejaculation . When i got home, the pain still hadn't gotten any better and it was too bad to go to the hospital . The doctor said he had an inflammation on his left testicle . He told him voltaren and a mild antibiotic .
i was snapchatting a good friend, who is a female, who was with another female, sent a very attractive snapchat of them both . Little did i know that it sends a notification when you screenshot it . i showed them that i didn't save it (because i kind of felt like a pervert doing it anyway)
Since i was about 10, i've had really bad acne and ultra sensitive skin . My parents decided i should get epiduo prescription medication for my face . After about 20 minutes of being in the sun, i started to notice my skin feeling a little tight and dry, but i brushed it off because that sometimes happens with new medication . By the time my golf lesson was over, it felt like satan was taking a shit on my face.
My boyfriend, \"j\", lives in an apartment with a currently unemployed roommate, \"w\", gets money from his parents to pay rent/bills so he hardly ever leaves . About 15 minutes into our romp, i thought i heard a noise but just figured it was either the upstairs neighbor or someone doing something outside . turns out he only went over there for maybe 5 minutes before coming back and laying in bed, facing the mirror .
After dinner, i went to a local park, i heard my stomach grumble and thought nothing of it . halfway halfway through the second lap however, it started . A minute later, it was climbing down to my knee... i managed to find some bushes and dispose of the rest .
i met a girl at a concert and i could tell she liked me so i got her number . Last night, i invited her out for drinks and she says she would love to when she gets off work at midnight . Instead of drinking alone, i decided to go back to my apt and eat a snack, and pass out immediately after .
i work in a manufacturing plant and today my job was to run parts out of our automatic press . Well i loaded a coil of stock onto the feeder . The coil shifted and turned into [this]( http://i.imgur.com/r1z6ssf.jpg). Now i have to rewind the coil... by hand .
\"hey little brother, do you mind staying at my place a couple days and taking care of the pets?\" \"haha, it does favor that doesn't favor that,\" she says . After a night of passionate nosex, the gf make a joke about the 'bullet' on her dresser .
i decided to snap a pic of myself to send to the gf and also as a general progress pic . As i opened the picture, i pressed this one button which i assumed was the \"share\" button . Once clicked, nothing happened, so i shrugged it off . She starts asking me what i was doing in the bathroom, and why there's a naked selfie of me currently on their 48\" tv .
i'm dating a man 8 years my senior who doesn't share my faith background . The fact that i have sex with him that's probably their second biggest beef with this arrangement . i've been denied every time because they don't trust that i'm not running to his place for the night .
\"i'm gonna have to go eventually,\" says a 28-year-old female . She was camping in idaho, but her biggest fear is what happened . After a few days of 100 degrees, i decided to go to the river and hang out, play with the dogs, whatever before we left .
i got my underage cousin so drunk that he got caught by the cops at the fair and he went to the hospital for alcohol intoxication very severe . Now i have to comfront the whole family about the situation, including his angry parents . p.s, it seems i might have to pay his hospital bills and might get a ticket for providing alcohol to a minor .
i'm out with a couple of friends and we go to the yogo place down the block. Not even 30 seconds after sitting down my phone goes off. It was my mom, calling me to pick up some tampons (why?) while i was out. That got a pretty good laugh out of everyone, and it was probably the most embarrassing time i had with this group .
When i took my tampon out i accidentally dropped in the toilet, i dropped it in the u-bend . When flushing it again, the toilet didn't flush everything, and it wouldn't flush . The shift manager called a plumber and started chuckling . The plumber came and fixed it .
i noticed that the toilet was dirty and i was not going to sit on that . So i took a clorox wipe and wiped it off real good then proceeded with my business . That's when i had to wipe my butt with toilet paper then wiped my butt .
i was watching [this music video] with my mother when i shouted \"oh it's him!\" feeling overwhelmed with joy in my natural ability to recognize celebrities . \"Mom i saw him in one of those parody movies,\" \"no no no no, he's from **wrestling** or something\".
i'm pretty much a closeted trans*, and i won a raffle for a binder . My hotmail name is jesus hose, and my dad has no idea that the sender would right that down as that name . Since my mom hates people knocking on our door, she put a sign up and took it to the post office instead .
At work, i brought in a portable music speaker that i can set up wherever i'm working . This was in the morning, and everything went fine, until after lunch . The hall i was working in doesn't have a restroom, and the nearest one is right around the hall corner . i fumbled around with the speakers, grabbed my ipod .
My best friend and i have known each other for 16 years and tell each other everything . A month ago, z starts txting me. pics are exchanged and we agree to hang out . C finds out and starts calling both of us multiple times a day just bitching us out .
i have lost a tiny diamond on my wedding band and have no way to replace it . Due to financial strain i kept putting it off . Now i am too nervous to wear either my band or my engagement ring but we can't afford to fix them . i feel like i let my husband down .
16-year-old girl was home alone when her uncle came down the stairs . \"when you're good to mama\" is very sudctive if sang/danced right . i put my leg up on the closed toilet seat and having a little sexy time in the mirror to see what i look like if i ever get a boyfriend .
When i was about eight i was at a party in my neighborhood when my stomach started to act up . After straining to push something out for a good 5 minuets, my face explodes with vomit . i end up soaking a rug in my bathroom and covering the floor with my puke .
i was sick with the flu or something, i had been home sick for a good week . What happened next, was pretty much one of the dumbest things i have done, i go to the bathroom to puke . Ended up shitting into my pajama pants right there on the floor .
as i am 6'4\" the ironing board is at cock level . The edge of the iron \"seared\" my cock which was dangling over the work area . It now has a blistered line across the shaft and it is somewhat painful .edit - someone wanted a pic.
i'm out and want a drink . i'm asking for a drink. i'm looking forward to a drink in the future . i.m. i. want to drink. I'm out there and want you to know what I'm about to do. I don't want to do so.
i was at my grandparents' farm when i stumbled across a blue egg just sitting on the ground . When i picked it up, it had holes in it where the unborn bird must have leaked out . i looked down at the egg and then realized that a very dark brown liquid had leaked out onto my hand .
\"coupon fraud\" at a chain restaurant . Server servers steal stacks of coupons or print them from their computer under false emails . This means servers steal coupons and add them to all their cash checks . The coupons that were never really used end up being an extra five, ten, whatever dollars in their pocket... sometimes costing us hundreds and hundreds of dollars in losses .
A couple of chubby and unattractive women who are over twice my age get on the bus . i brilliantly decide to rub my leg, with my phone pointed out against her to get it flat in my pocket . When she does get off, i can't stop myself from glancing at her face to see if she was thinking what i thought was thinking .
Last night i had a couple of people over and i got pretty drunk . After my friends depart from my place im feeling exhausted and want to go straight to bed, but first i had to piss . After about 10-15 minutes of browsing i decided to browse the internet for a little bit . When i finished, i put the gatorade bottle back next to my bed on my nightstand .
My girlfriend (19f) are playing ping-pong in her basement and her family is upstairs . Her mother walks down, sees us, and is pissed . i made it clear to her mother that we do not have sex (both virgins) and simply said, \"just not in my house\"
i just recently got a tattoo on my thigh, and i was wearing jeans . One of my friends is recording the scene because he thinks it's funny, and says, \"drop your pants down\" The video was taken using snap chat, so i can't provide that .
A few single mothers from her daughter's class were also jewish . One boy would incessantly call for his mom, \"mom? mom? mom?\" The other family had a nice daughter that didn't say a word . i complimented the quiet girl for not making a peep, and when the boy would start up again, i'd make an obnoxious comment .
i had to buy a train ticket to get home from abroad . But instead of thinking of going down the escalator, i decided to turn around and march back up . Maybe it was the jetlag that i was in a hurry and not thinking or maybe i'm just an idiot .
i cooked bacon naked naked. i cooked Bacon naked . i cooked i.S. bacon naked. It was cooked naked by i.i.com . The bacon was cooked by i cooked naked.com's bacon naked, and i cooked it naked in a bid bid to get rid of bacon .
sister was playing with the puppy and he started growling . She wasn't correcting him and he got more aggressive so i told her to drop him and move out of the way the next time he growls or barks or goes to bite you . She ended up getting slightly decked from the side of the side .
i accidentally slipped up and they gave me the stink eye . i don't expect them to call me back. throwaway for obvious reasons. Throwaway.io.com is a throwaway throwaway.com.com/commodation.com: \"i am stupid. But to elaborate more on this i accidentally slip up\"
i'm not going to elaborate because i don't even know how to. pretty much, i totaled my car, my parents found out about my marijuana use, and i broke up with my girlfriend in 1 hour . Also became the biggest joke in school over my minecraft playing .
A week ago i happened by her number because she desperately needed tutoring in chemistry and i am good at science . So i became her tutor, got her number, and 15 bucks an hour pays well so all's good? So i got fined $50 and couldn't go to the concert .
The girl i was going on a date on Wednesday (wedwedwednesday) had to cancel that date...yea had to go on an awesome music and 3 sets to play at a festival gig...down the drain cause...i messed up. My dad just got home from working domestically and he was expecting to come home and relax...but comes home to news of how i messed up .
The mechanical engineering program at my school is that you have to get an a or b in calculus ii . This semester i figured i would nail it, since i just took it last semester and had all of my old materials to study from, plus i knew most of it . Yesterday i decided to skip my 5:30 calc ii lecture (it was supposed to be on an easy topic that i know about)
The vice principal steps in and calls me and my friend out of class . For the rest of the year, i was labeled as a nazi and outcast for the entire year . For all the year i was labelled as a 'nazi' and outcasts .
i'm 14 and discovered masturbation a few months ago . i had a soundcloud account linked to my facebook, and started listening to some porn to get me off . When i get a call from my mom, i saw on your facebook you're watching . She says it's okay for boys my age to explore sexual content .
At 11:45 according to the clock i headed to my first class, where i had a test . When i got to the classroom there was no one there, and i thought i saw a few people from my class, though the class is large and i don't talk to many people in it so i wasn't sure . Almost immediately the professor handed out the test, and then turned the room over to a proctor .
When one uses the bathroom there is no question about whether it is 1 or 2 . Thought since nobody was upstairs that i had clearance to let one rip . folded that bitch in half and used it twice . Nobody used the bathroom the rest of the day and i had to go downstairs and get more tp out of the closet in front of everyone .
i put icy hot on my neck, as to not get it on my bedding i placed a hand towel on my pillow . Fast-forward 9 hours, i'm redditing and decide to take a fap break . After \"unloading\" i reach to my towel covered in icy hot to clean my manhood... needless to say my balls feel like the surface of the sun, and my penis is swollen .
i was planning to buy a bunch of games on steam but now, i have to spend that money on buying a new phone . This is especially crappy for me because i just earned $200 from doing a ton of volunteer work at a retirement home . Not exactly a grand tifu, but it's the little things that get to you .
i, 22f, is studying abroad in argentina this semester . Many of the inhabitants have resorted to petty crime, such as pickpocketing, in an attempt to make ends meet . The country is currently in a state of economic distress and, as the unemployment rate is extremely high .
Drunk me thought it would a fun idea to have a three-way with my flatmate and his male friend last night . Now my ass is paying the price, i am bleeding like hell down there! i've got to bleed like hell from the floor down there .
Last night i was fapping to my favorite weird fetish, my little pony porn . After doing the deed, i just turned off my monitor and went to bed without thinking anything of it . My mom was about to turn on my monitor, she was greeted with a screen full of rainbow dash's ass in very graphic detail .
i was reading tifu thread of a guy shitting is pants on his neighbours lawn . As i'm playing around with my mouse to fix it my boss crosses the line of hidden computer screen to full view . Luckily reddit was closed and excel was open, but he looks at the task manager and boom .
i accidentally obliterated the side mirror on my car . My dad is furious because we don't have the money to fix it, at the moment, i ended up failing the test, too . Luckily, i didn't poop myself, yet, luckily, i\u00a0didn't poop herself, yet .
The system i had been working on was a 2-dimensional graphene layer, with a iron atom sitting on the top at a distance '*h*' A month ago, i thought that the distances were arranged like [this] in the paper, and proceeded to perform all my calculations with an *h* distance of 2.02 angstrom . The results were extremely off the mark, changing pseudopotentials, basis sets, mesh cut-offs, k-point grids - varying almost every parameter possible to reproduce the results from the paper .
a p.a. to those of you who work in an office setting . If a printer asks you to change the \"w or \"wa\" toner, don't shake it . This is the waste toner... you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft. of you .
The story was written by a man who doesn't like hard liquor . His wife tried to have sex with him, but i bit her and kicked her out of bed . The next memory is waking up the next morning, still very drunk, still drunk, and feeling like i've been trampled by a team of horses .
i have been stewing and stewing over the fact that my bank has started a $6 monthly service fee if your account balance falls below $500 . i'd been planning to switch banks for some time now. Today was payday. i took my check to the bank and told them i wanted to keep out part of it in cash .
A couple weeks ago, i was using dichloromethane in a lab that tries to make crystals to see if a unique chemical structure is formed . The graduate tas and research educator prof i work with in the lab do not use the vent (hood) for many dangerous chemicals, like dichlorometrichane, for the sake of \"efficiency\"
The doctor left with a giant list of medical exams to get done . After getting some blood taken, a urine sample was handed a jar and told to take it home and supply a stool sample . After 25 minutes, i am to put saran wrap over the toilet and make sure no toilet water/urine touches the \"sample\" The jar of acid poo was displayed to the world .
i was taking a tour at a distillery with a group of coworkers . The tour guide mentioned glycerin and the lady beside me said \"isn't that in soap?\" - i replied \"i don't know about soap, but i know it's in lube\".
i thought it would be funny to ask someone if they were wearing pants . Unfortunately i had used a british english to russian dictionary to translate pants and was actually asking her if she was wearing underwear . There was an awkward silence and i got some stares of slight disgust from my teacher and the visiting woman teacher .
The whole encounter left me kind of embarrassed . i suspect i reacted in the way that i really have like zero confidence in dealing with women especially when it comes to physical contact even as simple as holding someones hand . For some reason i become flustered after realizing how stupid that sounds .
The bathroom i was using was a male bathroom, it has a urinal and a stall with a toilet, but because of the flow of people it has been converted into a unisex bathroom that you are supposed to lock while in use . The next thing i know i hear someone walk in! i scramble and shut the stall door and lock it as fast as i can .
i've been home sick all say.  coughing, sore throat, general lethargy, and a bit of bowel distress . i tried to eat some supper, just soup and a sandwich . shortly after, i was informed that i would be vomiting . Upon the first heave, i prostrated myself in homage to the porcelain god and proceeded to soil myself .
i went to the dump for my mom, which is about three minutes down the road . i put the garbage down the chute and reach in my pocket and grab the stickers and throw em down with the bags . When i got home, let my dogs out, and then empty my pockets so i find the two stickers still in my pockets .
The fiance took the fiance for a nice meal at a nearby japanese restaurant . After stepping off of the bus and touching the back of my leg i noticed it was wet . Upon a gentlemanly sniff of the offending liquid, i realized it was pee . The front seats are priority seats for old people so i led the other half to the back .
it's my birthday, so my mum says she is going out to get something for my birthday surprise . So i skip down stairs naked, singing to taylor swift - i knew you were trouble . Almost my whole class from school was there, and some family members, including my grandparents, my mother, cousins and my auntie and uncle, and i just basically skip in singing my heart out .
i thought it would make my friend laugh, excite her for the upcoming zombie conversation . When i came to the foyer, with my friend behind her desk facing me on the opposite side of the entrance hall, i couldn't help but start lumbering towards her . The world stood still as my friend, paralyzed by proximity of my shame and shock, stared at me, mouth agape .
When i am very tired or stressed, i'll sit in the shower with my knees clutched up to the chest and enjoy the water on my back . The familiar ache and blackening of my vision follow, except this time, it kept getting black and kept hurting . When i came to, i was lying on the floor of the shower .
i was so caught up in it and all the right things happened . So i said, \"you know what? we should be married. let's get married!\" i'll admit that a part of me likes her because she's attractive, but we're not in love .
i use a private ebook torrent website to get ebooks. on it, people can request certain books, and you get rewarded for uploading them to the site . Last night, she casually mentioned that she can see what i've been borrowing with her account . The most recently borrowed books had been \"the sex game bible\" and \"101 advanced sex positions for maximizing intimacy\"
i stole a large sum of money from a party . The person whose money it was stolen wants to call the police but hasn't yet . i find out through a friend, who has a friend (let's call him \"b\") who knew the people throwing the party .
i bit my tongue hard and slammed my chest into the steering wheel . Some guy saw the whole thing, he asked over and over if i was ok . If i report it to my car insurance, they'll most likely drop me for having too many prior accidents, plus this one .
13-year-old was messing around, not thinking, and was swirling a half dollar in between his teeth . It slipped in between my teeth, went down my throat, tried to cough it up, made it even worse, and swallowed the damned thing without a problem . On friday we go and get an xray and its still stuck in my stomach . It has not passed and most likely going to get a tube up the ass and get it pulled out .
At the ups hub the loaders get packages that come down the belt from the sort aisle, then you load them into the semi trailer . Sometimes the people that slide the packages down your trailer's chute, slide down the wrong bags that are filled with packages . The worst one that could come down my belt was full of paychecks to the louisville hub .
Last night i went to my friends birthday party and after the party ended, my drunk self thought it would be a good idea to walk home . midway through my little adventure home, i realized that i didn't have my phone . The problem here is that i don't remember if i had my phone when i left my friends house .
An anime girl stomping another girl in the cooch . This was embarrassing. i'm pretty sure my parents' view of me has changed forever . The whole family, about fifteen people, gathered around to show everyone a picture he posted . The picture was posted on facebook, and i quickly changed it to facebook .
i'm so thankful right now. Have a safe and happy (insert whatever your celebrating) Have a good and happy, please share your thoughts on CNN iReport.com/Heroes on CNN.com: Share your story on CNN Living on CNN tonight.com will feature iReport .
i could totally imagine myself spending the rest of my life with her . She was done with med school and was working in a hospital, so she obviously had the smarts too . \"i forgot to get her number!!!!!!!\" she was done by med school .
An acquaintance of mine moved into the same apartment 'block' as me a month before i moved out of my apartment . The new owners were an asian couple in their mid 20s and the they were not very happy to see me . When i woke up after a night of heavy drinking, memories are just flashes of pictures, creating a hazy timeline .
i put on a porno, on my laptop, plugging in my headphones so i don't disturb my housemate who's sleeping next door . Just as i've shot my load, i look up, to see housemate in the doorway, saying something to me . She sees what i'm doing, and turns back to her room, giggling .
i went to live in thailand for 2 months starting earlier this year . When i slipped on the wet concrete, i had a large gash on my left cheek, and 3 teeth had been broken . Still, i still had a great time, even without 3 teeth, and a scar on my knee .
My calendar starts every week showing the sunday, not the monday, meaning that where tuesday is on tuesday, on mine it shows monday . The exam date/time/room etc is all written in a monday box and has been there for about six weeks, but i have been reading the calendar as starting on the tuesday .
When i was around 13 years old i decided to take a long bike ride into town . After not even being in there for 5 minutes i suddenly start to just throw up all over the floor . The librarian starts to clean it up while i go into the bathroom to clean myself up and i just felt so embarrassed .
The last thing i need is someone to find out all of my dirty secrets . \"i'm not the kind of girl who says \"i love you\" randomly to other girls. It seems out of place when i do it, so there isn't any writing off as an accident. So i'm sure someone will notice and say something .
i'm taking a math class that is only at tuesday and thursday at 8 pm to 10 pm . In this class the grades are based off of 3 tests . The tests are worth 30% except for the final which is worth 40% . This means that i need atleast an 80% on both tests to pass the class .
i recently got a pretty gorgeous girlfriend who is also into harry potter and is generally pretty fantastic . A couple days later i decided that i needed to try ass play . The male prostate is only a couple inches past the anus; i didn't have to go deep . The pain was the greatest i have felt in my life .
Drunk Girlfriend starts fooling around with me, turns to a bj, but i'm buzzed so i tell her i cant finish and she tells me just to fuck her right there on the couch . Her brother walked home early, saw us through the front door, saw them through her room to sneak downstairs to his room . After about 5 minutes, i lost my hard on after 5 minutes (intended quicky)
i just moved into my place back in november.. around december, middle of summer here, had some pastizzis baking in the oven . As i turn my body to place the tray on the bench, the side of the tray touches my stomach just below my navel . If this goes well i might be inspired to share some other embarrassing stories .
my sister was over to babysit my two kids... and happened to find the semen sample . Having had a recent vasectomy, they wanted to test me to make sure i'm sterile and stay that way . needless to say, she left it alone... but was a little grossed out .
i'm worried that she is looking for an adrenaline rush . While i was in the shower she took the car and went for a drive . She has no phone on her and has trouble seeing road signs in the dark . She made it home safe and so did the car .
The last relationship ended not so well with me telling him that i liked girls . For most people this wouldn't have been a problem, but i'm a woman who has been in relationships with men up until now . The second i pulled into the parking lot i realised what i had done, what i was about to do, and i ruined him . Now i'm looking at the keyboard thinking about what just happened .
bacon bacon was tasty bacon bacon . The bacon was bacon, but it was tasty but tasty bacon . It was bacon-free, but not tasty bacon, it was bacon. but bacon. The bacon bacon is a tasty bacon substitute for bacon. It was tasty, but bacon was not bacon .
After work today three other coworkers, one of their girlfriends, and i wanted to smoke a bowl and hang out after work . Two police interceptors and a mall cop roll up behind us, and come talk to us about pot being a narcotic and illegal to do pretty much everywhere . We didn't get arrested, but i got nailed by a trespassing charge from mall security .
i'm wrapping up my homework and everything is fine, but i want to have my girlfriend check over my speech to see if it is good . The only thing is, i forgot to delete that line before i submitted the homework, and my teacher has the edit function disabled . i sent the teacher an apology message but i still haven't heard back from her .
i was talking to my mom about how nothing phases me, except spiders and r/spacedicks . Seeing as she's a lurker, she wanted to see it . i tried to convince her otherwise, but nevertheless, she made me pull up r/Spacedicks. i don't know what i've done...
The person was really understanding and forgiving, and deleted the email . Then i sent the person an email gift card, saying thank you for the understanding, that will now be a permanent reminder of the situation, along with anything that is bought using it . The gift card will be permanent reminder to the situation .
i head over to her house, as usual i say my hellos and have a pleasant conversation with her mother . After an hour or so of playing we started getting promiscuous . Her mom stealth modes it upstairs, and even with my perfect hearing i failed to hear her... she was a freaking ninja. She opens the door while i'm 2 knuckles deep in her daughter .
This guy calls in, we'll call him rick since that's his name and he's an asshole . i was just in your store and told me i could only get $10 for a coin that's worth $300 . i haven't had a customer today. What was the name of the business you're looking for?
The other day i asked my girlfriend to pose as my favorite baseball player to help him get off . She posed as casey janssen, a pitcher for the toronto blue jays . She didn't really talk to him for the rest of the weekend, and she hasn't talked to him since .
A few weeks ago, my boyfriend invited me to meet him at a hotel . i'm still in that \"omg wtf if he thinks i'm not perfect? i want him to think i have a perfect, bangin' pornstar body,\" she says .
A friend of a friend bought a new 3ds a week or so ago with mario kart 7 . After hours of messing around on the ps3, he brings out his 3ds . After shaking the life out of the 3ds, the screen bent backwards . The screen went floppy like a flaccid penis .
i was a freshman in high school when my biology teacher realized i wasn't paying attention . After class, she flipped to the worst joke in the whole book: \"sometimes i rip my balls off with a chainsaw and then staple them back together\" \"what the worst thing imaginable happens... after class, i was sent to the principal, my parents were called, and every joke was read to them\"
i overdosed, hard. at one point i thought i was going to die, i couldn't even drink water with out vomiting . i think i might have done permanent damage. i'm too afraid to tell me parents, my mom is oblivious to the fact and just thinks i got food poisoning . College already paid for amazing gpa and act scores .
the cops just called me if i let aescobar32's roomate drive the car . He apparently drove an hour away and ran out of gas and cops stopped because they looked suspicious . He is drunk and no gas in my car means i need to go to a gas station, grab gas, punch my roomate in the face, leave him there .
An abandoned gas station with a lone porta-potty in the vacant dirt lot right next to it . As a grown man, poop my pants, or pee on the wall, i had my options: either, as a grown adult, or pooch my pants . The wind, which has begun to pick up drastically, rips the door completely open .
i'm getting ready to go on my break while waiting for another co worker to come in at 5, he's usually late so i decided to just go before he gets there, figure what's a few minutes anyways . Turn around to see this little girl her head laying on the floor and beginning to cry her eyes out .
After about 3-4 hours, we decided it's insanely hot and why not get some ice-cream . After about 2/3 of my ice cream demolished by my sweet tooth... i felt a shit coming on... i rushed to the bathroom to rush to the toilet .
After washing my clothes, i put on some slippers and went out to the balcony to hang them up to dry . When i stepped on a dead... thing, and it stuck to the bottom of my slipper . It was either a mouse or a bird, i couldn't tell 'cause it was half rotten'
This actually happened a couple months ago but idgafaf. this actually happened . The second i was finished my smoke, i fell onto the floor . He puked for 10 minutes without stopping, then shambled into my room like a zombie on lsd .
The train was supposed to go to my hometown but, for some (undoubtedly shitty) reason, turned the fuck around and is now heading back in the opposite direction! It is extremely frustrating to be heading in the wrong direction and not being able to do anything about it! changing trains will cost a lot of time .
A dress with a pink \"galaxy\" pattern and white stars flew up, exposing my underwear and the back of my bra . After struggling to get my jeans off, i realized the shoes looked stupid and tried to take them off . The sudden pain made me lose balance and i pitched forward, falling through the velvet curtain and onto the floor of the hot topic .
i texted my dealer asking him for two bags, thirty minutes later he's one street away . As i approached his bmw i see my guy and a heavily fake tanned, tramp-stamped, made-up girl exiting a dvd rental sho- think it was a bluray in his hand .
Around 3am i wake up, feel the urge, and meander on out the door . At night, i don't make it in the other door at night, why? Nobody is awake. Why? why? Why? pee outside! ahhhhhhhhhh, sweet release. The main door is left open and only the screen is in place .
\"stuff\" had dried, turned yellow, and is now some sort of mold like substance sitting on the fan . i'm both disgusted and intrigued. How the fuck did this stay like that? but i'm too much of a wuss to clean it, so now  have to decide whether to clean up week old ejaculate on my family's fan .
The tank in the lobby ran out of sweet tea so i was tasked with putting sweet tea in said tank . The bucket slipped out of my hand and sweet tea went everywhere . The back sink also stopped working and toilets wouldn't flush and anything using water just shutdown . The water department was dispatched the water department and the problem was found quickly .
i'm supposed to be house sitting the friend's house . When i got back i realized i had locked her keys inside of her house and left my weed, pipe and beer right on the coffee table . i ended up being able to get in a side door using a credit card .
i was pan frying chicken breast in olive oil and butter, and boiling pasta (in a different pot) so i stuck the spoon in my mouth and just sucked it like it had soup in it . Now the inside of my lip and a bit of my cheeks are grey/white, like fried pork colour .
i'm a medical cannabis patient and cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me . Instead of my cherry blowing out the window, it blew right back in my eye, my eye to be exact . The cherry flew into my passenger side foot well and hit some paper that i had down there, and it caught fire .
i accidentally erased and added my physics answers to math test answers . i guess there's always always next month . i only finished 2/3 of the physics test and i botched several of my math ii answers . The math ii test was the math ii and another in physics .
High school was putting on a musical and i was on the crew because i wanted to participate, but don't like to sing in front of people . The director of the play, a teacher, took her into the backstage room to go through some materials i would pass out at intermission and extra microphone tape . After the first two or three songs, i was overcome with shame and didn't want him to know i'd used the filthy corner toilet .
'7 fractured ribs' thanks to a guy named sid for protecting me until i could get up out of the road . The other cyclist stopped to break his bike down for deb's trunk . No damage to bike, no damage to the bike . The staff at sharon hospital took great care of me, especially nurse brenda .
i've been on adderall for a while . The loveliest of side effects is that it makes your shit set up camp and just chill in your intestines . Around 2pm i decided to take a single extra-strength laxative to kick down the doors and do some spring cleaning . After the farts came like the valkyrie, it escalated to some sort of anal rapture .
teacher took my phone then proceeded to read from it in front of the class . The post was racist jokes and now the students  think i'm a douche. Life is great curriculum.com: Life is a great curriculum curriculum. The teacher took his phone to read it from it, read from the post .
My friend gave me a 70mg vyvance and told me to take it if i ever needed to cram for a test . So naturally i take it at around 6 pm the night before the sat's . i can only hope to god that it doesn't wear off during the exam .
i was changing lady products like normal . But somehow i managed to drop the used tampon on the floor where it rolled into an adjacent stall . At that point i was terrified that i'd be identified so i ran out of the bathroom faster than a hungry cat who had just heard a can open .
i had cause to use the restroom at work today. i did my business, wiped, then turned to flush, and no toilet paper . i hope none of my coworkers do.  i never did find the toilet paper in my pantleg? nope. The toilet paper was found under the seat?
A year ago i was a part of the stage construction/ stage crew for my schools fall play . Well she comes over and lays her head on my thigh, which i kinda got aroused from her doing that, and then her cue came up for her to get on stage . When she needed her hair tie again she started feeling around for it, and i came .
The first day i've had my new apartment all to myself, away from all my other flatmates . When i hear the kettle whistling right in the middle of me taking care of business, i jump up to go take it off . At this point i start to yell, even before the pain .
i flipped my shit, caused a scene, and more than likely lost a good friend because of it . So far, she's blocked me on skype and facebook and unfriended me on lol. She unblocked me, we're talking now. Apparently the other guy in this story freaked her out, and now i'm somehow the good guy .
Grandfather asks for help from his grandparents to explain why he's never seen so many old people in one place . \"well, i live near a cemetery and old people are pretty common there,\" he says . \"followed by a long, awkward silence from all 4 of us\"
So i was fapping and had the smart idea to use my own spit spit spit . Later i found sores on my dick and one in my mouth .ugh .ugh ideas to help please please please ...ugh  recommendations to help with the help of a sore .
i destroyed the conductor for the aerial, now she doesn't get a signal and i blunted all but 2 two screws, so it will most likely cost more to get it fixed . The looming sensation of \"sooner i get this done, the sooner i can have sex\"
i'd never done that before and left feeling good but pretty sore . Went back to his place afterwards got more drinks and movies and turned into sexy time . Was into pain, giving and receiving. turned out he was into pain-giving and receiving . Left feeling good, but left feeling 'pretty sore'
i'm a waiter, and accidentally spilled a large tray filled with 14-15 glasses of ice-water onto a customer (hot 30-something year old) Bonus: she was wearing a white shirt.com: \"Oh man it was not cool. never again will i lose my balance with those damned trays\"
i ran track in high school and run with friends as a recreational activity . During this run i decide to run off the path and cut through the cemetery to save time and effort . i'm running through thick grass where the tombstones are when suddenly, i drop around 5 feet . My ankles were decimated by the landing .
This morning, my fiance and i woke up still drunk and late for a wedding planning meeting . As he's driving, he's rapidly spiraling into cripplingly hungover . When he was about a mile and a half from home, i thought i could crack my door just far enough to throw up directly on the side of the vehicle .
i thought the letter was old, like it was for another boy she was asking out last year . i dismissed it as an invitation to me, and started laughing and patted the dog on the head and said, \"yes, scampers (the dog's name) i will go to the dance with you!\"
As soon as i got to class started my computer and got on reddit . Last thing i remember my teacher say was \"...and it's due before you leave.\" Writer says he remembers his teacher saying: \"And it's all the time for you to leave\" The last thing i remembers my teacher tell her teacher: \"...And it was due to you leave\"
During my lunch hour saw my ex's parents on the street . Last time i saw them was about 3 years ago and this time they and especially mom looked big in abdominal area . Thankfully they are great folks with sense of humor and we just laughed it off. thankfully thankfully they're great folks .
i walked into the women's restroom instead of the men's . A female campus cop was walking by and then heard the incident . He was threatening to arrest me for \"harassment and sexual assault\" He laughed and then let me go free just because he had a similar experience back in his day .
To get in shape, i decided i was going to bike to work . The city sidewalks aren't very bike-friendly, but with the downramps 6 feet off to the side . i break my glasses, sprain my wrist, dislocate my shoulder, and lose the light on my bike .
This morning as i got up to poop in the toilet, i noticed some liquid on the seat before i sat down . For some god forsaken reason, i gently reached out, dabbed the liquid and gingerly touched it to my lips . i immediately thought about what the fuck was doing whilst beginning to cough and spit violently .
\"We were friends, and she was flirty with me, but i just told myself that was her personality,\" he says . After 5 1/2 years, i wanted to date her, but she broke up with her previous boyfriend . \"My ego seems to be my most damning enemy,\" she writes .
i earned earned it. i earned it . i earned i i earned the i.S. i had earned it from i.com . i had to settle for i earned a seat in a seat on iReport.com/sportportport . iReport: Share your story with CNN iReport .
i got tired of having to remove my sock by soaking it in a bowl of water because it kept sticking to all the gunk . The left one was recently removed medically, but the one on the right \"wasnt causing any immediate harm\" The 25mm spike of toenail jutting out the side of the nail had started growing into my toe .
The cold clamped the skin on my face tighter than my butthole when i was raped...i could not feel shit. If i open the window that negative weather will kick my ass till i shit again . The temperature dropped faster than my shit this morning (of course tifu should get that :p)
i decided to add some jalapeno peppers today and try it . But i was taking out the seeds in the pepper and everything went fine, the fajitas tasted delicious . Except, now my fingers and burning! it's been like this for 20 minutes and it's really uncomfortable .
i felt the cap twist and it felt so good, until i tasted the ever so delicious glue running around my mouth and making a glue lining around my tongue . The first thought was \"oh my goodness my esophagus is going to be glued shut\" thank thank thank goodness it wasn't but i am still peeling glue off .
The girl i've been interested in was coming and that was going to be the time for me to see if the feelings were mutual . After a few nights ago, i drop her and quickly shuffle out of the ball room, leaving a trail of wet shit behind me .
James Fallows' apartment's cold water had to be turned off due to mysterious reasons . After leaving the sauna i realized that my body felt like a match being lit . Turned out i almost burned the pipes that stored water due to the excessive heat . After such near death experience, i had a second near-death experience when my parents realized that i nearly burned my apartment .
Potatoes caught on fire in the microwave 2 days later . The microwave appears to be undamaged, but there is an unholy smell emanating from that corner of the kitchen . The potato shortcut button was used to cook a small, red potato, and not the standard russet .
i was playing on around on our phones when i decided it would be a good idea to send him a naughty photo for him . When i realized that the last person i texted was my very religious mother instead of my husband . The picture hadn't sent yet, so he turned the phone into airplane mode and deleted the pending text .
i'm a sophomore in college, and during the spring my school usually has a lot of tours for prospective students . As i'm walking past them i notice this girl in the group wearing a calgary flames t-shirt . She customized it so that what was a normal flames shirt became midriff city (where the navel's out and the hips are pretty)
A goose was murdered here! The casing was obliterated feathers, feathers, all over the room . The sick anticipation of waiting until his wife sees the photo thing, says says i think i have figured out the photo photo thing.com/rhzmalr.com .
In december 2012, i updated my r\u00e9sum\u00e9 a few month earlier and showed it to friends to check spelling, grammar & everything else . When my contract actually ended, i just changed the dates of my last work experience : it was \"september 2011 - now\" and i changed \"now\" to january 2013 .
My now ex ( we can call her g ) and i have been together on and off for 6 years . After 2 weeks in the new house i told her that i couldnt marry her bc of our bad past . Now every morning when i get off work and come home to a empty house i just want to burst out in tears .
The thread below from /r/askreddit made me think of this story . It's over 3,000 comments deep, but i still wanted to share the wisdom we gained that day without it getting buried . The one the other guys did that made everyone forget about my drunken episode .
i'm on my iphone browsing porn sites for a good video. Keep in mind that i like to have my shorts down while i'm under the blankets when i'm looking for a video to bank one too . One of the dogs got really hyper or something, because it then jumps on the bed and steps its huge and powerful boxer paw right on my ball sack . After what felt like forever he finally left and took the dogs with him .
After class i get a text from my new-ish hot girlfriend (almost a month) asking me if i wanted to go on a dinner date . So i grab the bottle of febreze next to the toilet and spray it on my dick . After the date, i ended up cancelling the date because \"i really had to work on homework\"
i was asked to join a new group of friends for drinks for drinks . The night starts off normal until i decide to stop mixing my drinks and pouring straight admiral nelson . Blacked out halfway through the night, and ended up puking the night away . Apparently i had filled up my cup two more times after blacking out .
The balloons were tangled in the back wheel of a camry and the spare tire of a jeep that were driving through the parking lot . i quickly ran over to the two stopped and likely very confused cars and started to frantically try and peel off the balloons . After successfully wrangling the balloons into my trunk, i quickly put the rest of my bags away (with the trunk fully closed)
A huge amount of curry had already gone in and i had minutes before liberally dosed the pan with sriracha . The people i am cooking for are pretty hungry so we decided to sack up and eat it. This one is going to hurt. This is the first time i apologize in advance .
This is my first time submitting a post to reddit, so bear with me as i no doubt make an arse of the formatting . Blood continued for several minutes, with my toilet looking like a really creative murder scene . i ended up cleaning most of the bathroom so not as to risk being discovered, before heading to bed wearing the darkest coloured boxer-briefs .
The oven is half the size of a normal oven, and the sides of the box that were touching the inside of the oven proceeded to burn, and - when i noticed the smoke and removed the box from the oven - catch fire . Luckily for me, the smoke alarm in my apartment is located in the bedroom, and i managed to air the place out without causing it to go off .
The new technology allows you to stream media from your phone to the player over wireless . The video was the last thing that shows my face . i had planned on editing that when i got it uploaded to my computer with the USB cable, and then play the video . i explain myself, he laughs hysterically and i haven't talked to him since .
This actually happened yesterday, but since it was less than 24 hours ago i figured it still counts . Rather than park in a space, i decided to leave my car running behind a few cars parked in front of my building . The lock mechanism in the drivers side door is screwed up so its really hard to unlock from inside .
a few days ago i spilled a beer on the keyboard and broke the w,1,2,tab key, and til also the brightness up key . Great start to the day. Great start-to-day, great start to day. great start of the day .
i went to my boyfriend's gym with him because there are dogs there . After a few hours, my phone dies and i left it in the sun, hoping any water in the phone would evaporate . The phone's parts were put in rice for the night so i could play with fire .
So i decided it would be a good idea to hold them in, so after a few hours i would let a massive one out . When i was in bed, and about to sleep i feel to what i thought was piss all over my legs / my ass . Then it hit me.. it wasn't piss. it was diarrhea. It was running down my leg and it was all over the floor .
This was on australia day but that wasn't long ago . i invented a new drinking game where you take your bottle of beer, hold it in your mouth and have to swim underwater to the other side . It was awesome, went without a hitch! no pool water got in and i was a hero .
The only possible choice i have is to pee into the sink . When i hear the automatic air-freshener going off, i jump from the sink to peeing . My mother storms into the kitchen while barely awake, to find her child half naked and still peeing on the kitchen floor .
i lit methane bubbles on the ceiling and black water explodes out of the ceiling . The whole school is evacuated and the whole school was evacuated . Two people went to the hospital with two people in it . One was my physics teacher who had a panic/asthma attack during the whole thing .
i was on a beginner slope headed back to the lodge when a snowboarder fell to my right his friend fell over him landing on my skis . Land on my shoulder and dislocate it and tear the ligaments my friend who was behind me on the trail assumed i took off and left him behind .
i was sat having coffee with a friend when i heard gasps, a lady yelled \"bring ice, the baby fell out the chair!\" Everyone stood up or turned around to see if the baby was okay and i just sat there laughing . The lady on the next table heard and gave me the biggest glare .
i should not have done that. i am not enriched by what i found there. i should . i'm not enriched with what i wrote there . i did not have to do that, i should have done so . i should never have done this. i'm 'not enriched' by the results of i'm still not enriched .
The first thing i do when i walk into any waffle house is immediately highjack the jukebox . So i idly flipped through and landed on ccr - fortunate son. He stared death at me. He was wearing a \"vietnam veteran\" hat, and didn't seem to share his enthusiasm for john fogerty .
i'm no expert on birds, but these guys didn't even have all their feathers yet, so they must've been pretty young . i'm guessing their nest fell out of a nearby tree or something, and they happened to be stranded in front of my mowing path . By the time i was finished the babies were safely on the back patio .
Booting up broke the partition for some reason, so i erased it and started to install from scratch . Unfortunately forgetting to again create the 20gig partition for Linux to run on . Unfortunately forgot to again make the 20Gig partition to run . 180gb of work gone .
Last night i was at a friend's house with a couple of buddies . After a few beers we got to talking about pepper spray (somehow) and my buddy said he had a can in his car . For $20 i decided to let them spray me with it . The shower had washed it out of my pores and down my body to my genitals .
As i was turning to leave the building, i saw that there was a path that lead out of the school a bit quicker . thinking nothing of it, i went that way and exited faster than normal . As of now i can't straighten the knee, there is major swelling, and i'm planning on going to the doctor's in a little while .
The phone fell into the toilet while someone played their turn, causing my phone to vibrate . She kicked me in the balls, pushed me out of the room, and locked the door . The story of how i found out she was extremely germaphobic and that's the story of the incident .
i see a lone bird freak out, jump, try to fly, and then fall . He makes it to the water with his friends, only to drop his head under the murky water, unconscious, to die . i drove up to my ball, which was resting near the edge of the green, and finished the hole .
i bumped into a family friend who i don't know very well but is close with cousins, family members etc. we got chatting and he casually asked me how my mum/dad was doing. Being the honest person i am, i explained to him that my dad had just been laid off from a company he did long term i.t. management for . In my excitement i felt it necessary to voice my opinion and tell him that the new team would probably be s**t . The boy keeps attempting to add me on facebook but i can't imagine replying to him out of complete embarrassment and shame!
The story of october 19th started out six months ago with my group of friends at my school on a monday morning . Throughout the week, james kept on repeating \"october\u00a019th, i can't wait\". The freshmen girl, who over heard what xavier and austin were saying about the next day, overheard him talking about it . The police called xavier's house and told him that the police were coming to investigate the supposed school shooting tomorrow . The whole group was under arrested for conspiracy to commit murder .
girlfriend was yelling at me for having mold in my trashcan . After 30 minute barrage of this in 630am traffic i snapped, yelled and smashed my hand down on my wooden center console, hit my phone and broke the screen and lcd (birthday preasent 1 week old)
Longboarder was longboarding down locust walk and coming to the corner of a three way intersection . As i'm about to pass her i say yeahhhh!! ridin on four wheels and extend my hand out for a \"high five\" needless to say she was a paraplegic and did not find the humor i saw in my actions .
After lunch, i gave her a beef taco with a side of rice, she complained of stomach pain . After lunch she was very appreciative, but complained of nausea . She punched and kicked her as she tried to run away . Eventually i ran to the mens bathroom because she couldn't go in there .
Texted a coworker of mine via text after the interview . Texted it to my boss's boss who is now just my boss... followed up with an apology, and when he called me 10 minutes later about the interview he didn't mention it... but it's been on my mind for the entire 4 hour drive home .
2 months ago, somehow i screwed up the left side of my neck and shoulder . It took me out of commission for like two weeks . Same place, same shooting pains, same place . Midterms were due today in my figure drawing class . Still icing, hoping for the best .
The company also sells decorative swords, so i never actually saw except for the picture on the box . After 30 minutes of talking to an amazon representative, they e-mail me a label with the item that i actually got and told me just to return it as a misordered item .
i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :( :( :(. I was embarrassed. I knocked over a graduated cylinder that broke . i was knocked over and broke the cylinder and was embarrassed to be embarrassed by the broken cylinder and i was\u00a0embarrassed\u00a0i was embarrassed .
When you're 20 and she's 26, it's a little intimidating . Because of this, i always added a couple of years to my actual age without her finding out . After the 18 months, i heard something regarding our age difference... and i answered to her -- \"i lied\".
i saw my opportunity, and i took it. Let's make one thing clear. i knew i had to get out of his range . As i hit the ground after hearing the \"snap\" that dislocating your knee makes, i remember two things: seeing my friend laugh as i fell on my face .
The day before i had just finished my final exams for my degree, and wanted to blow off some steam . My friend is my best mate, and brings the super retard idiot out in me . The ultimate fuck up? me sending a picture bragging of stealing shit to everyone on snapchat .
i get nervous poop syndrome so i immediately try to hold it all in till the co worker leaves . 25 farts start shooting at at rapid fire echoing off the bowl making it ten times louder . Used about a roll of toilet paper, walked to my desk. used about a . roll of the toilet paper .
i forgot to lock the door :'((():): 'i forgot to . lock my door : :'('('('drew to lock) the door,' says the door to the door . The door was locked in a locked lock lock-up, but not lock it up .
The next day i woke up hungover as shit, the clock said 9am, so my alarm didn't go off . In my car that cost me 11k, as i was reversing out of the garage i misjudged and scraped the side of my car on the brick pillars .
The boyfriend and his grandpa walk in on them . The boyfriend doesn't have a lock on his bedroom door so, the boyfriend reaches over and covers us both with a blanket . The pizza guy arrives while boyfriend has to go downstairs to pay for the pizza, while he has a boner .
At work we have a kind of friendly game where we throw tennis balls at each other . It bounced along and knocked some woman's coffee over and it spilled on her phone and all over her lunch . i walked over and apologized and offered to buy her lunch at work .
this is why social media is the devil . This is the first time social media has been used to create a social media outlet outlet for years . This year's social media was the focus of social media in the U.S. He says social media should be used to post it on Facebook .
A week ago i was at my friends house, having a good lan party, and i was using my new laptop . Today, i get a call from my friend's parents about being possibly sued for copyright infringement, etc. it's all my fault . The other part i forgot to tell you is.. i'm only 17 so looking at pornography is illegal .
i was 13, it was the early 90's and i decided to wear a [cropped shirt] sans bra . The ride operator asks me, \"all set?\" i reply with an emphatic, \"yep!\" and away i went upside down...with my shirt over my head... with my shirt still over her head... i'm totally mortified .
i am near sighted, and i can only recognize things by shape and color when i don't have my glasses on . i put one drop in and felt immediate pain . i rushed to the bathroom and rinsed my eye out for a good 5 minutes . i still have a dull pain in my eye after a few hours .
i've never been paid for not working before so i was stoked . Last friday my boss allowed my to go home early, but offered to pay me for a full day . The department that is responsible for paying me to approve last weeks online time card . This morning, my boss tells me that she just got an angry call asking why she approved me to get paid for 3.5 hours that i wasn't working .
i crash him right into the tables of people knocking over chairs and causing all their coffees to spill over the floor! i crashed him into people who knocked over their chairs and caused all their coffee to spill . The scooter was a man using an electric scooter who can't make a corner because of his bad hand .
New York's best friend has been living in his home to rent from him when my previous domicile was made unavailable due to my other friend moving . He's been interested in this girl for awhile, but hasn't made a move, prefering to go the friends route with her .
i was about 10 min early to watch a movie at her place . When i got to a point when i needed to turn around to do a u-turn, so i had to stop and and reverse, smashing my car . No arrests were made, but i didn't get any tickets from the police .
i've been off smoking for 58 days as of today, but i caved and bought a pack because i managed to justify 'two months on, two months on' in mind . Smoked four over the course of a few hours, instantly felt like ass garbage. tossed out the rest of the pack, regretting life right now.
A massive mosquito comes out of nowhere and starts trying to make out with my face . As i am windmill swatting the massive blood sucker, my dick is left to roam free . The worst part is that the mosquito disappeared so i'm covered in piss and paranoid so i had to get my ass out of there .
A spider pops out from under a flap in the cat door to keep gas in and cat out . The active ingredient isn't extremely toxic to mammals . It's been a couple hrs, he seems to be ok, no throwing up or muscle spasms . anybody know how long it takes a spider to get that big? i don't wanna know .
Bigwag91 started to fall for a girl that i met through a mutual friend . She breaks up with me, she starts going out with her friend from back home who she \"wanted to go out before but didn't want to get into a relationship, but its cool now because this year he will be going to a local community college that is near the college we go to\"
i used to take the school bus home from school, and the bus ride was the best part of the day . But when the bus driver opened the laughter stopped and i heard a \"you're fuuucked\" in unison . The blonde followed the bus all the way to my bus stop, she followed it to my stop . This led to my suspension; 1 week from school and 1 month from the bus .
i told her it was the umbilical cord . i told i i told the baby it was an umbilium cord.i told her that it was a child's first child, i said it was her umbilial cord. i. told her she was a baby girl who was born with cancer .
At work, i was told to be there at 8:00am, so i went to bed early and got some sleep so i can get up at 6:50am . At 7:15am, my boss calles me and asks me why i'm not at work yet . She then proceeds to tell me that it's 8:15 am because of daylight savings time .
A year after basic training, i joined the army national guard, i could not do a single pushup . Instead of taking \"real\" classes, i took an emt class, instead of taking real classes . After that semester i came home, intending to work as a security guard .
i was watching youtube stuff (as you do) and was looking for a snack . My eyes fell on a packet of salted popcorn, so in an instant it was open and i was chomping merrily . Next thing i know, my stomach is trying to stage a mutiny . Moral of the story: don't ever eat popcorn fast on an empty stomach .
i felt as if my skin was melting and the car was going at light speeds . Throwing up while on the freeway with the window open causes the barf to come flying back in and hitting the person sitting behind you . After we had gotten back she told me that it had gotten in her mouth .
This is one of the few times i will ever say \"this should be illegal\" in context to marijuana . The guy behind the counter tells me: \"since this is your first time here, you get a free dap of hash!\" The man who bought the weed gets a free bongrip of straight hashish .
This happened yesterday, but i forgot to write this in my embarrassment . The lady gives me my soda, and my straw. i put the soda in my cupholder and throw the straw on my chair . Then figuring i had actually thrown my food in my chair i drove off .
Yesterday was canadian thanksgiving, a traditional meal meant for an african warrior who just killed a zebra with his 14 inch long johnson . Instead of turkey we had raw chunks of prime beef with a pasty sauce comprised of dried hot peppers and whisky . The toilet will be stained for days after i vomited out my intestines .
i am a gamer but i can't really play/enjoy sports games to save my life! But for some reason my brain does this wierd thing where it always tries to fit in so i act like i have the game so i can be part of the conversation .
My company does a health risk assessment to give people incentives to be healthy . The challenge was to eat 2 burritos in one sitting . i successfully ate both, but i, for some stupid reason, decided to get jalapenos on mine . The worst part is yet to come when i have this sloppy mud-butt shit at work .
i papercut my eye with about 15 pages of paper . i got to an optometrist right away, and was able to take [a picture of a picture] of the damaged area . The yellowy bit is the damaged eye, which is the yellow bit of the damage .
A lot of my extended family was over for thanksgiving dinner . Last night i fell asleep after watching some porn and i hadn't touched my laptop since . Luckily luckily i had made the effort of closing the actual porn website... but i had to clumsily close down three sexual pop-up ads .
i was drunk and trying to have some sexy facetime with my girl, but i accidentally facetimed one of my coworkers wife . The coworker called him to find out wtf is going on and i accept his facetime while i am completely naked . He was confused and today at work he told everyone he saw my man bits .
my ex girlfriend and i were tight den a mu fucka . Only difference is she is tots mcgoats gay and cheated on me with a lady girl she only knew for a week . i got on her facebook and saw that she had been having sex with this girl for like 3 months .
i had downloaded tor so i could browse reddit and whatnot, and put it in my \"s:\\ drive\" 4 years ago, i'm now suspended because the tech at the high school i go to decided to look at my files . Because the drive is stored by the school district, they found tor .
i was cleaning out one of the cabinets for a machine at work when it happened . An arc flash made up of 480 volts of electricity . The hole in the gun was the size of a bullet, and that could have been my arm, my leg, or even my chest .
The grade of the parking lot is maybe 1%, probably less heading back into the road . As i ran out to grab my car it dawned on that i failed to get the car in gear to stop it from rolling . No e-brake was on either . After about .5 seconds of me comprehending everything, i promptly left the 7-11 .
i'm driving in the parking lot that wraps around my apartment complex, with some woods off to the other side . The windshield is shattered, my hood is bent, but just at the front. My bumper may as well not exist because it's falling off. My car was running .
Last month i was admitted to the hospital with a high fever because i was having trouble with a medicine i was taking . While i was in the hospital connected to an iv and went to the bathroom, i passed out the floor was covered in urine, vomit, and diarrhea . Within the next five minutes i heard a scream and a huge vomiting noise soon all the nurses were over there vomiting .
This morning i woke up early (around 6:45) because of restlessness . i didn't expect to pay more than 65/75 for the service... but i have about 150$ in my checking account (i'm a minimum wage research assistant at my school for the summer)
i don't know why, i just know that all of a sudden i'm in the lake and i immediately realize i had my glasses on . The worst part is i felt them hit my foot . It sucks. it sucks. i was too drink to go diving twenty five feet for them .
i puked everywhere. It was on my feet, on the walls, all up the side of the toilet and on the door . The force of my retching, unfortunately, caused me to start shitting wildly again . i actually felt slightly better, so i got up off the toilet, flushed and went to the bath .
After a little push, i had soiled myself so badly that i could barely move without making disgusting squelching sounds . So i decided to gamble, and to my dismay, it was a huge shart . The diarrhoea you wouldn't want to imagine ever having .
Earlier today i left a pepsi in the freezer to cool off. i felt like drinking it later so i didn't think to move it to the fridge before i went to sleep . The moment i touched it, it instantaneously froze . It was on the ceiling, in our cupboards and on the floor 10 feet away from me in our living room .
Around 3 in the morning, i get this bright idea, \"if i shaved my balls, i wouldn't ever have to deal with it's nuisance again.\" i decided to shave *upward* to make sure i get the little follicles out . After several seconds of wondering why my water has turned red, i look down, and to to my horror...*bloody balls*.
This wasn't too recent so forgive me, but i figure it's embarrassing enough to share it . i'm tired as hell, so i'm sitting there trying to keep myself from dosing off due to general tiredness . Eventually it's like the 5th question, i'm sick of waiting and just lay my head down on the desk until the next question .
When i'm wasting time on my computer, i'm usually very fast about it so i can waste the same amount of time doing even more pointless shit . When i actually have to save... my muscle memory **fucks me up the ass with a fifty foot sword****
When i lost grip on my phone and turned around to flush the toilet, i had a lose grip on the phone and so the force of the turn sends the phone flying out of my hands . Luckily it helped long enough for me to call my mom in tears because i could lose all my data and the fact that i stuck my hand in pee .
i told her after class and she just said, \"um, thanks?\" (she is pretty cute, huge ass and very nice breasts. she's pretty skinny too.) She is \"pretty cute\" and \"very nice breasts,\" she says after class, but she just responds .
\"i can breathe new life into these khaki-colored corduroys by dyeing them! How about a nice fall tone - burgundy! yeah!\" i filled the washing machine with hot water and salt, mixing carefully as not to let even one drop of the saltwater mixture splash over - not one! i couldn't be a fool and forget to shake the mixture bottle, so i took off the lid, saw the lid and saw the sealed bottle, and sh----- in my bathroom .
i was pulling an old flat-bed work truck from one of our fleet-customers, out of our shop . As far as i could tell, by watching the corner of the barn, and the mirrors, i had enough room to squeeze through . i was embarrassed, so i just worked the rest of the day pretending it never happened .
The jobless college grader recently graduated from college and is looking for a full-time job . He recently applied to a company called global marketing concepts . After some digging i found out it's actually a scam. You go to these interviews and they make you a door to door salesman for t-mobile .
The tip of my popsicle fell into her cleavage as she was talking to her co-worker . Half of her popsicle falls into her bra as she shakes her shirt so that half of her breast fell down into bra . \"absolutely the most awkward moment ive had in my life and probably will ever have,\" she says .
lesson, you should not try and build things when you're sleep deprived. [there will be blood] lesson, and there will be a blood-inflicted wound on the floor . The lesson: Builders should not be sleep deprived and should not build when you sleep deprived, so you can't sleep deprived .
The left side of the wheel just slid out of the frame causing the right fork of the tire to bend out of place . \"i'm stoked this didn't happen while riding fast, but still that fork is ruined and i may have to buy a new brake,\" he says .
i'm a senior, but i don't have a defined friend group, i drift between the nerds and some of the popular kids . Everyone is judging me for dancing with this chick . Most people are mad that i would \"do something like that to her.\" if she wanted to go she should have said yes\"
The system is being used to help students with a call from a student who has not yet been called . The system has been put together for two weeks, but is still working on the system . It was originally intended to be used by students to contact the student who is currently on the job .
i'm not trying to outdo any of the other tifu stories here, but this just happened to me five minutes ago . Sometimes, i get huge zits inbetween my legs, not at my crotch, but on my inner thighs . Unbeknownst to me, i had apparently knocked my chair over backwards, and as i tried to sit back down, it looked like a scene straight from the three stooges .
i decided to try one of the chillis today, as it was the first time i'd grown them . Then all of the pain shot through me from my genitals and i jumped off the bed crying in pain . i ended up smearing yoghurt into my crotch to make the pain go away .
i babysit up to 6 kids at any time, watching 2 children full time . i finally, after many weeks saved up enough to get some clothes i had been dying to get . It didn't arrive in a box, instead the mailman shoved it into some tiny ass mailbox and gave it to whoever lives in that apartment now . It's obviously too late to change the address, i'll just call my old apartment complex and let them know what happened .
i woke up a day later tied to a bed in a hospital . The hospital cost 66 lats but i have no way to pay it . My visa is being processed and will be ready friday but what if they won't let me on the plane? My sister sent money through western union but i don't have an id so i have to wait .
i slipped on a wet metal grate holding a bottle of wine in my hand . Had to have plastic surgery on his hand after he had plastic surgery . Had a week later [sewed up hand] had to have . surgery on my hand. in to his hand.
i started playing cookie clicker with cookie clickers . i started to play cookies clicker in the game . i got to play the cookies game with Cookie clicker . i'm playing cookies cookies, clicker, and i'm going to play a game of cookies .
\"i don't have any boys!\" my reply \"not yet you dont!\" was supposed to be a compliment . She didn't reply so i thought she fell asleep . i sent her a text at like 4 in the morning saying sorry and how awkward it is now, and that i'm embarrassed .
My mom asks the director if she has a tom jones cd to play because he was my grandmas favorite . The director replies no and i said i could hook up my phone on the pandora station . It was awful i lunged at the phone but the damage was done . i got so many looks from disappointed relatives .
The razor met my finger in the basket on top of the toilet to grab the comb . needless to say it started bleeding a little... then more then more . Being without contacts is painful. very, very painful. Being without contact is painful, very, painful. This happened yesterday .
i recently got a macbook for my film production program which i start next week . When plugged in, both harddrives have the same name when appearing on the screen \"my passport\" The harddrive is identical both of them, when plugged in have same name as one of them .
A lot of people have trouble finding finding the location within the complex where you turn in your papers . After i turn mine in i thought to myself, \"wouldn't it be useful to create a guide so other people could use it.\" The officer takes it and repeats the process for every photo while asking questions like, why are you from?
\"why can't people kill themselves and it not be ok,\" he says . \"Why can't i just die?\" \"i just want to put my gun in my mouth and pull the trigger,\" he writes . \"i'm nothing more than someone creating trash and polluting the earth\"
The youngest son of my cousin is very hypertensive, like run here, run there, play here, and play there . When she returned and ask us if we found him, someone whom behind me says \"no, no, he hasn't found yet\". Then the little jerk inside of me suddenly came out without notice .
Me and my dad usually have political arguments on gay marriage . When i went off, i said, \"if straight people can marry, why can't we?!\" i tried to correct myself with, \"they,\" but he just said yep and walked away . needless to say he's ignored me for the rest of last night .
So i thought, \"hey it's halloween, maybe i can try and hook up with some random girl and it will be fun and awesome.\" Most of the night was lame, couples out together, people not in costume, not many people out in general because it's a thursday, etc, etc. The whole time she was here i felt like the biggest idiot, but she was super nice during the whole ordeal .
i got up after only about 3 hours of sleep, and i was tasked with making the sweet tea . One of the two dispensers had a fine crack toward the bottom, near the nozzle . When i tried to move it, the bottom stayed put while the rest of the glass came free .
We ran out of wrapped candy, so all i had left was a bowl of candy corn . A parent stopped me before i closed my door, asking if i was trying to poison his daughter . After i closed the door, i remembered whose stupid, \"razors in your apples\" suburban myths .
Sister accidentally kneed her big brother in her room . He spent the next fifteen minutes lying on her bed in pain . 'Being a good sister, i offered to let him kick me in the cooch or punch my boobs. he said he will\u2026 but he's not telling me when he will,' he said .
i woke up to a flurry of texts that were full of regret and apologies . i fell asleep the happiest person in the world, and woke up heartbroken . But i didn't know she was drunk, and i worked with her all the time, so there's that .
It was new years eve and i was watching my step-father play a gig with kenny jones the drummer from the who and i had drunk about five ciders . When i got in his car i noticed how bouncy it was and threw up in my mouth a bit and tried to swallow that which made it worse and i eventually threw up all over the back seat of the car .
i just have a vague memory of pissing into something i shouldn't have at like 5 am and someone telling me i was in the wrong room . Luckily, his mother refused to tell him who it was, luckily . i'll tell him when we're older and we'll laugh our asses off .
Pregnant wife woke and asked for a tea when her very pregnant wife asked for tea . Water immediately scalded my lips, tongue and palate . No poop. but tifu.comcommodation.com: \"painful and stupid. just...painful, stupid\"
i'm 22 and i went last night to a fairly new friend on a new year's eve party . The problem was that there were only 3 shot glasses, so i used a normal glass with the ~half of the height of vodka . On 6 in the morning one of the guys called me that they moved on to another party and won't be at the house until afternoon .
my girlfriend and i were making toasts not more than half an hour ago . She toasted to \"ass burps\" and promptly farted . Liquid shit everywhere, so i am sitting on my sofa, and . liquid shat. everywhere. on our sofa .
i'm 20 and my folks let me go to my friend's house party which ended up being a total disaster due to someone inviting high school kids . The house owner who's my best friend really will stick out for me no matter what happens so i said, \"fck it.\" or as the kids say, \"yolo\"
tifu trying to eat an apple . Suddenly, the apple gave way forcing my hand upwards with a crunch and punch to my nose . To everyone else, i was in a fight, to reddit.com... to everyone else... i was . in the middle of the world .
i walked in about 45 minutes later than everyone else and didn't really think it was necessary for me to call anyone about my late presence . As this happens greg (the birthday boy) drives up to his house with the door wide open with clearly over 30 people in it and 5 mexican mariachis dressed in white .
In mid-stream, the inevitable came to pass . The toilet seat fell from it's unstable towel-perch and slammed down on my dick . i don't remember much of what happened later, aside from falling asleep on the way to the hospital to make sure my dick wasn't broken .
i used some of [this]] to give my tuna sandwich a little bit of a kick around an hour ago. Come time for a trip to the bathroom prior to leaving for work, i discover that apparently still had some on my hands. Unfortunately for me, my genitals lit up like the vegas strip, burning up from that lovely capsaicin.
i went to roll my sleeves up rather quickly and my dead skin managed to fly off my shoulder . It was obvious she noticed she noticed, but i avoided eye contact immediately . But she said she wasn't hungry anymore right after, so i knew i knew about my actions .
So, i decided it was time to wash the sheets because i have dryer issues so by the time i was ready for bed i was still sheetless . When i got into bed with the sheet over me and decide it's time for my nightly fap . Then i notice an ant writhing around, obviously wounded by my scratching or leg rubbing, then i scratch my ass and realize i'm scratching an ant bite .
The 401k program is a 401k, with semi-annual increases by 1% topping out at 6%. 50% going to the ira and the rest of that going to stocks/bonds/etc. that was two weeks ago . i'm on it like white on rice thinking of all the things i'm going to be able to do, and then go buy ramen .
i accidentally opened the wrong browser so i exited to use safari . The first tab open is a google search for 'can i get pregnant on my period', projected in huge font for the entire boardroom . Then the rainbow wheel came up so i had to wait for 10 seconds, frantically clicking and moving the mouse .
i work midnights at a gas station so i'm the only one there on most nights . While getting ready with about 10mins until i had to leave i had the need to shit. and i made the mistake of deciding to hold it until after work (hence why i'm posting here)
Some 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works . i actually saw it with the corner of my eye before clicking \"ok\" but it was too late... Luckily, not too many people at work said anything, but the day has just started...
i have this thing where i really get off to my own homemade porn . i just set up the camera, masturbate a little and then watch it as i masturbate again . i usually orgasm both times but exaggerate it the first time for my future self, does that make sense?
The small business i work for pays the government whatever sales tax we collect monthly . In my haste to get everything off of my desk last month i had simply filed the sales tax form instead of sending it off with no check . While we were still trying to figure out what was going on, the guy who *just gave me a raise* and giggled .
The first stop was the place of employment to pick up the drug test paperwork . The worst part was i needed to change my tampon and while changing, blood everywhere! Blood got on my leg, shorts and flip flop . i'm not sure which of us was more embarrassed and told me it happens more often than one would think .
Blogger and associate editor for one of the big lgbt politics & culture blogs . The title of the last post of the day was [\"a cis guy's perspective on #fuckingcispeople\"] The post title was [\"fancinessiness of #fancancancesspeople\"]
i was there having an afternoon stroke, i finished up the job nicely as i've been away on holiday for 2 weeks the payload was a lot larger than normal . All of a sudden i hear my mum coming upstairs so i quickly pull on my trousers and cover up in time she says someones at the door for me so i walk out and down to answer it and there's my friend .
i was in the car with my mom (because i'm that cool) when i noticed him, a split second before he nodded . The gentleman did the \"sup\" sexual head nod . i thought to myself \"i better duck\" and then proceeded to duck down .
i am helping my dad scrap the siding on the house in our driveway . My shorts caught on something, but it was one of the boxes packed so tight with aluminum siding that it wouldn't be able to stuff more in that box . While it was on it, way down, it scraped against my leg, gouged out a one and a half inch long, quarter inch wide chunk of skin .
The hair didn\u2019t even come off, but i\u2019m just glad the skin is still there . i may as well have burned the fur off with a torch . The moral is never put harsh chemicals on your vag!! or your nuts, i guess if you're a dumb person .
i usually poop very day, and recently, it's been getting increasingly difficult to get it out . Recently, i felt the familiar lump in my nethers that means it's time to drop one . The basturd felt like a die from a board game, except twice as big . After i wiped, i tried to look for the basturd to see exactly what it looked like .
i live in a small town with an over zealous police department . While exploring the 100 acres of woods behind our subdivision i found a hand gun . After inspecting it for a few minutes they report back to me that this is a air soft gun, and just looks realistic . It was a good 2 miles out into wilderness, metallic, a bit rusted and muddy .
i got awful stomach pains after i finished the jug and proceeded to throw up . Two or three weeks later i bought some more at the store, thinking the last time i drank it and got sick was from something unrelated, and proceeded it drink it all in the same day again .
My boyfriend and i were making salsa when i was cutting 6 fresh jalapenos . After cutting all of them, my ear felt like it was on fire and i didn't know why so i went to take a cold shower . All of a sudden my eyes and vagina were burning too . My boyfriend looked up online to see how i could get rid of this burning sensation .
i accidentally shot my roommate's 42 inch led tv . It has a 1 inch white bars originating from the point of impact . Now i have to pay a technician to estimate the cost of repair and possibly buy a brand new tv . To afford all these costs,i may have to sell some of my stuff .
i had just moved house to a lovely close knit neighbourhood . In one of the boxes though i stumbled across my darth vadar rollerblades . It felt like i spent my entire childhood whizzing along down the streets at top speeds of 5mph . After about 10 minutes i figured i should take them off but why not just keep them on? i was able to move things around quicker from room to room, plus it was pretty fun .
It's friday evening and i'm stuck in school in drama boosters . Right there is my friend who was right in the middle of kissing his girlfriend . They freeze, i freeze. I'm so socially awkward that i mumble something about the lights and switch them off, leaving them in total darkness, then nope'd the fuck out of there .
i was all excited about [this bad boy right here] then looked in my pc case to see i do not have pcie 3 slots, i had pcie 2 slots . Then, i tried to cancel it via ups to get my refund from newegg.com . i call them to talk to a guy, and my cat knocks over my tarantula tank .
Last night for thanksgiving, my grandma wanted to make mini cheesecakes for dessert . Each of us made their own cheesecake . Grandmother used nilla wafers as crust and canned cherries . Everyone starts coming over for dessert, i tell them grandma and i had a baking competition and they have to judge .
When i left the closet, the kids were still looking for 16 year old nephew. found him in the closet that i was just in .edit: we are related by marriage, not blood. We are related to marriage by marriage and not blood, he writes . We're related to each other by marriage .
So, basically, i was messing with my phone, and i found a setting . curiosity got me and i activated it, so now i can't do anything on my phone . So now i cannot do shit on my mobile phone, so i could not do it on your phone .
The teacher was explaining how girls are getting stoned in afghansitan, where i laughed because i thought of the other stoned . She eventually had to explain why i laughed and explained why i had to be forced to explain . The teacher's death stared me and i eventually explained why she laughed .
i came across a post by the wonderful couple /u/testing78378 and [this superpost] of theirs . The pictures were printed from the office printer, which is a network printer connected to the internet . Since it's a small office, two of the ones working here are a married couple, the my boss kind of knows who printed the photos .
molten metal went flying across the kitchen when a stream of molten metal landed on the counter and all over the floor . Left huge scorch marks everywhere it landed . Last year i overflowed the sink and wrecked the laminant floor and the basement roof and a basement roof .
My nephew wanted me to teach him some tricks with the yoyo so i decided to show the most basic one of all walking the dog . Upon trying this trick i hit myself in the nuts and then my 5 year old nephew learned a new word mother fucker .
i passed out two hours before the feast and woke up two and a half hours after it started . i managed to cook half of the green beans before passing out, so i brought them, and a bottle of sake too . i sat in the corner pigging out, ashamed of myself, consoled by drunk friends and by the free beer .
The exam was over sncc.com . The topic was global protest, and this was going to be easy as a history major . My last chance to turn it in was 9am this morning . The paper was posted online, and i forgot about it till 1:30am now.
The hamster exploded within 42 seconds of putting him in the microwave . The three-year-old's daughter (who is three) absolutely feel in love with buddy . She decided it would be breaking the one rule i gave her, but she would see it as saving the poor hamster from the freezing temperatures of the house .
My side of the family gets to have today while her side gets xmas . She is now giving me the cold shoulder and i don't know what else i can do . i have no idea what to do about what i did to do right now . She's now giving her cold shoulder .
The original worker didn't want to work on black friday so i picked it up to make some cash . The girl apparently misunderstood the staffing situation, and told me the opposite of what i'm supposed to do . Now i'm probably facing some sort of disciplinary action from my work and there is nothing i can do to avoid it .
My dorm room's door lock is the push-in sort, so when it hits the wall with moderate force, it locks . After taking out contacts and ready to call it a night that the knob isn't budging one bit . After walking to another residence (10 minutes one-way) in the dark on somewhat dimly lit streets on a cold night, i managed to borrow a down jacket from a roommate .
i overdrifted and took out a stop sign before jamming drive and reverse to get away . The sign fell out from under the car and i drove it home to tell my mom . i feel like the biggest fuck up ever and i really dont want anyone to know that im such a dumbass .
i was on a good bit of lean and whiskey at this folk concert in new orleans, New Orleans . About 6 or 7 of us all singing \"can i smell yo dick\" really loudly over and over again . The two girls next to me start singing it really loudly .
Faggots is the name of a popular dish where i'm from . Last week i bought a pack of mr brain's frozen pork faggots (along with some marrowfat peas) i was watching the first few episodes when the smell started to waft from my dreams . My housemate (from that london) went ballistic .
i knew that the doors were already locked since it was 1 in the morning . When the alarm went off, i left the building, looked for anyone who might see me, and then left when i saw that the coast was clear . Since it records who swipes in, he is going to find out . i don't know what i did to set off the alarm .
i hadn't shaved it before, so the hairs were quite long . After a few snips i suddenly felt a stinging pain in my ballsack . It took about 10 minutes to get the bleeding to stop, but i'm okay now . It wasn't too deep, it was just painful, as well as terrifying knowing that i had just cut off some of my scrotum .
The accident happened at a warehouse in a warehouse . One day while working i dropped what must have been 20 pounds of books into the tote with the scanner in my hand . When i did this, i saw black spots for a second like what normally happens when you hit your nose...but i didn't just hit my lip .
As part of my class activities, we all went trekking . We all had to walk 5+ miles with these painfully heavy backpacks, and it was boiling hot . The whole class got annoyed with me because i was too weak to trek with that heavy backpack . When we reached our second camp... i forgot to pack any food .
i worked on it the morning it was due, emailed the progress to myself and decided to finish it during my class break . When i went back 3 hours later, they were still stuck in the computer lab . Luckily, when i went to my car that evening, i realized that my usb drive (to which i saved my second final draft to and to which my keys are attached to) was somewhere in the lab .
The ta has been grading my stuff and putting it in the other guy's box all semester . The rest of the class thought this was hilarious (which is) i've never met my actual ta. i've not met my ta. I've never talked to the actual ta .
This woman is a friend of her boyfriend's family, she drove him to the hospital once when he busted his face open when he was 7 . She shared it on facebook and listed some of the things that were incorrect in the video . She sent me a long message about how rude i am, how i only think the video is wrong because i'm atheist and i need to stop pushing my beliefs onto people .
i was up with the lark, had a shower and decided to wear a light top under a sweater for work . Top was on a heater drying overnight after being laundered yesterday . It was also being pissed on by either of my two male cats - on the left sleeve . The offending item of clothing was under layers of sweater and coat .
i farted at the same time and i realized a couple seconds later that i had shit my pants . Today was probably the worst day i have ever had so far, writes a story of how i had shaken my pants and\u00a0farting\u00a0my pants .
i slept commando so there was nothing between me and the white hotel sheets . i jumped out of bed as soon as it happened but it was too late . The sheets look a little like someone had a period on them so i am hoping they think that instead\u2026.and don't notice they smell like crap .
i noticed these large mold spots and condensation inside the bag of bread i just used . The bread had an expiration date of about half a month ago . The next 3 hours were spent in the bathroom vacating everything within my system . The 3am wake up call via lower intestine .
i bet there's a special place in hell for suitcase-swinging-toddler-hitters like me . At the end of one of my connecting flights, i pulled my suitcase from overhead bin without looking behind me . i don't remember how many apologies i stuttered to the family, but that mom was pissed .
i was watching the guy at the counter and not my cup . In my panic to quickly clean up the mess i stuck the straw and cap on the drink . The guy from the counter had to come out with a mop and after apologizing i fled from the store with my face red than the slushie .
i've been plagued by a terrible case of scabies . The next magic trick to get rid of the little buggers was to pour half a bottle of cayenne pepper into a hot bath . Within 45 seconds of lowering my itching body into the red vat of pepperous lava that awaited my delicate skin .
i had exactly $4 in my cup-holder so i decided it was a sign and went in to wash my car . But the timer ran out just as i was finishing foaming it up . i ended up doing a drive of shame through my small town, where everybody knows each other .
i told him to admit it, that he wanted to be the filler in a hobo sandwich . At one point, he replies, pasting his message with a hearty \"no\" note . He can't talk, his face is red and he's holding his mouth closed, and now he's trying to figure out if he can edit or delete the note .
My friend was having sex with his girlfriend when his dick ripped through the wall of her vagina, tore her open her rectum . It was kinda funny how he explained it to the emts, doctors and her parents . This is not my friend, this is a true story from my friend last night .
while crossing the street i heard a voice yell at me from a car . Without looking i yelled back \"watch where you're walking!\" and yelled back . The next thing i know i hear sirens go off and two cop cars right there right there . Next thing i hear .
the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day . The perfume bitterness resides in his gums . The bitterness now lives in my mouth so i'm enjoying the taste of the bitter bitterness all day. The bitter bitterness now reside in my teeth .
In need of a change i decided to go from dark brown hair to a light blonde and bright orange colour combo . When i finished and went to wipe it off it revealed [this] a three inch, misshapen, ejaculating penis . When cleaning everything up i also managed to throw the bottle against the white bathroom door .
An ex-coworker who i will call \"lisa\" asked if she hear a little girl laughing . The eviltron went off when she came back from the bathroom but my in-office co-worker realized i had put it in there and was playing along with the gag . The device said 'can you hear me?' and it startled her .
My roommate went out partying with her friends and her friend's friends (people i had never met) i'm usually cool in these situations because even though i feel uncomfortable with people i don't know being literally right outside my door . While i was doing this i noticed some of the people outside were speaking a different language (not english or spanish) didn't go over well .
i have two roommates where i live and last night one of them wasn't home . The cream of the crop was liking the page \"penis enlargment\". The consensus was in: we were geniuses. We changed multiple parts of our dear roommates facebook page .
i decided to rip a page out of packet and light it on fire . The fire grows a little too much for comfort and i ended up throwing it out my window to save my room . My parents then come upstairs and ask my what that smell is and my only explanation is that i was burning a piece of paper on my desk .
The worst part is, i know exactly where they are on a bus, going anywhere else but to me . i also lost my watch, failed a test, and the stress of finals is all adding up . The stress is adding up, and i know where they're going to be on the bus .
i'm on spring break her parents go to her brothers baseball game that's an hour away but take separate cars . Her mom knows i'm in the house, drives home and asks my gf if i was there . Her nosy neighbor saw me walk into the house and knew her parents were out, and called her mom . i want to apologize in person, come clean, and try to retain what ever man in me .
No long explanation needed, simply a lack of sleep lately causing my brain not to work . Just a little bit of sleep caused my brain to not work! i didn't even have a mug out!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i'm gonna leave it like this...
i always flip on the bathroom light (which makes me squint), grab my toothbrush, apply toothpaste, sit on the crapper, and drain my bladder whilst brushing my teeth . This morning i grabbed the tube of prep h by mistake, but it still made me gag .
The story is basically a win because the guy still talks to me . The next morning i wake up smelling god awful and retreat to my house to hide in shame . \"i'm so drunk i get \"lost\" i am now covered in puke, and trying to describe my location to a friend from earlier .
\"i have ibs for most of my life,\" i've had more emergency stops at fast food restaurants, truck stops, and convenience stores than i count . i get lost and end up in the busy bar district of a big city on a saturday night . The cramps hit and i felt like i was giving birth to a bowling ball out of my ass, and he was snoring contentedly in the passenger seat .
It was not intentional, i was doing the ol' facebook when i saw this picture of a girl who goes to college with me . After finishing i looked at the description and comments . To my horror i found that this was not the girl i thought it was, it was her younger sister .
i was up late last night, filling out job applications, and got into the drop box to get my old resume-just in case i needed the references . And found the porn folder . i don't mind porn, i have porn, but i don\u2019t get on web cam pages and fucking talk to people .
The computer shut off when i was trying to follow one of the cords from my psu, i wiggled one to get around it . So, i decide \"well, now that it's off i can at least do a full wire tuck and make it look nice\"
Last night i went to bed with friends and watched some porn . When i got to bed, i used the ipad to watch some porn videos . i'm waiting for my friend to have a word, i'm still waiting for her to be heard from the internet . i have not yet been able to explain why i'm using it .
i was on my laptop at the table with my coffee in front of the keyboard . The phone rang and as i got up from the table, my big boobs pushed the coffee onto the laptop . i'm usually not too careful about liquids near my computer, hence the coffee spill .
My girlfriend and i are both 16 and i've been \"official\" since february 26th and she's met my parents and i's met hers . When i see a dark figure out of the corner of my right eye and my heart stops . My dad says he is dissapointed in me and i'm certain he doesn't respect me or her as much anymore . She calls her best friend (my best friend's gf)
Nothing was dry [nothing was dry] at the time of the dryness of dryness. [nothing] was dry. [Nothing was dry, but nothing was dry.] The story is about to be released on CNN.com/ iReport.com . Back to the page you came from .
i said ok to a few friends coming over while i was at a lil wayne concert . Ended up being a rager, which pissed me off since i came home early to clear them out . Parents found out about the party and the fact he lied, saying he was too sick to go with them, which was to help my sister move in .
i'm in vacation in california, so as always we bring our surfboards and longboards . When we were coming back (uphill) my flip flops keep falling off my feet so i took both them off and went for it . After i made it back to ny car my feet burned and i could feel cuts all over it .
The prefix.pch makes it apply to the whole app . Hours later, i compiled and ran and ran the program . Error errors, everywhere, all errors, all of the errors, just one error from the app's prefix. pch. This makes the prefix apply to your app's app's whole app.
i just found out i have a class that meets thursday nights and tuesday nights, smack dab dab dab in the middle of my girlfriend's birthday dinner at her favorite restaurant . She was planning on going with her whole family and they invited me, and it's the first dinner i was going to have with her .
i had been on the laptop, watching youtube videos, when i decided i should make a vine of me eating a pancake with a spoon . We lost our desktop computer to a virus my little bro gave it by trying to get minecrft for free . i panicked and try to clean up the mess with napkins, which partially worked .
For the past few classes this 8/10 has sat across the lecture hall from me . The girl said, \u201cah i love 4chan\u2019 did not know how to react and kept reading only to burst out laughing at the post but she thought it was at her, told me if i didn't want her to sit next to me i could have said so and walked to the other side of the class .
i'm glad i left, but i didn't exactly plan for it to happen, so now it's back to scrimping for a while till i get a new one . My boss is a bitch and i hate her for pushing me that far . Wish i kept my cool, but this shit had been going on for too long .
The events that transpired took place on sunday morning but it has taken me this long to deal with the repercussions of said fuck ups . Today i break the norm and put the tl;dr first first . The tifu is scrawled on the tear stained inside cover of the book that i was reading in the airport when i decided i should post this . The woman says she's horny and wants to fool around in the hotel bath room .
i decided to rip a piece of foam from some scaffolding in the street . The officer shouts at me and in my drunken state i thought i was in serious trouble so i ran . Then i turn back and see a bright fluorescent arm come from no where and i'm laid out on the floor .
i was at a party out at a friend's house . The male of the couple has had a couple of mixed drinks so he's a wee bit toasted and we get to chitty chatting . He dares me to try and light my cigarette in the campfire . As i finally get close enough to the fire, a plume of fire bursts up and catches my face .
A friend of mine thought it would be funny to make the spacedicks banner my background . But didn't know it would project to the big tv as well as the video of the lol lcs stream on the living room . The picture was made by a friend of a friend who thought it was funny .
When raised with a lady in the house you gotta remember to put the toilet seat down . When you're raised with fifteen ladies let me tell you it's a way of life. They do not forgive, you do *not* forget . But i wish i could forget the toilet rules or my dumb ass would be singin' a different tune .
i was sitting in my mancave submitting stolen content to youtube when my son pissed me off so bad that i lit my beard on fire to scare him off . The water bill was already seven thousand dollars because i hate my wife and prefer to spend most of my leisure time in the shower having a nice soak .
The next day i realized it wasn't just a fluke . The girl had heard what i said, as her high estimate of distance between us was quite poorly done . She uncomfortably turned around and looked at me, and just then, i stuck my tongue out as far as i could and scrape the ash off of it .
i asked my dad if there was any butter on porn then quickly corrected myself and said corn . i thought i would share it with you guys, also thought it was kinda funny . It was awkward for me and i'm not sure if he noticed he noticed or not .
A year ago, my dad asked him if he could get a swiss army knife . After slicing a bagel in half when i cut too far and slice my hand open again . After surgery, i had to go through extensive rehabilitation to make sure that my pinky was moving properly and they didn't screw anything up .
My girlfriend and i were participating in sexual acts, but i felt the need to fart . When we were done, we layed in bed for a bit, and she went under the blanket to give me some head, as she was still horny . It was the most fowl smelling fart ever .
i just got home from work, and decided to wash my cares away with a hot, cleansing shower . As i bent down to get my laptop from the kitchen, i heard infantile screams echo across my apartment complex . \"she's naked oh my godddd!!!\" screamed the gaggle of junior high-aged kids outside my open kitchen window blinds .
i was looking at some funny memes while drinking some dr. pepper. Then, all of a sudden, i  start laughing . However, i decided to swallow the soda, making me have a 5 minute long coughing fit . Not a total fuck up, but bad .
i, being an asshat, totally forgot and decided to barricade the door . She cried when she got out of the door and i left in shame . i left the door in shame, i left it in shame. She cried at the end of the day .
i bought a reese's crispycrunchy bar and a zero for the boyfriend . Caramel was right in the description under the name...caramel was the name under the description of the bar . The bar was created 77 different candy bars while only 3 colors for their packaging .
The professor just gives me a long look, gets up and hands me the papers back . The first thing that comes out of my mouth is; \"i'm so sorry!\" again, everyone stares at me. again, some laugh . Moral of the story; empty handbag more often. look at papers before you give them away .
$20 for a glorious 8-inch silicone rod of pleasure! it even has a suction cup! and it comes in blue! The thing practically ordered itself. The entire god damn thing lifted up a good foot or so from where it should be . Unbeknownst to me it's adhesive power of nuclear grade duct tape and the toilet tank lid came along for the ride .
The basset hound has been obsessed with his ipod . While i was relieving myself, my butt-head of a dog decided it was a great time to chew my ipod (and the case i use to protect it) He shattered the screen, and it no longer turns on .
The porn star's cock is one of the worst things he's ever seen in the world . The first time he's seen, i'm going at it, not even remembering the last time i spilled my cock . The second round of spunk was one, and the second was a second, and it was a disaster .
The most audible fart i have ever had in my life, to the point i could hear it over my headphones . This was last night while i was on the situp machine she walked over and started working out in front of me . She instantly looked over and i started looking for a large rock to climb under .
it was while i was brushing my teeth, too, too . i was doing it while i brushed my teeth . It was during i was brushed with my teeth and i was also brushing her teeth . i had to brush my teeth while i had a toothbrush brush .
i am a terrible person. i am so sorry tony the cat. i should be ex-communicated from reddit.com . The cat made a weird noise like if you were hitting a small bongo and that bongo also was a cat, i realized then that i punched tony .
i'm q senior in higjschool and we were visiting a college in the area as a class field trip . There was two doors with a clear glass window the same size as the two doors in the middle of the building . i smack into it full speed and my entire class sees, it made a loud noise,  i i got a huge lump on my forehead .
i was taught that you respect animals, even if it didn't effect the end product (a stressed animal gives shitty meat), it's just *the right thing* (no tyson chicken for me!) even so much as hitting a dog is something that nobody but a subhuman fuck-head would do, unless it's a quick swat .
i'm doing a buddy read of mockingjay (third hunger games) with a good friend . Turn out i am pretty bad at reading and also bad at ordering books from amazon.com . Whoever sold this to me: i hope that $8.54 was worth it, you scumbag.
i forgot to bring myself a pen and highlighter for a test 2 weeks prior . i ended up having to bs 2 pages worth of multiple choice questions just to have time for to get the materials for an essay that sooner came with it . Unfortunately my teacher is one of those people who will chew you out for forgetting your stuff, and basically said i'd have to sacrifice the time i had left (once i'm finished)
\"customer\" complains about his landlord, the landlord won't shovel the walk when it snows, won't fix anything and would rather smoke cigarettes than collect rent . \"So you're looking for a dead wife?\", she replied, \"don't be condescending. don't make fun of me\"
i was (trying to) pee in a long line of urinals today. unfortunately, i let out a rather boisterous fart . Instead of laughing, most of the people remained extremely silent . Worst of all, everyone that was in my class so there was no getting away from them .
i had rain pants on but everything was a bit damp and sticky . In doing so, i accidentally pulled my shorts and undies down in the process . The director of my program was stepping out of his car, with my pasty ass pointed right at him . He abruptly took off allowing me no opportunity to explain or make light of the situation .
i got so stressed of the approximate 40 friends looking at us so i got really stressed up and he just beat me up without me actually trying to defend myself . i think the main thing i got wrong was showing my fear. My mouth was really dry, my mouth was dry .
When i was in kindergarten, i was infamous for having a couple tattoos and would reveal them if she bent down or rolled up a sleeve . One day she decided that she would give out washable tattoos as a prize if you got a math question right . When i lifted the back of her shirt, revealing her tramp stamp and yelled \"found them!\" she got really angry and put me in timeout for the rest of the day .
i woke up at 6:30 in the morning, and i didn't have school until 11:30 am. It was a half day at my school today . i'm going to fail all of my classes because of it, unless i can get some excused . i stay home a lot, because i get bad anxiety .
i'm a navy sailor, which means i wear a uniform at work . This uniform has a hat (spoken \"cover\") associated with it, which i am not normally allowed to wear inside . Chief dismissed us, there would definitely be some urgent travel to the head .
i felt like i had to fart real bad then i let it happen then i shit myself . i said to my friend \"dude i just crapped my pants\" i took a shower and the rest of the day i prayed for it to not happen again, i prayed .
i sat by a girl in class and was planning to ask her out, but today things got weird... so today she wasnt at school and i was texting her durring class and everything was going well, but then durring lunch i decided to go home and get super high and when i was high i called her and she didnt pick up and i caled multiple times .
The crock pot was left covered in mold and covered in a bath of dish soap and water . The pot is covered in the walls of blue mold, cascading down into a congealed mass of brain tissue-esque fungi . After cleaning the pot, i decided to put it in a tea bag in there for good measure .
i got a speeding ticket going 84 in a 70 on my way to school . i was saving for a nexus 5 because this current phone i have is mostly broken . i had to set aside car payments and gas money for the winter months on top of that . On top of the list, i had been saving a Nexus 5 phone because of a broken phone .
i decided it would be a great idea to cut up an entire brick of cheese and eat it with chips and salsa on sunday . Best part is i have a speech in the morning, i have this terrible feeling that the big, bad, brown snake is going to exit at the worst possible time .
/u/<<username censored> decides to text my girlfriend about my plans to break up . One of the pictures contained a number, and said number was in fact my girlfriend's . After many, frantic pms back and forth he convinced me that he wasn't lying and that i was in deep shit .
While taking a shower, i, for some reason decided i wanted to try to stick my navel in the shower knob type handle . While doing this, my penis touched the cold glass shower door and i shrieked and slipped in the tub . Now my neck and my ass are in pain .
i woke up this morning and my phone notified me that ten emails, saying message not delivered . Around 9 o'clock i got an email asking \"is this real or spam?\" this was when i remembered about those failed ten messages . An email had been sent to not just everyone in my contacts, but to every thread i have ever been part of the last two years .
i was supposed to take three internships, 4 month each, in labs in the u.s., australia and scandinavia . One requirement was to get a doctors note that i got all the necessary vaccines . The deadline to hand in was today and i don't have it, which puts my rank automatically to the lowest possible .
i ended up getting a black eye from it and had to live down the shame of telling the story to my family and friends . When i threw down the screwdriver, i missed the dirt, the handle hit the brick flew back up and hit me in the eye .
This was actually years ago, but as a teenager who didn't care about separating my laundry, i washed and dried my mcdonalds uniforms with whatever i happened to have dirty dirty . Apparently one of my socks was stuck inside my pantleg, an as i was working, it slid down to be hanging out by my shoe..of course working with mostly girls, giggles were had at my expense .
After a tough day at work, i decided to have a glass of wine while finishing up my final project for the class . After a couple glasses of wine i decided i was done schoolwork for the night . Professor asked why i had not participated in the on line discussion . If i get less than a c, i will not graduate in May .
i'm yelling down the hall to my husband that i have to run out and to watch the baby . Then i shove my arms up the sleeves and push my head through the hole as hard as i can. except i'm blocked . After kicking our computer chair into our bedroom door my husband finally came to save me from the attack .
we're moving house but can't move directly into our new one . Everything has to go into storage and friends houses by monday for a time . Everything that can fit in my car in the space left was the brushes and mop. my so has not stopped going on about it .
After roasting a bunch of duck large i had a very nice pan of fat . After dinner i put it back on the heat to liquefy it so i could strain it and freeze it . But i forgot about it and filled the apartment with smoke . Now it's burned and useless .
An autistic kid in a wheelchair gets potatoes in his wheels . He hits a kid who walks like walt jr. in brba, in braba.com.com: \"that sucked. That sucked. that sucked. It's a terrible thing that happened. It was a high school lunch .
A friend and i are sitting in a pep rally . So we started texting each other random shit . So just for the sake of being stupid, i texted, \"hey he-man you better put your dick away. you could get in trouble\" turns out his parents regularly check his texts .
Last night i decided to make pot brownies . It started to kick in while i was making dinner and it fully kicked in by the time i was finished . It was so intense i had to lay down and not talk, i stayed that way until 10pm last night and then went to bed .
Back to Mail Online home . Back to the page you came from a shoe store . Back in college, i'm very helpful and also very annoyed when ignored . The middle aged man (ah = asshole) was admiring our fine selection of fashionable footwear . He waved his wife over and started signing with her about the shoes he wanted .
i'm doing last minute work on the endocrin system for anatomy and physiology class . i feel my stomach rumbling and lean over to let a silent fart out . i lean over and fart again and this time it's worse . i remember that i had cheese grits for breakfast but it was only a small bowl .
i was half asleep still, and as i shoved back under the duvet after turning off my alarm, i clocked myself right on the dick . It bloody hurt! it bloody hurt. i was just half asleep and i was asleep still . i was  half asleep, and i shoved my hand back under\u00a0the duvet\u00a0after turning off an alarm .
Last night some friends and i got absolutely wasted . i woke up this morning to find that i missed my first class and had a test in an hour . i remembered that i had 2 36mg concerta that i was saving thinking that it would help my hangover and help my focus on my test . Half way to school it starts kicking in .
A few hours ago, i was skyping with my friend, her sister once gave her a really painful kick in the girl-parts while she was holding her down at the dentist . After a little girl kicked her feet for a bit, her shoe came down... hard... right on my left testicle .
i work with this guy, big stoner, so we connected on that from the beginning . He got out of the car and said \"don't mistake friendlyness\", and walked away . i responded with a heartfelt heartfelt \"everything i said yesterday was a joke, i was just playing around\"
The ring i designed from the band to the stones (and the matching wedding band, also designed by me) took her ring off days ago, maybe last week . She said she didn't know who i was right now, and needed to have her head clear to think . Today i went back to work (furloughed fed) and left her a cute note .
The story has become part of my group's lore; gets brought up way oftener than i prefer . i'm 16/17, almost finished comprehensive school (high school). There's no cinema in our two-bit town, we have to get the train to a slightly bigger neighbouring one . She says she wanted to say no earlier but didn't want to hurt my feelings .
i'm 6'4\", and she put me at the front of the row, so instead of moving me to the back, she told me to slouch down and hunch over my desk, to the point where my nose was inches from the paper . She then proceeded to chime in and say \"oh just like the bible!\" she glared at her for a good 30 seconds and walked away .
The maintenance guy had to call in another guy to rewire the loading dock access to get into the building to let me in . Had to sit in that enclosed space for an hour and 45 minutes for 45 minutes . \"Fucking today. fuck today,\" says the maintenance guy .
My best friend is home for the first time in four months (she lives two hours away) so we decided to get super high . Fast forward a few minutes and i am in the bathroom wondering how i am going to  change clothes without my husband or best friend wondering what the fuck i am doing .
Last week, i remembered that my dad's birthday was coming up and decided to be a doll and send him a few of the books on his amazon wishlist . But i failed to realize that i still had items sitting in my cart from a few months ago, when i was planning on trying out some new, ahem.....*products*.
The force of of me throwing up also caused me to shit my pants . As i am running down steep stairs i slip on my own filth and hit my head on the steps knocking myself out . i spent the rest of the day with my head in a bucket and my ass on the shitter .
During the last semester i stopped drinking and partying in order to make my parents proud . In order to celebrate my successs i bought a bottle of vine and some chocolate for myself and just wanted to have a nice evening . Suddenly i noticed that i had pulled to hard and the knife had slipped from the cork . Luckily it turned out that my reaction seemed to be some kind of stabbing motion .
Yesterday was like the worst day of my life! So i went to the bar to have a few beers . It's about 8:30 am. The ceiling has fallen down and i guess i left the water running for a while . This still counts as my worst week ever .
i was at the train station when i noticed a vending machine had a 2\u20ac credit . When i falls down a lady comes up and checks the machine and was like my bottle of water didn't fall . She wouldn't be take it and left... now i feel bad... plus it's like 35\u00b0c outside...
The apple had this green and white mushy mushy core for a core . The apple was so strong i can smell it, and it smelt like dirt . i spit it out, throw it away . Now im having shooting pains in my stomach, now my belly hurts really bad .
A few months ago someone at my school committed suicide, the 2nd one in less than a month . One of them said \"everyone hates you!\" in a joking manner . i said (oh jesus...), \"careful, we don't want another one!\" both their faces immediately went serious and they walked away .
i went to the loo whilst baking the damn cheescake . But i didn't notice that after i cleaned my arse, it was still dirty and so were my hands . More's my pity, the brown chocolate matched with the poo. and now i have an infection .
i lost my bike and my cellphone today . Who ever would steal a crappy pink and blue bike from the 80s meant for a 10-year-old girl is a sick person and they suck. Don't steal bikes. Who would steal the bike from a crappy 80s bike .
After a burger king meal, i felt something wrong, my stomach shouldn't rumble this much after a small meal, but i thought it was just gas . After some thinking, i decided to let it rip...only it wasn't a fart... only it was liquid running down my leg . Luckily it was a puddle of shit in my shorts and underwear .
The story is about a trip to the U.S. to relieve the pain of the pain . The story was made by a woman who is too scared to post on reddit . The author says she is too afraid to post it on the internet . She says she's too afraid of being sick to post the story .
When i entered the room, i was shocked seeing him so thin and ill, that i didn't know what to say . The first thing that came out of my mouth was \"is everything ok with you?\". as soon as i said it... i noticed what i was asking... of course he wasn't ok!! he was dying...
Early this morning, i had awoken to find myself with my hairbrush covered in toothpaste and lots of pain in teeth . All of this was done **in my sleep****. i'm pretty ashamed of myself reddit, i dun goofed. reddit.com .
\"dude, you don't have to shake your snake so damn hard that it's neck breaks,\" he says . The guy shook his snake so hard that he slung one drop of his urine over the privacy barrier . After he left, it also occurred to me that i had not re-zipping of his pants - so ... i hope is is not flashing anyone .
i meant to go from my grandparents' house in mass to my own house near concord, new hampshire, but apparently i missed an exit somewhere and didn't realize until i saw a big \"welcome to maine!\" sign. How did i manage to miss nh??
The shower isn't the roomiest. i can't go a day without causing mass destruction of shampoo bottles while trying to reach for the body wash . i get halfway through shaving the lower half of my leg when i know exactly what's about to go down: me. i lost my balance, began to slip, and smacked my head into the wall .
i had to get up to go to the bathroom but instead of going and making my business i found myself staring at a horrible starshaped mark made by my pussy . Luckily luckily did did my sister not realize it was wetness since she'd had so much sweat on the cushion that it was .
My wife and i both have discovered vine recently and i have been trying to get her to make adult content for weeks . This morning after some banter i convinced her to, later in the day do it . It was this moment i relized i had actually switched screens and just sent it to my boss .
i'd been sleeping with my wife's best friend for a while . Out of anger she threatened to tell my wife of our affairs . Well, she put all her weight on one of his balls, and put all its weight on it till it popped . She threw up, got lightheaded and passed out of pain in his sack .
lock isn't broken but paperclip is now stuck . Two seconds into this maneuver, i realized it was a bad decision, and already too late to fix . Always on friday, too, too... always on fraternary, too. Always on Friday, too .
the master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign . The master cylinder goes without warning, and his car almost rear-ended a minivivan . The Master cylinder went off without warning .
i was riding the bus home after working a 12-hour night shift without much sleep before work . The combination of falling asleep and the vibrations from sitting over the rear wheel of the bus commissioned a rigid, throbbing, leaning tower of mushroom meat in my pants . The middle aged, southeast asian lady occupied the seat next to me, her legs awkwardly touching mine and her breast rubbing against my arm with every pothole .
stop adding disclaimers to your posts . Just tell me the story. just tell me what happened. i don't care when it happened. Just tell my story. Stop adding a disclaimer to your post. It's unnecessary and annoying. just tells me what happens to you .
Every time i go to this house i have to crap - can't explain that . This one time i was at this particular house downtown chicago (river north) i had to drop one badly . As usual, i go up to the third floor master bathroom and have myself a seat . Just then i hear a commotion downstairs. It is a real estate agent there to show the place .
The only thing i like is the new safari browsing browsing. which as my boyfriend pointed out is a rip off chrome. It doesn't have the sophisticated look to it that apple signature just has. It's horribleness. The colors just sucks. Everything just sucks .
When i go to the bathroom for his nightly ablutions and feel that familiar urge, i plop myself down, whip out the phone, and get myself settled in for a satisfying poop . After a good 40 minutes with no progress, i'm starting to have the terrible fear that i'm going to pop a brain aneurysm and die on the shitter .
i was about 10 minutes into the brushing when the incident occurred . The contents of my mouth (at least 2 fluid oz at this point) shot straight up, striking my nose and covering the mirror / faucet / wall with the tooth paste, spit and snot .
The main plot is a parallel between a kid on drugs and his mom also on drugs . i gave her the warning that there is copious amounts of drug use and a sex scene so don't watch it with your parents . After class ended and on the way home i remembered the sex scene .
i've been talking to this girl for a while . She recently broke up with her boyfriend . This means that she's been flirting with me more than she actually was . She's always been going on about self harm and how no one loves her and she'd be better off dead . She didn't reply to my text last night because she fell asleep .
An ex-girlfriend lives about an hour from her frat house, with a full understanding that sex will be involved barring some extreme circumstance or fuckup . We stop dead in our tracks, have a ten minutes discussion on the implications of having sex, that ends with her saying \"okay, let's go\"
i'm not one of the good swimmers, but i still go because it's a good way to exercise . On my last dive, i didn't tuck my chin down and went face first . awkwardly, i quickly walked to my towel and proceeded to bleed all over that .
The boys, (6 &amp;amp; 9) distracted by cartoons as is their custom if they're up early enough . When youngest opens door i hear mixed sounds of cartoons and obnoxious porn . After many failed attempts at finding right video- get at it! turn volume up, still nothing .
The plumbing for this toilet is really bad which forces me to flush at least 4 times before the water is clear . As i was going down i hear someone turning the door knob... the door opens and this girl is just standing there trying to make sense of what's going on . As soon as those words left my mouth, she closed the door and ran .
now i look like an idiot. now iLook like a stupid idiot. Now i'm looking like a fool, i'm not an idiot . Now i looks like a joke.com will be made up of i'm in the U.S. and i'm going to hell.com.com .
roommate got a kitten a few weeks back, it's about 8 months old . The damn thing is awful cute but would not stop attacking me . After a big freakout in which she put up another divider between our rooms . i don't get to interact with the cat anymore, and am not talking to roommate .
A year ago, i've been trying to convince myself that i'm not romantically interested in girl, despite the fact that i've caught myself looking at her in a way that i typically reserve for lovers . Last time i was in town (october) we ended up having sex, after which she drove me to the airport and we said our goodbyes .
i teach english abroad and this had been a topic of conversation in a hostel dorm room for several people . She went into a rant about how all english teachers do is rape their children, rape their students, rob their host countries, and neglect to learn the culture or language .
i was jacking off in the shower when it shot out. This time, i didn't bother aiming, so it got all over my roommate's soap, shampoo, face wash, and loofah . Just looked at his stuff tonight and there's all this red mildew growing on it now .
i've always been terrible at writing and reading in general which is why i am a science major . The reason i suck at writing analytical essays is because i can't analyze text . The same week it was due i had 3 very difficult midterms for my major so i told her how difficult of a week id been having .
The owner had been right behind me as i yelled like a crazy bitch at his empty car . He had a damn fsm sticker on his car and may have just been an awesome person who had a bad day too. To add insult to injury, he had a good fsm .
After gutting my bathroom, i decided to take a shower and shove my hand between my ass cheeks . After hours of the remolding, i took a shower . The shower head and shove it in my ass still itches . No relief. cold water. No relief .
Trypophobia is the fear of asymmetrical holes (warning: don't google this).\" Without hesitation i googled the phobia and now my whole body is itching, i can't stop thinking about it!! i just learned i have trypophobia .edit: i knew this would be downvoted as hell!
When i flushed the toilet it started filling with water but not draining . When the sink was full too, i started scooping water out of the toilet and into the sink . After a few minutes of wiping i couldn't even flush the soaked toilet paper down the toilet... so i had this nasty pile of wet toilet paper sitting on the floor .
In english class at cegep high school, a friend asked me one, he bites in it, then ran to the garbage and make himself puke, again and again . Turned out he is muslim and he can't take alcohol, just irish cream, also there was no actual alcohol .
i was browsing reddit when i heard someone walking up to my desk . It turned out to be my boss and he looked at my screen and smirked . Thank god his son plays league and he just walked away from the site . Thank you your son plays the league .
i was stuck in my ear with a rubber tube stuck in his ear . After trying to get it out with a pair of tweezers, i gave up and decided to go to a&e . After about 2 1/2 hours, i went through to a room that had all sorts of prongs and needle-nose pliers .
i am a male, 20 years of age and i am currently working in a kiosk/newsstand/shop/store/store in bergen, bergen . The shop is located at the buss-terminal and therefore we receive a lot of tourist asking us where and when the different buses leave . He looks confused and i repeat myself by saying: \"a for anders\" which is a common name in norway . As i am saying this my whole body freezes up and his face turns all stiff .
i'm on top of her, her hands on my penis start to get warm . It's a chemical reaction of fluids waiting to set off the capsaicin coated on his penis . It was not immediate but holy hell is it a lasting burn . i insert myself into the normally magical place that's warm and wet .
A teacher pulled him over and scolded him for god-knows-what . \"People always get bullied here and the teachers aren't doing jack shit,\" he says . \"Next thing i knew i almost got expelled, i don't know their reason but ffs i was trying to raise awareness\"
The only time i make my bed is when i first put on a fresh set of sheets . When i first began exploring my body as a small child, i discovered that it felt really nice to take a sheet or towel and grind my junk into it with my hips . At one point, i noticed that one part of the sheet was cooler than the rest of the rest, but moist .
i've been dating this girl for about a year, and she finally asked if i wanted to have sex last night . i walked over to her house at about 6 'o clock after stopping by a gas station bathroom to get a condom out of those machines . She then started taking my clothes off and i hesitated as i was about to take off my boxers . She broke up with me and insulted me on my prepubescent won-ton .
i was talking to her about my favorite websites like reddit and how i love to browse reddit when i'm on the pooper . This led to me giving a grotesque monologue on things to do while you poop . When it became painfully obvious to both of us that the conversation had went, we both sort of  grimaced .
i was closing up my department and culling (aka pulling the bad product) i was hungry and decided to grab one of the slightly rotten peaches . Earlier that night the loss prevention specialist had been in the store for god knows what reason . He popped out of the office just as i was clocking out (the time clock is next to the office door) i didn't say anything and started walking to where i kept my stuff . He had seen me because he can access the store cameras from his phone .
Last night it seems after i returned home from post kickball game beers, i plugged in the razor and gave my head a much needed haircut . Then i woke up this morning, hungover and a little bit later than normal. Since i overslept i was rushed for time and needing to get to work as i had a managers meeting .
dropbox stores pictures automatically to all devices including my laptop . Dropbox stores photos automatically to automatically store them automatically . My friend proceeded to laugh his ass off and now he thinks i'm gay . Now he thinks he's gay...... and now i think i's gay .
i [21m] work at a media corporation, and i was working on a high school sports story about a notable team of cross country girls . The coach was speaking about one of the girls in particular who is a star athlete, and consistently gets good grades . i commented that she sounds like an incredibly well-developed girl .
A huge set of keys flew off the belt into the flushing toilet . The bulldog was the only thing holding my keys from going down the black hole of doom! The plumber finally came, he detached the toilet from the ground and lo and behold  the bulldog self defense weapon .
A small piece of poop was apparently acting as a plug to stop what i can only describe as a torrential downpour of diarrhea from flowing out of my butt . With its removal, i released said diarrhea that had been churning and groaning inside of me like a particularly upset fetus .
i am a fire spinner (using a fire staff) and fire breather. The result: a drop of kerosene fell onto my beard, and another on my shirt . After soaking my face in water and applying some ointment, i was fine... and even breathed fire again .
i guess i was on autopilot... \"hey, time to take my medicine\"... containers look absolutely nothing alike... and didn't really figure out my mistake till i was wide awake at midnight and my bc pill was still in its packet. it's going to be a long night and an even longer day at work tomorrow...
Can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar \"do not post... comments\" Rule #4: Do not post comment comment comment comments. Can we add misandystic in #4 rule # 4 at the side of the sidebar.com/commentary .
i had 12-16 shots of 70-100 proof liquor in the span of 3-4 hours . i ended up puking in front of everyone and embarrassing the hell out of myself . Now we aren't talking anymore, and i don't know if i'll be able to fix the relationship .
The 51\" active 3d tv was so amazing i wondered what porn would be like . Since i didn't touch a new remote and put dick germs onto it, i elbowed the off button and went to shower and off to bed . The next day, my family came over, the first thing the cousins and parents went to check the tv out .
a long while ago in the middle of the night i needed to go to the bathroom so i got up and started heading to the potty . There was a laundry basket just sitting there and hit my head on the side of the door frame . The next day i got 9 stitches in my forehead .
i get a message later informing me about my imminent demise . If i'm not alive tomorrow the mightiest among you gets my ~~empire~~ reddit account . i had forgotten that they are very sensitive about their weight, i get messages later informing my friends about my impending demise .
because i am a cat lady, i thought, naturally, that i was about to see a gallery of urban kitties and pups amongst fancy furnishings . Instead, there were boobs and vaginas instead of boobs and vagina . i had to explain myself, revealing my na\u00efvet\u00e9 in the process .
An international student from china lives in the room next to me and the wall i slammed is the one between our rooms . For some reason i yelled, \"welcome to america, bitch!\" as i slammed it . i hope she doesn't think i'm too racist .
i forgot that he thinks he's a fierce lion when he's outside . He clamped on a few times and kicked me very hard, gashing my palm and puncturing a few spots up my arm . i cleaned it up really well, but today i noticed it was very inflamed, achey, and i squeezed it and oozed pus .
Taking a late-day nap. not very typical of me but i was tired . Then proceed to have this amazing, but also wholly erotic dream that was *intensely* erotic . One was a girl, the other a shemale . The dream was a weird as shit looking monster thing that reminds me of a childrens kid show .
During the summer, my mom wanted me to get out of the house more, since we had just moved in town . One day, i decided to stop at the nearby gas station for a drink . About halfway home, my deck box decided to lodge itself between the shock and the wheel of my front tire, locking up the front wheel .
Me and my friend have been living together for almost a year and a half now . But 3 months ago he and his fiance start making me feel like an outsider in or apartment . When i went to talk to him he went into super angry douche mode . He is now looking for someone to move in and take his place so he can get a place with his fiance .
Newlywed sister and husband are staying at their parents' house for the week . When they all went to bed and i felt like looking at porn on my tablet . When i finished i didn't turn off the video or exit out of the web . My dad ran to my room, my brother-in-law tried to turn the sound off but somehow turned the monitors on in the midst of things .
i was advised by one of the other runners to never drink milk the day of a meet . This morning i ate some cereal and there's milk in that. Lunch comes around i drank like 8 pints of chocolate milk (whole other story) The porta-potty was just plain up disgusting, it smelled like it hasn't been cleaned in years. It was just so gross that i don't even want to explain it .
i didn't know what i was doing, just that after the transaction a uniform showed up with a radio, and then the lookout guy kept yelling the \"po-po\" was coming round to pull up on me . All i could do was scramble, turning left and right down one-way streets making some crazy pattern to get outta there .
i was a bit late and basically arrived at the station at 9.02.02 . An old lady, wearing a nice red coat, became agitated at how long it was taking . The train arrived and there were still 2-3 people in front of me . The old lady quickly asks the staff for a pensioner ticket .
At least i didn't shit my pants like the rest of you, noobs. now my pillow is wet and i'm hungry for chicken wings .edit: least i\u00a0didn't\u00a0shoot\u00a0my\u00a0pants\u00a0like the other\u00a0noobs. Now my pillow  is wet, i'm\u00a0hungry\u00a0for chicken wings and i's hungry for\u00a0chicken wings .
i was adopted from foster care . My mom is a guy that lives as a woman, dresses as a man . My dad showed me some pic of him and her together as a lovely couple . One month passed mom is coming home with and i got a big surprise .
At around 6 pm, i order a papa john's pizza for $10 including shipping . The pizza is supposedly being delivered in around 30 minutes . After 15 minutes later, i feel the urge to use the bathroom . The man tells me that i only gave him $8 instead of the $10+ tip .
i felt it coming like a great tidal wave, and i couldn't hold it, and a great slosh of vile, repulsing, cringeworthy warmth sloshed down my leg . Ironically, ironically, i thought at that moment, 'now i can post in tifu..'
Dental floss ties skin tags to get rid of skin tags . It cuts off oxygen until it dies and falls off . The next day i realized the floss and the skin tag were gone . Luckily luckily we've been together for a few years and he didn't judge me over it .
i forgot to return a dvd to redbox for a month . This comes 2 days after i clicked the wrong button on amazon and bought the 2 day shipping option for an item that cost $5 . This is all of my spending money for the month, as i am not employed right now and don't have the spending money i wish i had .
i work as a ta in my university, teaching math . Today i had to practice a certain concept they'd been taught by the instructor during the lecture . Even those bright students who thought they'd got it from the lecture, left my class feeling confused and angry with me . How can i restore their confidence in me?
The same liquefied poop from the night before was everywhere, down her legs, inside her jammies, in her little foot sock...everywhere . Don't feed baby raisins, they rehydrate with liquid shit . The diaper and wipes were too big for the disposal bags we had .
The sandwich bag was under the door . No one knows i did it yet . How do i get melted plastic off a glass toaster oven door? pic in comments.com/substitute pic in comment comment comment in comments . Do you know how to get the melted plastic from a glass oven? Send a picture to comment .
Chocolate chip cookies require 1 cup of butter . Rice krispy treats require 1/4 cup . The recipe calls for 1.4 cup, buttery as well as 1 stick of butter, but butteryasfuck doesn't remember to half the butter . After a quick runthrough of the kitchen, i found that i had just enough ingredients to make a half batch .
i was in an improv class playing the part of a soldier . When asked where i was stationed i replied 'al jazeera', i replied to al jazeera, which is a television network . i was playing a soldier, and when asked where he was stationed, i replied saying 'al Jazeera'
\"slave house\" inside the fence was another house that we joked about being a 'slave house' The house was a fence around the property and inside it was a joke about it being bigger than my house . It's still bigger than that house, but it's bigger than his house .
i've been keeping the keys on me. showed up for a field visit this morning with my boss and a senior engineer, no keys . Last time i used them was 12/21, not a clue what i did with them after . Everyone up to the vp level at the company is pissed at me and my boss .
i sniff something horrid. i loudly exclaim, \"what is that fucking smell!\" i then bent down to look under the stalls and notice at the end my boss's shiny black shoes . needless to say i left quickly and drove home with a full bladder . i am not looking forward to tomorrow .
My friend and i were hanging out in his living room drinking loads of beer and eating chips and salsa like starving madmen . After a couple hours of drinking beers, he runs into his pantry and pulls out a bottle of honey jack daniels . Before i knew it, i fell on the floor, my friend dragged me to the couch, he put a blanket on me, and i passed out .
A rich looking italian guy shows up on a rented suv. he says he is a designer for armani and he looks the part . He says that if i give him $200 then he'll give me the leather jackets, and when he's back in la he'll contact me and give my money back . If i can sell each of them for $96, then i have lost nothing from this except knowing that i did screw up this one time .
i gave one of my best guy friends the impression that a girl he's into has mutual feelings about him...when i don't actually know if this is true . If he tries to talk to her and it goes badly and he embarrassed himself...he might not forgive me, and i honestly wouldn't blame him .
i was blasting my music and go through the green light at a blind intersection . The ambulance was speeding towards me and plowed into a snowbank . i gun it only to plow into the snowbank, plowing into a . snowbank in the snow . The accident happened at an intersection .
i noticed my furnace pilot light had gone out . After trying to light the pilot per the instructions on the unit with no luck, i decided that it might be dust causing low gas flow . Now i have first degree burns on my right hand and forearm all the way up to the elbow .
i was watching the tv and thought 'that screen really needs a clean' so i got a glass cleaner, duster and cleaned it, sat back down and it was looking like i had not touched it . Then the truth hit me, it was my glasses, i only got them a few years ago and i forget to wear them .
i hadn't seen him in a year and a half. It ended badly - we were best friends who fooled around a bit . Then i intro'ed him to a friend, she decided she wanted him, he picked her over me . After a fight with her best friend and getting fired on valentine's day .
i started the nofap thing as part of my 2013 better me campaign . My mother came to visit me earlier this week, with the express purpose of riding with me on my return journey . She wanted to torture me with her barbra streisand records, thus destroying any possible hopes of an enjoyable road trip .
she was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was not happy with her friends' car . She was driving a friend in her car and she wasn't pleased with the incident . She says she's not pleased with her car, and she's been driving a car .
The next day everyone who ate my cheesy mess ended up in the doctors office with explosive asses . i'm now banned from the thanksgiving pot luck, says i'm banned from pot luck from the pot luck pot luck . \"damn...i'm good\", says the next day i told them to try and get to try .
my bowels have never been so forceful in my life . My bowels are never so forceful that I've never had a bowel problem . The bowels of my life have never had to be so forceful, says my bowel has never been very forceful in his life .
The backyard is in a total state of disarray, why don't i get it cleaned up? So my boyfriend is at work, i'm bored as hell, and i decide; hey, the backyard is so bad it's in disarray . As i reach for the leg of the table to flip it back over and put it back into place, out crawls the absolute godzilla of the black widow species .
The pomeranian, gretzky, was groomed by a \"pet grooming kit\" i thought i would do it myself, and give him a mohawk while at it . Unfortunately, dog grooming does not appear to be one of my natural talents, he kind of looks like he might have mange .
i saw another guy walking his bike because his back tire had popped . In my head i laughed, 'sucks to be you brah' i was forced to walk my bike a mile and a half home . About halfway through my walk home it began to rain .
The first result was a fetish hook-up site . i'm scared to call back in case it's a backroom couch scenario . Google the number given to find out more information about the company . The first results were a fetish-hook-up hook up site .
In religion studies, some idiot was supposedly having a spasm and said he was having an orgasm, not knowing the difference . Everybody went silent and stared at me. My sister was there too, and it was all she was talking about to me on the walk home from school .
i hadn't eaten since around 9 am central time, it was now 6 pm mountain time . After purchasing pizza, cantaloupe melon and not properly reading the label . After 15 minutes down the road, i've downed the pizza and milk and now it's dessert time . The addition of this bad melon added a new level to the gurgles .
The soap/shampoo i usually use isn't there . When a soap says \"electrify,\" it means fucking business\" i lather the shit onto everything including my crotch . My five minute shower easily became a ten minute sit-there-holding-dick-and-balls-as-if-they-will-fall-off shower .
Aims to build potato cannons, but since i have a job, i can afford to make my cannon a bit more industrial . This includes a [push-button barbecue igniter] to light it off, because only peasants light their spud guns with lantern lighters .
i was gluing my phone back together, managed to get superglue all over the side of my finger(s) and they started to sick together . Next thing i know, my tongue is stuck to my top front two teeth... so i finally got it unstuck .
What was seen cannot be unseen, i am scarred for life . Clicking random and ended up on /r/spacedicks . Click here for more information on the story of the first time in the world . Back to Mail Online home . Back on the page you came from .
i bought my first bottle of wine since i'm celebrating finishing college . Unfortunately, i have never used a corkscrew and only managed to remove the cork half-way . When i filled my glass, however, the wine was filled with particles of cork .
two, friends one today and one a month ago have uploaded passport information to facebook . i think they really really screwed up, but no doubt i'm about to visit down vote hell because its not my fuck up. Not really my blog blog post. not really my .
A total of 15 cars were hit by a mob of rednecks . The total damage is unknown but one person sent in an estimate 0f 0f $2500 and there were *tons more reports just from last night* according to the cop . i could be facing 12 months in juvy/jail since i'm 17 .
My roommate is a super nice guy whom i didn't know until this summer . The head gardener and my roommate drove up on a card with a fairly loud engine . i can only assume that my roommate heard it all, whether he did or not, i feel absolutely terrible and will be apologizing to him .
i bought a sony vaio e series back in march that was suppose to come with sony imagination studio programs . The store and they said to call sony customer service. The number for customer tech support was 1 (800) 457-2740 number for tech support on your computer .
After a great day at the mall with his sister, i decided to end our trip with some 25 cent candy . As i placed the first one in my mouth, a slight moment of germ-a-phobia was brought on . As soon as it was on my tongue, i couldn't have cared less .
i was choking the old butter churner to some videos of ill-repute . Right as i reached the point of no return something i needed to do for work popped into my head . It was hands down the worst orgasm i've ever had, and i probably won't sleep for days .
This was a couple of years when i was working as a security guard at a construction site . When i was bored with reading and started feeding the squirrels, tempting them with food in my hand to see how close i could get to them . The video link below shows the outcome...marked nsfw due to language .
The roommate is a horrible germophobe and they walked in on me stark naked in the living room on the couch . They had me clean the couch and now i'm lying in my room feeling the most horrible i can possibly feel posting to reddit.com to relieve some pressure .
at the restaurant i work at, we have nightly side work that has to be done before we close and leave . On tuesdays, we empty the pepper shakers, run the shakers through dish, and in the morning they refill them and put them back on the tables . i walked face first into the stream line of the high powered fan because the air stopped working .
A summer job at a lab in a lab puts insects in a modified plastic slushie cups . Insect is holding onto a leaf, holding onto another insect, mating . The insect came off with it's dick still attached to the female and no longer attached to it's body .
i actually burned two hole in my fingers: http://i.com/kpmehfa.jpg.jpg . Keeps his index finger has a couple blisters on it but my middle/ring fingers are the worst . Keep in mind that these are not blisters that have popped .
i went to 7elven to get smokes and an ice coffee, no big deal, except i was kinda high which made me paranoid and clumsy . Me being the stoned idiot i am, i start the flow of deliciousness into my plastic cup with out adding ice after. The guy turned around and said \"seriously?!\". all i could muster was \"oh god i'm so sorry!\".
i was in my parents garage attempting to get my golf clubs from the attic . As i jumped the ladder tipped over and i fell onto the hood of my parents car then crashed into the concrete . i knew my mom had heard it so i jumped up quickly and as soon as i did she opened the door to the garage. She preceded to ask why there was blood running down my arm and knee, busted...
A bird flew into my windshield, scaring the shit out of me, almost causing me to drive myself into a ditch . Along our hike out, there is a tent set up, some woman walks out buckass naked, she screams, and a midget runs out of the tent wielding a knife that was longer than his forearm .
Had to order business cards within a short amount of time for a presentation in one of my classes . Panic because yesterday the guy says they're the wrong dimensions . Two hours later, there's an error in my website's URL and now i have 100 useless business cards that cost a lot of money .
When i was 14, i decided to piss right there in the shorts he gave me . Luckily i maned up and fixed it by taking the shorts off and using them or suck up all the pee . i put on my jeans and went to the bathroom to lay back down and hope it all goes smooth in the morning .
i accidentally grabbed the wrong bottle and started the dishwasher . When i got out i found about 3 inches of bubbles covering the floors (which are wooden and can warp if they stay wet for long enough) i didn't realize how hard it would be to clean up all these stupid bubbles .
Straight girl, who is also outspoken feminist, gets really turned on by lesbian porn and porn where women are being forced to be submissive to men . She now wants to know what happened to make me watch such things and thinks that i was sexually assaulted and should go to therapy .
i went on walks to the other side of my neighborhood, but i felt adventurous and decided to walk all way to another side of the neighborhood . The people who live in this part are hoity toity rich assholes, who already called the cops on me once last year, so i put my head down and just started hauling ass ass off .
i had just started a new job and my sister and i had some of our friends in town . The next thing i remember is blacking in, in a hospital, with a sore ankle, peeing and missing the bed pan . i had to get surgery the next day to get screws and a plate put in it .
A couple of days ago i severely screwed up by causing my so immense pain where the sun don't shine...while having really intense sexual intercourse of the christian type, with the lights off and while holding hands . While being on the edge and making *rough* love to my dame, my 8'' phallic slipped outside of her tunnel .
Last night on my way to take my girlfriend home she was getting frisky . Right before we climax, \"put your clothes on and step out of the car!\". me and my s.o. both got indecent exposure charges and my possibly become sex offenders.... yay-_-_-_-
In 2009, i got a temp job for a year taking care of computer systems in the library in a large university . Deep freeze essentially is a software that erases everything that is not part of the setup . After about 2 weeks, the script would automatically thaw the machines i wanted, update, freeze again, and freeze again . The university learned about this, and asked for it to get a permanent job .
A year ago, my grandfather left a car behind, leaving a car . The deal was then that provided i would drive my little sister to and from school every day, i could use the car untill i moved out of the house . In order for it to be nice and shiny, i decided to use a washcloth and soap .
on sunday night i realized that i was behind on all the you tube channels i watch and that i had to get up to date with them . After falling asleep on the shoulder of a girl i've had a crush on for a long time and to make things worse i had dribbled on it as well .
This day of all days, my dad was having some family friends over to show the house to. i had just come home from the gym, said a quick 'hi', and hopped in the shower . As soon as i pushed it open, the suction from the air pressure change pulled open my unlatched door, revealing naked me with a milked bong around my mouth .
The rash rash was on my balls, penis, butt, hip, and (i dont even know) my lips . All day today ive had my genitals wrapped in a cool cloth, ive gone through half a stick of chapstick, but everytime i stop focusing on not scratching; i scratch .
The friend of his friend tried to kill herself yesterday . She died 11 hours later . The friend told him she'd make it, motherfucker, \"motherfucker\" \"Oh by the way, i told you she'd kill it, momfucker,\" he said, \"Oh, by the time, i'd tell you she'll make it.\"
the pan was too shallow, grease spilled over, house filled with smoke . yay, cooking skills! yay! cooking skills were made up of the pan, which spilled over in the middle of the night . The house filled the smoke-filled ovens filled with grease and smoke .
The usual way to become a man, she says . She reached into her hand bag and pulled out a selection of condoms . When i put the light back on i had completely ruined my chance of becoming a man . When put on a condom, i had to turn the light off and frisbee this glow in the dark .
i'm having a few friends over and one of them checks at my browser history and looks at all my porn searches and porn views . Some of them are really bad, some of them were really bad. Some of the porn views are bad, but some are bad .
The 17-year-old went to an after party in order to catch up . This resulted in me crashing the fuck out, until the morning . The girl i genuinely love, had made-out with her ex-boyfriend the weekend before, and my school work has started to suffer, probably as a result of posting this information on reddit .
Tifu, a male, ended up in a history class that focuses on women . The teacher is a hard core feminist, and i am one of like three guys in the entire class . The entire semester my teacher talks about how all guys in history want to do is have sex and that is the motives all guys have .
i recently switched departments and when asked about my old department, i answered honestly about how poorly i was treated and how the culture was so driven by fear that it stopped everyone from doing their job . i stupidly, very very stupidly told two people that i had a conversation with someone--with no knowledge of the actual conversation, accusing me of being a saboteur .
i have lost 60 pounds this year, and i take progress pics naked . After the gym, i decided i should compare my backside to current . In one i was about 4 pounds of fat heavier, so i was feeling a little uncomfortable . i don't know if this qualifies as a \"tifu\", but it definitely felt like it .
i was on a plane from heathrow to frankfurt (original departure iad in washington, dc) A crying, screaming infant looked over and puked on me . The woman's jaw dropped. She called the flight attendant and complained . The whole flight gave me dirty looks for the rest of the trip .
The whole thing shatters while i'm driving down the road in the middle of winter in washington . The kicker? i didn't even go to zips for myself. i went to get a burger for my brother.... i'm then starting to roll the window up when it gets stuck, so i'm pushing it a little hard right?
i have never used a needle for drugs although i am a pretty experienced opiate abuser . Out of nowhere decided to go to a needle exchange, pick up all the gear, and stab myself a bunch of times before finally finding a vein . Now i think i'm really fazed and i'm freaking out.
i told my mom that i need to was my hand before i shower or go to the bathroom so i don't burn my willy. welp, guess who forgot to do that! this guy! Now as i sit in the bathroom thinking of how stupid i am, i type this sorrowful message to you guys on how i am .
i was texting a girl that i'm interested in, but i could tell something was wrong . She kept saying \"nope! nope nope!\" this just made me upset because i care about her and want to know what's wrong . This is where i realized too late that i messed up after i hit that send button .
A couple days ago we were set for a big rainstorm, so i decided to ride my bike . When it started drizzling, i turned around to enjoy the rain and that's when i . The incident happened as a dare against myself, he says . \"Right after i had started pissing, my ass just opened with foul, black, post-drinking soft-serve shit. It was more like bursting a water balloon than dropping a load\"
i'm visiting my grandparents and uncle today for a sort of nice family get-together . The problem is, i had to drop a massive care package about an hour into the visit . i planned on holding it until after the meal, but the oncoming storm of chocolate rain refused to be held back . By the end i felt embarrassed but extremely relieved .
i was a college freshman at the time, and was leaving a marching band rehearsal when my car broke down . Instead of grinding my cig out on the curb like i meant to, i instead stubbed it out on my bare knee . The girls turned, saw me, died laughing, and i got a nice little burn scar on my leg .
A threesome with my best friend and a girl with a boyfriend in the back of the car . One of the girls has been like a sister to me and ive talked with her everyday for months . She forgot to call her friend and go to a wildlife park and got drunk . One thing led to another and me, my best friends and the girl ended up having a threeesome . She also has a boyfriend .
The heel of my foot made direct impact with my right testicle . i fell off my bed and i stayed down . i was in too much pain to say a word or to even make a sound . i ran as fast as i could to the toilet and vomited three times . After that whole ordeal, i went back to bed and lay there .
Wasps are all over my car and got stung like 7 times . Back to a friend's lot in a parking lot in his car . Wasps were all over his car and wasps were stung 7 times, not much damage i get out of my car . Not a good experience .
i am a very athletically built man, 6'3\" and 220 lbs. i absolutely nailed the front flip, and i come out of the water, turn around, and the diving board is just floating in the pool . Luckily, when the mom got home she was okay with it and knew it was an accident .
A co-worker accidentally used a spray bottle on a trolley to clean the pizza toppings . The incident happened in one of the world's most popular pizza restaurants . The manager was on the shitter when this happened so out-she-comes wondering what all the commotion is .
i was planning to fly to amsterdam for friends . Only 2 of them answered the phone and they both have double barrel names . Now im im \u00a3140 out of pocket and the flights only cost \u00a350 each . i'm hoping to god the easyjet gods smile upon me tomorrow when i ring customer support .
A few years ago at a community college i had a professor named slyvia newman . this year, i have a professor (3 years later) named slyvian.com . After investigating what the fuck went wrong, apparently assignment 2 and 6 never made it .
The torn handkerchief on the closet of the bathroom . After the release, i threw it on the trashcan . My brother heard him saying \"oh come on, shut the fuck up!\u201d i do not know what they thought about my overreaction...
The email recipients received this email that i signed off with \"retards\" instead of \"regards\" i work at a large sports charity for disabled people . People i work with in the office do have a sense of humour and understand the error thankfully . New problem is that we have to wear name tags at this networking event next week .
\"rotundra\" was trying to rub him off under the table . One of the girls friends shows up late, we'll call her rotundra (seems to be a good fit) and she literally sits right next to me . At this point i'm totally blacked out and don't remember a thing for the rest of the night .
The guy who exclaimed \"who the fuck is titler?\"'s dad had been some freedom fighter in www2 and was really offended . Upper management guy was worried that i was a neo-nazi or something like that, he told me not to use my personal computer at work .
A few years ago, my family came out to visit me . One night when i'm staying there with them, i find this thing which i thought was a pen in the bed side table drawer . The flare starts rocketing around the walls, ceiling, my brother screaming and clutching his eye .
The only thing i've been able to think about today is how sexy you looked in your work clothes, that nearly transparent white long sleeve shirt and your tight yoga pants that's make your ass look phenomenal, ugh. All i could think about is how i want to slip them off like i did the other night and slide my fingers into you so i can hear you moan in pleasure .
In one of my classes, (community college) we had a take home exam, and i swear that in the email that had the questions and in class my professor said it was due at 2:30 (or anytime from 2:45 to 3:45) on t Tuesday . At 3, after doing some double checking of my answers, only to find that my professor's door was closed & locked, but had the light off . At 9:30 i email him saying \"hi professor ___, please disregard my last email as i misread the due date\"
i got a little hungry so i walked out of my room, into the kitchen, with no pants on, singing sexxx dreams at the top of my lungs . Turn the corner and there are my parents and two police officers staring at me . The police were asking if we heard any strange noises around our house .
A friend posted in the group: \"hello first one to click this link gets to redeem batman: arkham asylum goty on steam.com\" When the conversation starts to get off topic, we post links to fake dog porn sites in the comments . The post was quickly deleted, but i was embarrassed that my friends and family saw that on my feed .
i lost a bet with my friends and i had to consume 10 bars of fibre 1 bars . i cannot stop leaking poo and i am constantly farting the most boisterous and vile farts i have ever heard . Now my roommates are standing outside my door laughing as i've been on the toilet for an hour now .
A friend invited him over for valentines dinner, because she and i both have long distance relationships . Her older brother was going to be throwing a house party that night with his girlfriend . Her parents don't know that she's having anybody over while they're out of town, and the same goes for her older brother . The whole house was trashed .
A few days ago asked her out because she tried to very carefully say no . Now i have to pretend to be her friend and spend time with her every day until she leaves as a friend . The worst part is i could probably say i love her because i have never liked a girl after liking her, and also never the same way .
i was walking out of one of my morning classes, still not fully woken up and pretty oblivious to my surroundings . i wasn't really paying attention and just tossed it at something that looked like a trashcan out of my peripheral . i turned around and realized it was actually just a girl sitting on a bench with her laptop .
i recently moved away from this town i had lived in for a few years . Before i moved i decided i wanted to spend one final movie night with this girl who i had a major crush on . She freaks out, jumps up, grabs her phone and basically says \"that's not what i want out of this\"
A close friend of a friend is in the hospital after his first time . He thrusts as hard as he thinks her vaginal hole is, and he aimed in the middle of the vag, not the bottom . All you could hear was, in his words, \"a loud snapping sound, the sound of all of my pride dying, then a blood-curdling scream\"
i picked the girl at work whose mother had died just 4 months before she came to work there . In defense, i didn't know that, but i still feel absolutely terrible and she left crying. This was a while ago, but still feels horrible about it. This is because i was working as a server in a national park for the summer .
i was on a bus with an attractive girl that i had a thing for last year . When she says, \"wanna get qdoba? i'd kiss you...not on the lips, but...\" this is where the fuck-up comes into play . \"i already ate,\" she seems slightly disappointed, and the rest of the bus ride was relatively silent .
A friend of mine messaged me on facebook, telling me why she didn't make it to rehearsals today . After giving my condolences i changed the subject to what i was doing: scrolling through /r/justiceporn.org. The gif:http://://://www.r.s.com/r/Justiceporn/zghsx.org about 15 seconds after i realized what i'd done .
i got up bright 'n' early this morning for work, unusual because i usually don't start until the late afternoon . Came out of my room and saw my roommate's honker just basking in the bright light of day . The roommate's out of town for the week so what could it hurt, right? wrong .
The vice principal jumped the immediate conclusion that it was a porno and immediately took my computer . Luckily the principal was who we expland to (it's a small school so the principal knows everyone and is very understanding) but the vp nearly got him fired and suspended me on the spot .
The next day a challenger with black stripes pulls up and some people gather around, the guy had insulted me in front of my family and friends . He ended with paying me 50$ to clean my own yard. He now shows up atleast once a month to take my mom out...
The incident happened so quickly that there were not any photos or videos taken . i talked to her today. She's not too angry anymore. She doesn't stay mad for too long, and this isn't the *worst* thing i had done to her so i think everything will be fine .
i was waxing my legs with my husband in the room when i came up the idea of trying the wax on him for fun . His armpit hair is pretty long, so the application alone was pretty painful for him . The application hurt worse than ripping the strip off itself, but i still felt pretty bad .
The door to the office area was open because it was being cleaned by a custodian so i put 2 and 2 together and came up with my little prank, and saran wrapped her chair . The next morning, i get a text from amy who is not at work asking if i did something to her chair because all 3 of her managers are angry . There is picture and video evidence of my saran wrapping the chair out of her chair (nothing else, i didn't disturb or take anything while i was there)
i was on my way to the bus station after i finished college to start my hour long journey home . When i get a phone call from laura (we will call him roger) and could give me a lift home . The night before she had being out drinking with a group of lads, so me jokingly said \"oh cool, so are you getting slammed by any of them?\" to which she didn't reply, she just had a slight smirk on her face .
First day off in two weeks; finally no emt class or shift covering or bar tending . Purchased hammock $10 dollars and set up stand thing. sets up in driveway for some reason . Land on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock .
i'm wearing relatively tight jeans and i'm going upstairs at my school . Unfortunately, i didn't consider the possibility that my balls might be big enough and my jeans might squish my balls mid-stride . guess what happened? Guess what happened to be a result of the tight jeans .
i applied a liberal amount on my legs, specifically my thighs and calves, after an intense leg work out . Ten minutes later, i had to take a dump. After i stood up and pulled up my underwear, the bengay on my underwear was squeegeed on to my penis and testicles by the underwear .
Facepalm. facepalm: Facialial problems with facelelapapalm.com . Facepal.com: \"facepalm\" and \"facelapalm\" facepal: Facelap.com.com will be the latest in a long list of things to do with .
i guess i left it on too long today, because now there's this big swollen bit that's really uncomfortable . Sometimes i use a ring to keep my situation rigid while i'm enjoying some alone time, writes writes . \"Looks like a really big blister, but it's not fucking hurts.\"
The boyfriend and i were meeting a bunch of friends for dinner last night but we had 20 minutes before our ride was coming so of course we decided to bang . At one point he looks down and exclaims \"oh *god*\" and starts simultaneously wiping off my face and his penis .
The accident happened on a bike in a gully in the middle of the road . The bike was pulled over by a good samitan who pulled over to lift the bike from the gully instead of helping lift it from the road, he says . The accident ended up losing his license after the \"good samaritan\" called police .
i fell and hit the bumper of a parked car with my front wheel and then also my chin . Fortunately the car was old and the bumper was already all scratched up . Luckily, the car had already been scratched up and i'm glad i sport a beard, it softened the blow .
i had a nice seafood dinner this evening consisting of crab, scallops, and shrimp . But when i felt my stomach start to grumble, i realised that whatever's coming out of me is neither solid nor gaseous . i immediately clench myself shut, but the damage is done .
i am in charge of waste management in the supermarket . Part of that job is emptying the bins . As i reached for the bag, my foot slipped off the side of the bin and i went straight in . Luckily luckily the only fresh waste in there was produce, and i landed on a large patch of lettuce leaves .
i'm a cashier at a grocery store . Out of the 6 vouchers, i only screwed up on 1, but i just know that i'm going to get either written up, yelled at, or fired over it . After i run all of her wic stuff, damn if she doesn't take out cash for 2 packs of cigarettes .
i was told to wash a rug today that had a rubber backing on it and was extremely gross . i asked if it needed to be washed with the hose outside but was instead told that it could be thrown directly in the washing machine . Sanitize setting on my washer uses super hot water so it peeled the rubber backing right off the rug .
This happened a while ago but i'm posting anyways because it is something my boyfriend never let me live down and something that has changed me forever . The walk to the back of the lake is about 20-30 minutes and the walk back to the hotel grounds is at least 15 minutes away . At the time, i jolt for the trees, hide my socks under a pile of needles and try to compose myself .
i was using my left foot to steady the barrel, and i was focusing so much on the little red dot.. i did not pay any attention to what was in front of the barrel.... [my right pinky toe....](http://postimg.org/image/mxagtvahd/)
The entire car was totalled . Now my entire car is totalled :/yokeoke.com . The car totalled.com will be on the road for the first time in the summer . It was the first car to be destroyed by a car accident in the last year .
\"this message is for rrims. we've received your online application and would like to schedule a face-to-face interview,\" \"please give us a call at...\" \"Please give them a call\" i didn't think anything of it since it would go to voice mail . i then proceed to finish the grass clippings, and the phone rings again from my step-mom .
An article about two teenage youths, terrorising an entire hospital by riding their bikes through the hallways . This article got me really pissed off, and i noticed two pictures of the kids, so i started to vent my rage to the pictures . After a few minutes i got up to grab a drink, as i turned around, i look up onto the second floor of the lounge, is my mother working on a puzzle .
i'm a bit of a slob when it comes to clothes. i threw the underwear across the room and answered the doorbell . The doorbell rang and i didn't want them to see my underwear on my couch . i nearly cried in embarrassment . After that, i bought a laundry basket .
i forgot to turn off voice memos and i went to the bathroom on one of the tracks . One guy wanted to go over my notes so i decided to be nice and burn him a CD . No i'm not posting the audio of me peeing......edit: i'm female by the way.
i was at work and just finished my lunch. thinking at it was going to be like most days, i had finished and heading back to work . We both smiled at one another and i said 'hi' we both smiled . Unfortunately i have not seen her before, so who knows it could be another 7 months before .
i asked two girls i used to sleep with to hang out after work . We are all still friends, and its not awkward at all . My girlfriend doesn't know that i've slept with both of them and had on and off relationships with them over the past 7 years . i'll gladly update you all when this explodes in my face .
The princess bride was inspired by the poster artist from hyarar.com.com/a/ichymographically.com . Inspired by the image of the princess bride in a poster . The picture was taken by a young family member when i was young and reminds me of a simpler time .
i was just learning to ride a skateboard . After about half an hour of rampy uppie downies, i decided to go over the ramp which is at a sharp angle to the ground . My right arm was bent at an awkward angle . The first time i broke my radius the full way through, and the ulna had a crack half way through . This time i managed to break both of them completely in two .
i was making dinner when my eye itched . Like any normal human i rubbed it with the back of my hand . The problem: my hands were full in the one was uneatable vegetable matter, in my dominate hand were some green onions . It burned for a short bit but i am good now .
Cannabis is an anti-nausea, but research shows it is anti-cannabis . When asked why she reacted in such a way, she could provide no answer and conceded that there is no good reason to not try it . Now my mom is baked out of her gord and glued to the sofa .
The worst part is that it was all for nothing because i dropped the class a few weeks later . \"Caffeine runs right through me even worse than alcohol,\" says one of the worst things to do with alcohol . The worst thing is that i dropped it because i had to sit in those pissy pants for 50 minutes before i could go back to class .
Employees who say, smoke weed tend to hide that fact from him . When talking to him and somehow let it slip that i'd done ecstasy in the recent past . He chuckled and didn't make anything of it . But if he were to ask me about it later, should i say it was just a joke?
The door handles on the doors to my living room and my bath room were changed . The door handle was unscrewed completely, so i couldn't open the door from the inside . After smashing my way out, he ended up having to smash his doorframe out of the doorframe .
A few days before last week, i was having a conversation with my friends as usual . In our little conversation, a need to shout to phrase \"fuck the police\" ran through my head and i went with it . As we were walking past a deli that nearly everyone buys at (and i was banned from it)
i didn't even know what the hell meningitis was at the time i said it, but knew right away by the looks of very sincere concern on my coworkers' and boss's face that i was a goddamned idiot . needless to say, i was let go .
i haven't seen this one girl for a long time and i finally met her today and she came up to me for directions to our class . When i got to class i kept looking at her to confirm that she was who i thought she was . i'm pretty sure she seen me and got uncomfortable and is probably thinking i'm a creep .
Teenage girl's nightmare before christmas bobblehead pen got caught on her vagina's lining . When i tried to pull it out, the mouth opened and clamped down on the other side of my vagina . It hurt like shit and i was scared to move it again .
A week ago my workmate and i used the smaller pair of scissors to chop apart a number of ferociously hot trinidads . After a few minutes of painful, baffled ire i ended up licking my fingers, resulting in the snarling pain coating my tongue .
A student at a college campus tried to get a package of valentines day candy . When he stood up to stand up, he grabbed the package and grabbed it from his hands . After about 20 seconds of trying to grab the package, he rips it open and candy goes flying everywhere . When i sink in a rear naked choke, he stands up and starts dragging me .
The water was a shade brown so dark it was black . The neighbor lent me his hydrolic plunger and with three strikes the beast was done, but not without bleeding more into the room . Anything that touched the floor in the bathroom waits in the shower to meet it's sterilization .
i have a newborn son, and i frequently have to take bags of diapers to the trash . This morning i had a newly filled bag, plus a gray plastic bag filled with used kitty litter . The good news is, the bad news is that it blocked out the diaper smell .
Last night i was browsing askreddit and that thread about the \"deep web\" sparked my curiosity, so i downloaded tor and started browsing the forbidden land . 8 hours later, i am about to hold a presentation about online education in front of 50 people and a professor . The look of sheer horror on some of the faces will follow my life .
7 beers last night. literally just happened. thought i had to fart. nope. Now going commando for the rest of my shift full of shame and embarrassment . Now . going commandeer for rest of his shift full-handed with shame and shame and embarrassments .
i've recently been hitting the gym, and have this narcissistic urge to take off my shirt every time i go to the bathroom and check out my upper body . After a few minutes i was buzzed and my mouth was as dry as the sahara desert, so i decided to drink a gallon of water . My mind somehow processed this action as equivalent to taking off my pants .
This is a little story about the second time that i ever sharted . This happened a couple months ago, but i haven't told anyone because talking about sharts will probably not get a girlfriend a girlfriend . The only other time i sharted was in college when there were 35 people in a tailgate party restroom .
i didn't notice my mistake until she spoke and said she got it all the time . i'm sure that didn't make her feel any better. yeah.....he was a she. yeah. He was a . she was a woman who got it wrong, and that i'm not sure that .
i meant to pour the milk into my cup but i was an idiot and destroyed at least a quarter of the chocolate milk container . My mom found it with big clumps of nesquik stuck together... my mom found the milk container with clumps stuck together .
i search this guy in linkedin and find his profile . While trying to send to one of my colleagues by mistake sent it to old boss . Smiley in the mail body was the cherry on the top of it. smiley in a mail body. It wasn't officially announced that our boss will .
i was recently done washing the dishes at work and had accidentally gotten my watch wet . i placed my watch in the pizza oven, thinking it would dry it off quickly . i was rushed to the emergency room and had to have my watch surgically removed and now have second degree burns on my wrist .
For the past couple days i have had a stomach bug . After work my friends decided to go to dennys and they have their glorious bacon menu . Half way through my meal i felt a sharp pain in my intestines thinking it was just gas . Afterwards i went to grab the toilet paper but as soon as i slide the door fell open and the thick roll of paper fell out .
After a month of saving up to pay a super speeder ticket, i was finally out of debt . The car came with the rod unbolted from the engine bay and just sits in the trunk instead of fully closing it first . After a mile down, the hood of my car peels right the fuck off and lands on the side walk .
The stains under my desk were stains . i'm trying to convince them to allow me to start dating, so i can get married . Apparently, i didn't do a very good job cleaning up after myself, and my dad decided to wash my floor. There are... stains. yep.
You never feel truly vulnerable until you are barfing up everything you've eaten in the last 6 hours with no way to call for help . i've had a runny nose for the past 2 days. No problem. just use a whole bunch of tissues. Just use a lot of tissues .
After dinner, things start getting hot and heavy, things started to get hot . Despite the fart lodged in my butt, i tried to get it out, continued the heavy petting . He handled it like a champ, but i'm still mortified, but he's mortified .
i lost everything that was on my first icloud account including all the information, the script to our short movie and all the other related documents to my last semester and most important to be able to get to university . i feel soooo bad for my team. i'm desperate, i hate myself, my team will probably hate me too .
i was watching my dad ref for a little bit, it was a good game . At halftime, i walked off the field trying not to panic, start crying and my airway shuts off for a bit . Wait too long to take my epipen, and then get stung by another .
she went to vegas last week, i thought her clock changed . But no, somehow my cell clock changed. We noticed the difference last night and i adjusted her clocks to mine. She woke up at 450 instead of 550. She realized it when she was on her way to work .
The family got 2 sister kittens for their birthday . This morning, one decided to hide under the couch . One decided to lift up the couch to check if she was there because i couldn't find her . She makes a sudden movement, startles me, and i lose my grip on the couch. She died instantly .
i blew a huge load **everywhere** and that isn't the worst part.... i shit you not, i cum on my own face, and i mean all over my face glasses and all. i would have much rather shit myself then ever have this happen. This happened saturday saturday .
i had a flight back to toronto with a stopover in denver . Despite some turbulence, all went well, i made my flight and despite some turbulence . The next flight is at 8:40am tomorrow, i will be missing a day of work, and worst of all, i have to wait another day to see my beloved cat again .
\"kelly\" had a chronic skin rash which i now realize was probably plaque psoriasis . i became so mad and jealous that teasing was the only way i could express my anger . After 4th grade she left our school and began home-schooling because she couldn't take it . \"You have every right to hate me and i don't expect you to forgive me,\" i'm sorry .
i probably ate upwards of 12 pounds of crawfish and my hands were covered in juices and deliciousness . i thought i washed my hands good enough, apparently not . My dick felt like i had stuck it in a big bottle of tabasco sauce and cajun spices with a little sprinkle of lye .
i made homemade chicken stock and strained most of it down the drain . i had socks on, so even though i moved away, the socks held the heat . At least today i get to eat what i made, at least today. At the time i made it .
The late 20\u2019s, 5\u20197\u201d, lean with muscles, getting nicely drunk at a house party that i don\u2019t know the hosts, or their friends, but i was invited by a stranger at the first party . After fighting through tightly packed bodies, i find you making your way to the meeting spot to pick up your fresh beer . We talk, argue, smile and both continue to drink like prohibition begins tomorrow .
i work for a tractor service. The company mows and weedeats vacant lots in neighborhoods being built and occasionally other projects . In my bosses truck he had one full with weedeater fuel and one of diesel fuel is usually in his brothers truck . The two cans look nearly identical and somehow they got switched around .
After work, my mum and dad come back and my mum comes into my room pissed off at me . The dinner was cooking and now it's burned because i didn't take it out, even though i wasn't told to touch it or do anything to it . Now my family is pissed at me because i just kept out of the way .
i was going through the rituals of being last to pass out like taking off my pants before passing out on the couch, taking out my contacts, etc. My hands are all over the unconscious fellow. i meandered my hand to his \"tool box\" i found the tool i was looking for alright alright .
The bathroom is locked in an area where there are a lot of homeless people, so the bathrooms are locked and you have to insert a token to open the door . When i got close to downtown, i was feeling the effects of the water, and i needed to piss badly . Finally, i walked into a mcdonalds bathroom, and the bathroom was open .
During a speech class in high school, i came up with a crazy idea: position myself in front of home plate like adam sandler in happy gilmore and let wild pitches whiz by me at speeds close to 60 miles-per-hour . One of my classmates pushed me back into the batting cage timing it precisely, so an out-of-control baseball would come flying out at me at the exact time i would fall .
A friend brought over a friend who brought her son who loves animals and his sister . When i gave my tegu the first mouse he decided to tear it up trashing it as fast as he could . In the middle of all this thrashing the body of the mouse splits and all the blood and guts fly into what i call the splash zone .
The phone is in rice, and will likely not work again . The phone was dripping out of the bottom of the washer machine . The $600 mistake cost $600,000 . i could pick up 7 shifts by the end of the year and pay for a new smart phone .
The cat is sat on the back of the sofa silently (unknown to me) watching the street outside, there are gasworks being done outside . She gets her claw caught in the fabric which freaks her out more . Mid mid sip, she makes me jump spilling the grainy hot chocolate eveywherewhere .
my great grandfather is 94, really ill and close to dying . i drove across us to see him yesterday and all night, haven't slept since monday night . i'm standing in the hall outside his room in front of the nurse's desk and i tell my wife \"i feel like death\". her jaw drops at my stupidity .
i was vacuuming everywhere! behind my desk, my bed and **on** the desk as i come by some old tissues . Immediately the vacuum started making crazy noises . Suddenly it stops and starts to smoke... a lot! So i unplug it and throw it out in our driveway and pour water over it .
The pain, the pain, was worse than the wisdom teeth removal, by a long shot . After being stuck on the couch for 2.5 days it was just what i felt like . \"omg the last time i had a poo? when was it? i haven't had one since before monday!!! this is not going to be good!\"
An empty glass on top of the toilet was left on the toilet . Later on i go back to the same stall and the glass was empty . i can't say for sure it was my friend, but i all of the sudden realize upon seeing the empty glass that my friend sometimes drink wounded strangers .
i loved her with all my heart and believed when she said she was in for the long haul . Then she cheated on me and started a relationship with the new guy . For some reason i looked at her facebook page to see her bf buying her dinner and how he is the \"best bf ever\"
This is the first date i've ever been on a date ever . The first date with a girl who goes to another college which is only about forty minutes away from mine . After about 45 minutes of this i see 4-5 people, including the more attractive girl (beer goggles) who i had been on date with in the lobby .
\"the anarchist's cookbook\" was banned from school by accident . When the teacher asked him what i was reading i made up a bs answer by saying it was an interesting supplemental to my chemistry class that i found online . After missing my next class (ap statistics) for a chat with the dean, a woman who i'm well acquainted with for good reasons, she let me off due to my interest being purely academic, that seemed highly believable to her .
Customers can only buy up to $500 in gift cards in a 24 hour period . One of the other managers told me i should probably call the police if they came in again . The loss prevention supervisor sent out a reply shortly after telling everyone not to call the cops, they weren't sure the credit cards are stolen yet .
Ben's new girlfriend, caitlyn, has a new girlfriend . His great grandma broke her femur a while back and can't walk . The 93-year-old has a pretty bad memory and sometimes calls me dennis (my dead uncle, not me) i know a rachel from another class and she hits on me a lot .
i was watching tv, being lazy after putting the kids to bed and decided that during the next commercial break i'd go to get my brownie snack . After completing my risky slide, i stubbed my toe on the underside of the dishwasher, bent forward in exclamation directly into the cabinet door i'm opening with gusto and knocked the bridge of my nose in a violent manner .
i am always aware of my surroundings and go out of my way as to not offend . i was sitting next to a blind guy and talking about what college groups we belonged to while on campus . He said he only belonged to a few and didn't pay attention to all that was available to him .
When i find one, i often take picture of them with my phone and save them to compare them all at the end of the day . When i realised why he had been sexting a member of the opposite sex (i'm a guy) for the previous few nights and had, of course, forgotten to delete the photos from my camera roll .
i know this is going to end badly, but i've screwed up once already . Canceling canceling will only been seen as one more screw up on my part . i've managed to get over her and as the time gets closer for her get here, i can feel my heart pounding faster and faster .
i stopped at the local gas station to grab a cheap drink that came in a styrofoam cup . i immediately started freaking out and spit it out in the kitchen sink . Luckily, it had cooled down so i didn't scorch my mouth . luckily, the cup cooled down .
This morning i woke up with my eyelids crustily half-glued together . It's possible (likely) that there was some cross-contamination because of processing on shared equipment/may contain traces of . The eyelash was trapped in my eye and without thinking, rubbing away to get it out .
13-year-old me was a wedding gift to the toaster oven . Toasted ravioli turned into several flaming charcoal briquettes . My whole family still bitches about the toasters weve had ever since and my mother teases me about ruining her floors .
Pearl jam's 15 second clip plays before every youtube video i watch, and their ad shows up everywhere . Tifu by watching the lyric video to mind your manners by pearl jam. Now the same goddamn 15 seconds plays before all youtube videos i watch.com/says .
The penis is sticking horizontally towards the desk of the adjutant who is in fact a woman . The officer, the sergeant major and the sergeant sergeant major, is in the office of the company commanders office . The next day i get transferred to another company where i was summoned to the office .
My parents left me home alone for a week while they were in las vegas . So of course i tried to do what any teenager left home alone would try to do, have a huge party . Some of the most popular people around begging to get in, to my party, it was like being a king . My neighbours, who are really good friends with my parents saw, and about contacted my parents .
Locked yourself out of your home is usually quite the fuck up in its own right, i took it to newer, better, more expensive levels . Locking yourself out is usually the best way to get away from a locksmith . The door literally bent back far enough for a large fellow such as myself to fit through . An hour later, an hour later my door was fixed .
The bar wasn't balanced when removing the weights and the pole flipped over, sending the tip into the plaster wall . Was asked to feed by sister in laws pets while she was away for the weekend, decided to take up her husband's offer of using his weights set .
The 12-year-old has a sharp 12 year old sister who decides to knock on her locked door one night . After not responding for a good 10 minutes as i was doing my work (actual school work), she seemingly gives up and walks off . The rest of the car ride was incredibly awkward .
i've been in a serious relationship with a great guy for about 5 months . The boyfriend is suspicious. He knows that my texts didn't add up. Now i don't know what to tell him and how . i hate myself and i want to die. i am scumbag stacy.
i was walking through a parking lot when all of a sudden this car blares its horn at me . Being the cranky badass wannabe 21-year-old that i am, i flip the car the bird and proceed to carry on while silently congratulating myself on a job well done . Fortunately she had a sense of humor about it .
The other girl, let's keep her unnamed, is in 8th grade but had to start a year late because of birthday . After seeing a facebook post about her self harm, i'd message her and try to help her out . After two days, find out she still likes me and is basically obsessed with me . After hanging out with her today (7/31) she whispers in her ear \"next time, we can do something more than s-e-x\"
The moment the hand wipe made contact, it felt like someone had lit a molotov cocktail in my ass . Hand wipes have a soft, moist feeling of relief, but hand wipes are extremely alcoholic in content, to be more than 65% alcoholic . The moment it made contact with hand wipes, i had to keep working with an ass of fire .
i was on my way to meet my dad at a golf course for a nice afternoon round . My iphone gps decided to tell me to make a right on a street, so i did. It took me off a paved road and on to a dirt road . My car initially stuck in a puddle, but really it was a big ass ass . He called me and said his car got stuck .
i like coffee but i hate hot drinks and i like this one but yesterday i didn't finish it . 20 mins go by as i'm sipping on this thing when i go to finish it when i tip the can up and i hear something light hit the inside of the can almost like the tab fell off and was in there . Then i felt it. a dead cockroach attached to my lip .
i decided to take a little trip to the coast in italy, travelling alone so unfortunately nobody to help me keep my head screwed on . It started with a quiet sunset beer, absolutely stunning setting in a fairly sleepy town . Cut to 3 hours later and i'm left with a group of italians we'd met that evening but slowly realising i'm losing the ability to speak in either language .
A neighbour from across the road has known me since i was a baby and does a lot of stuff for the church and had brought across the church newsletter and to ask about my grandma . She seemed flustered and stared into my eyes as though her life depended on it whereas normally she tries to find something to gossip about like the mess in the hallway .
My boyfriend and i had been out drinking with friends from about 5pm (his band had played an outdoor music festival, we later left and went to our favourite watering hole . By about 11pm he was looking a bit worse for wear and i took him to the bathroom to throw up (a lot) He was pretty much ko'd after this, so i got him home . Next thing i know, i stood up and lo and behold, my boyfriend was drunkenly treating his mother's armchair to a golden shower . The next morning, his mother chilled out, oblivious, on the armchair .
Biofreeze uses this menthol combination that you roll onto sore or achy parts of your body . The sensation of cooling sensation is like a bucket of ice water, dipping your stones into an ice bath . After a physical therapy session, i needed some relief from the soreness of my leg .
My mom wanted a specific kind of mosquito repellent that she could only find on amazon . Since i have amazon prime, i said i would 2-day ship it to her house so that it could be there in time for the festivities . This morning my mom receives a box labeled to me from fedex .
i was on the way from practice with my band when i accidentally rear ended a vehicle that was at a stop light after getting off the freeway . It was an older woman and she was not at all happy . There was no damage on my car and a minor flake/few scratches on hers .
In the middle of the night, i'd just walk to the back room, peeing in the drain, and go back to bed . The first time i noticed the faucet didn't work, but i thought it was weird, but it was turned off because no one used the sink .
i brought my signed first edition copy of damned by chuck pahalniuk to work today . This was my favorite piece of my book collection, due to having him signed it after meeting him . After picking it up, she lost her grip and dropped it on the ground .
so i started yelling at them while i was facetiming with her . After everything was done i tried calling her back and she didn't answer . She hasn't talked to me for a week and hasn't been talking to me since she hasn't spoken to him .
i had a summer school assignment do in the morning (like 8:00) and i have another assignment due tom that is basically the same but i forgot how to calculate . oh and i think i accidentally stapled it to my grandpa stuff which he needed .
The dentist's plan is to have him come in five more times to get fillings . All of my teeth but one have horrible cavities in them . This cost $5,000, which is really bad because both of my parents are unemployed, which both parents are jobless .
i borrowed a friend's id and i got into the pool parties, i got dehydrated and ended up in an ambulance and hospital for intoxication/dehydration . A month later, my friend got a bill for $800 other than paying for it, is there any way i can get out of this?
The bottom screen has started working again but glitched out and stopped working entirely on one occasion,i'm just gonna put it in rice and hope for the best . It's from launch day and the warranty has expired and cannot be extended,and i will probably go without Pokemon x and y or smash bros 3ds .
i am minding my own business watching torchwood in bed when lucy, my cat, decides she needs pettings . She gets on top of my laptop with her butt pointed in my face because she's a cat and cat love putting their butts in your face . So i gently sort of pick her up and push her butt out of the way at the same time . Well i guess i must have squeezed her a but when i picked her up because she squirted shit/piss on my mouth/face .
When i arrived at bangkok, where i'd have a quick stopover before taking a connecting flight to chiangmai, i was faced by a cursory bag inspection . When suddenly the attendant gets this surprised look on her face, then pulls two realistic-ish looking toy pistols out of my bag .
i was walking back through edinburgh city centre and i saw a man with a cup of coffee with no lid, so i thought he was homeless . But he realised that he wasn't even homeless, he was waiting for someone . There was a good 5 seconds of super awkward confusion and staring .
A few people from a post i submitted on this sub a while ago wanted to hear another story about the music department [here] is the first story about pissing behind a school piano . A friend, let's call him joe, plays the egg shaker . Instead of playing the shaker, he was pissing off the teacher, he got a splinter, and miss yellow was happy about this and laughed . This was a month before the *christmas carol concert* was due to take place .
i have about 5 aquariums in my home, but i have to maintain several other containers as quarantine tanks and breeding tanks . When i checked the schedule on the tank, i had somehow managed to push it back behind the [zebra danios] and [pearl gouramis](http://www.seymourfish.com/images/fish_freshwater/pearlgourami1.jpg)
i only recently realized that i actually really like him . After an hour or so he suddenly drops it. he's like, yeah...i think i love you. completely caught me off guard, i'm not to that point yet . Next thing i know my phone is ringing, he went out to get something or other and his clutch slipped .
i'm friends with one of the chefs at ku, where i'm currently at . The other day, my chef friend told me that a depressed chef is clinically depressed and is suicidal . \"hey can i grab the salty sardines out of your dickhole after i fuck your brains out?\" i say, \"okay that's just fucking nasty.\"
i was feeling a little parched, so i ended up on a quest to wet my whistle . As i'm pouring i start to feel a wetness on the back of my hand and hear a dribbling in the bowl . Everyone is drinking a little \"me tea\" right now.\"
A college baseball record holder, minor league pro player, and now on the fast track to be an orthopedic surgeon . When i mentioned baboons he stops the video out of embarrassment and puts his phone away . \"i felt like such a fucking idiot. what was i thinking comparing black women to baboons to my black friend?\"
The only available space for my pc-tower is a space behind my desk . After a lot of work i have managed to recover about 600gb from one drive, although i am still working on it using recuva and testdisk .here is a recreation of what happened .
i felt a bubble come out of my rusty sheriff's badge and it soon became clear what just happened: i shit myself . i've spent so much time wondering how so many adults have trouble not shitting their pants, and it just happened to me. i'm sitting at my computer when i feel the need to fart .
i decided to down three cups of coffee and eat a mcdonalds for breakfast when i had a dodgy stomach . After walking for around an hour, and finding myself in isolation, remarkably under-dressed and freezing cold - my stomach started groaning . Then my foot caught a rock and i flipped over - releasing my shit in mid air - and landed with a crushing blow directly on my anus .
i woke up at about 4:30am standing in the room of one of the flatmates . i was standing next to his bed in my underwear and had just pissed all over his bedsidetable and the floor . The next morning i was still hoping it all was a dream, but the phone wasn't damaged .
i bought a pair of black super-skinny jeans and started wearing them every day to school . When i get home and look in the mirror i realise i have been going around with a huge camel toe for the past week . It looks worse in person than on that picture though .
about 2 weeks ago, i kinda lost my temper and threw my phone at the wall . When i called in for a replacement, i was told i'd have to pay $200 . Now my phone has a broken glass face and i'm gonna have to spend more money fixing it .
The assignment assignment is due in 3 days . One pushy member asked me to assign parts of the project to everyone . But i forgot about the one who isn't on the group because he doesn't have facebook . Now i look like an asshole who played everyone so he didn't have to do any work .
i was trimming my balls and, normally, i use a buzzer with a razor afterward for a closer shave . As i was pulling on the strands of testicular whiskers, i realized, too late as it was, that my scrotum stretched with the hair as well .
i don't know if this is a major fuck-up yet but i decided to post it here anyway . i decided what the heck, i'll take my phone with me in the toilet . Disassembled it, washed it with water, then proceeded to soak water with water .
i accidentally called her by my ex's name and then she broke up . We're still together and tell each other we love each other . i hid a bunch of love notes from songs i sing to her around her purse and room, she hasn't seen any/gone home yet .
After watching movies online, i found myself to have a pee boner . After the movie i decided to watch movies online - and browse reddit of course (shout out to r/motorcycles) i peed on myself and all over the sink and mirror . The stream shots up in the air, and goes on me, and over the mirror .
The man i am seeing is not called james. not even a little bit . The worst part of all this? the worst part is the man's name was a coworker who i am not even interested in . He came over and we talked about it and has agreed to let the whole thing go .
i was lying in bed about to go to sleep when i scratched my left ear lobe . When i undressed i looked in the mirror and saw blood running from my ear lobe, down my neck and around it . The rubber stopper for my taper, too, was crusted in dried blood .
My brother has been dating a girl for about 4-5 years and its all you really need to know about that . Within ten minutes of it being posted i was getting a phone call from my mother asking what was going on and my brother threatening to break my nose if i don't delete the post .
After a night of some nail chewing, i decided to remove the polish and attempt growing them another day . After waking up in the middle of the night, acetone took a nice big gulp of acetone . Ended up spilling it all over my face as well while trying to get the bottle as far away from me as possible .
i know, i never thought it was possible. But in the last 36 hours i've eaten sausages, landjaeger, pepperoni, and to top it all off an 18oz ribeye for dinner for dinner . i've been trying to shit for the last hour, to no avail .
i've had a pretty bad couple weeks, so, naturally i took a long steamy shower and decided to masturbate . Fast forward about 30 minutes and my roommate gets home from work, hops in the shower . A few minutes pass and i hear a dull but ominous thud and then i hear screaming .
i used to laugh at \"the idiots\" in tifu. today i have joined the club with a delux membership. i will go \"back\" to work and face a barrage of ball busting after i tell my tale . The urge to take a crap came back so i grabbed my water bottle and headed for the shit house . Two of the office girls came out to get water also and got behind me .
i am in my room redditing and all of a sudden i have to pee . i finally find an empty green tea bottle , i do my business put on the lid then place the bottle to the side of my desk so that i don't forget to dispose of it later .
For a long while i've really liked this girl at my school . She didn't share the same feelings, but said that if i really wanted to get to know the \"real her\" i told her how i felt a couple of weeks ago, but she said that she was going through some stuff at the time . This gave me hope that maybe one day something could happen between us .
i didn't feel sick today, but i did have a couple of farts that i trusted coming home . By the time i got in the door, i knew not to trust anything else . This was about an hour ago, and my butthole is still not happy about it .
over the weekend, my parents were at a wedding, so i was in charge . My mom gave me emergency money, plus $25 for my sister's car . We used some of the emergency money for red robin and arcade games . One dog tore some things up making a mess on my parents bed .
A group of high school boys looked through the windows on theyre bikes with looks of awe and disbelief, noses pushed up on the glass . i closed my eyes for a few seconds, enjoying my dirty time and was on the edge of cumming . It was a mix of pleasure, shame, and guilt .
i work as a server/manager at a fine dining italian restaurant . One of our regulars, a barfly really, always told me she wanted to do something with my hair . The next day i call her up and arrange to meet her at her place . She had me kneel beside her filthy toilet and put my head under the tap in her bathtub .
i'm currently writing this on a computer in the apple store, for those who were wondering . i watched in utter horror as water doused my keyboard . The professor and everyone in the class -- about 65 students -- were staring at me with a mixture of faces . All i could muster was, \"he.he.  the water. and, laptop?  i-i have to go,\" i grabbed my backpack and got the fuck out of dodge .
At home i decided to push it inside, go on with the night, and figure it out in the morning . The entire gas tank has emptied into the shop . It took me several hours to get it all cleaned up but we didn't have to deal with any cops at all .
An awkward pause on teleconference was on call . Me: \"i'm standing by my aquariums, guys. those are the filters!\" My boss: \"Oh god...is one of you pissing in the men's room right now? nope, not me!\"
i'm waiting for the bus with 3 friends, 2 of them and i are invited to this birthday party for our mutual friend . The third friend accepted but the other 2 friends got pissed off . One friend flipped off the other . How to resolve this? How do you resolve this?\"
this happened last night, my sister said my dad would tame a mountain lion and then i, thinking i was on reddit, blurted out ya i would mount a tame lion . needless to say i am now the butt of everyone's joke . i woke up with a bottle of lotion and pictures of cats and dogs next to my bed .
The friction from rubbing the skin must have caused a small cut to let it bleed . Very little amount though, i don't think it's anything huge but wtf.. wtf. on the glans, i'm not sure what happened to happen on the skin .
Yesterday, i woke up feeling sick and contemplated calling in sick, but instead decided to show up for work anyway . About half an hour into work, one of the bosses pulls me aside and says he needs to talk to me, telling me to follow him . He tells me to go home and call the agency for details .
it had been a while since i had seen porn and i feel that my wife and i were reconnecting . We had recently had sex again and it was better than i could have hoped . But something in me wondered as it did when i was a teenager and i looked at porn again .
i have been obsessed with reading the top r/nosleep posts of all time . i have a girlfriend who aspires to be a writer and is into horror movies so i figured i would send her one of my favourite series-posts . i recommend it to those who aren't squeamish, but this clean up might take longer .
The hubs had said last night he wanted to sleep in this morning so he could stay up later tonight to watch football (go chiefs!) so i let him rest while i laid in bed finishing a book and surfing around reddit for a bit . When i tried to get up to go pee i had quite a solid case of vertigo and bounced off the wall a few times getting to the toilet . In the process of sitting up too quickly (i know better than do that when i'm already dizzy, i'm a nurse, yada) the room started spinning again .
cute girl told him it would be badass if he stood in the fire, i'd had a few beers and was feeling invincible . But the dare was for 30 seconds and before i knew it she'd left. i'm still fire proof. but i never even got her name .
i posted a picture of a building i had made, forgetting that maybe one or two of my friends might frequent that board . That post was up for an hour before i deleted the post so a good portain of my mates have probably seen my reddit posts . The gf sometimes asks me to ask questions to reddit, so not *all* the questions are mine...
i went to sleep last night with the fan on full blast like normal, but i only pulled over my thin cover and not the quilt . i woke up in the morning shivering . i don't feel that bad but wow that was a stupid thing to do. i've been cold all day and feel tired.
i'm in the bathroom preparing for work and i'm swigging some mouthwash while i simultaneously hop in the shower . Half the blue blew out my mouth, the rest out my nose; gravity and water and ceramic bathtub shower don't mix . i rinse off and exit to a sore tailbone, burning nose and burst blood vessel in my left eye .
At 9:30, i was having a dream dream that was really enjoyable . When i woke up, i grabbed a can of brand-non-specific cola soft drink from last night, i'm horrified to find ants . The interview begins, and suddenly i have no english. Suddenly, i can't remember what i'm qualified in, what experience i've worked for, where i grew up .
My boyfriend was cutting his hair in the bathroom and asked me to come touch it up . So i grabbed the razor, not realizing he had taken the guide comb off, and took a chunk out of his hair next to his ear . Long story short, he's bald now .
This is because i didn't read the labels on the box . It's now 11 pm, and i've already spent some time in the bathroom emptying my bowels of the nastiest, smelliest feces with a consistency that ranges from watery to 'fruit on the bottom'
This is for a course in one of my last semesters of college and it ends probably today . The project required us to also hand in a user manual to go with the project directly by hand to the professor . i'm just goddamn goddamn hoping the professor lets me turn the physical copy in tomorrow morning .
i have ocd. not very severe but it does get in the way of life sometimes . If i am leaving the kitchen i have to open the door as wide as it will go, check to make sure the fridge/freezer doors are shut . Dropped my toenail on it while holding a cup of tea in hand .
i heard my boss, across the hall, laughing to himself and i get a ping that says, \"i heard that!\" so i told my boss to shut up. Luckily we are friends, but still, this is not good. Luckily, luckily we are a woman.
The company forked out the cash for me to travel to another city and take the 3 day course . The second day we finished early, to return the next day and finish the course with breath alcohol training (bat). Well being that i was bored as hell i decided to go to the bar in the hotel and ended up getting shitfaced . The instructor happened to be watching and i got kicked out of the course .
A couple of weeks ago, i saved up my hard-earned money and bought myself a sex toy to celebrate my 18th birthday . When it arrived, i rushed upstairs with it, tore off the packaging and eagerly prepared to plunge my brave little astronaut into its rubbery depths . Two weeks later, i opened it up again to be confronted with one of the most impressive collections of mold .
i was tired of defaulting to facebook all the time so i deleted it and left some contact info in case anyone actually needed something . After i realized, for some bizarre ass reason, i decided to close my post with \"see you niggas in hell\" and the tone of the whole post was inverted .
My ex and i broke up about a year and a half ago . We lived together for about four months and became distant and cold . After a few months ago we started talking again and hung out a few times . This time i had ingested a few beers and let down my guard . sleeping with him flooded all of my feelings back .
Recently, i had recently read a tread detailing what a dishonest organization susan g. komen is . When i noticed a box of breast cancer ribbons on her floor, \"sophie\" asked if i'd buy one . As i neared the end of my smug diatribe, sophie burst into tears and ran out of the room .
i just recently got out of a bad relationship. She was 24[f] i am 26[m]. She was super neurotic and talked down to me the whole time . She was on the fence about me from the get-go, and i cheated in september . She does not want to see me or speak to me ever again .
i am really into film making and thought it would be a great idea to incorporate my passion into my eagle service project, not just make another damn bench . After months planning and completing paperwork, getting approval and such before filming the actual filming process, but the day finally rolls around . The footage was lost during the transfer process and i lost every bit of footage .
It was my wifes birthday and she had some friends over to celebrate . One of her friends brought over their 2 year old son . He was playing aggressively with my 1 and a half year old daughter and it really pissed me off . i left and went for a drive to cool off but not before saying what a little shit their kid was .
my wife and i have been attempting to get an open relationship started . She's been wanting to sleep with another friend of mine . i've been helping her ease into it with him and letting him know i was ok with it and that she had my full permission to do whatever she felt she wanted to do with him .
An employee call out and bitchy holiday shoppers got worse . i didn't think i was going to poop, but i did . i immediately ran for the bathroom to do damage control - i'll spare you the details . The manager on duty is still funny, so that's good i guess .
A long piece of pasta caught fire on the stovetop and floor . By the time i returned to the kitchen, it had set my paper towels on fire . Fortunately, i thought to grab detachable sprayer from our sink and quenched the fire before it spread too far .
The most famous austrian-german was of course hitler . All famous germans, like sigmund freud and that, are actually from austria, are from austrian . i blurted out with  \"all the best germans are austrian!\"
My neighbor almost died at my party by drinking way too much alcohol . He fell over as soon as we get back inside so we have to drag him back to his room . While on the toilet he falls asleep, we call the ambulance and take him off our hands the next day .
It was after the club and i was in a part of the state that i was unfamiliar with i wasn't drunk as i was the designated driver . A cop happily stopped me and enlightened me i was on the wrong side of the road. furthermore i ran a red light.
i woke up, brushed my teeth, sliped my clothes on, grabbed my lunch and out the door . When i coughed i felt a small rush of warm air flow out of my butt cheeks . Thank godness the manager never noticed the stench, he began to crack jokes with me, one to many .
seriously, wtf. Its like the easiest part of my job, and also the most obvious . Seriously, wTF. seriously . Its like like a part of the job, its like a job and that it's like that . and also an obvious part of your job, it's also obvious .
A nigga ran out like a nigga hittin n runnin. ran out . The rapper ran out of the rap rap rap for the first time . \"Niggasas\" ran out \"n't runnin,\" he says . \"I'm running out like I'm running,\" he said .
i was trimming my pubic hair before a date on the offchance that i might get laid . When i got in the shower, i didn't realize that the shampoo rinsing out of my hair would sting and boy did it sting . i was sitting there in pain, holding some toilet paper to my vag, cringing .
It was -25 here in canada tonight, and since i had my family over, i decided that now would be the best time to show them exactly how boiling water changes to snow/vapour when thrown into the air . Instead of pouring it into a cup or anything like that, i boiled the water into a pot. This was, as i look back, my first mistake. The rest comes pouring down on top of my head .
17 pound, monster of a [cat] obie, is just chillin there lookin all cute. In my early morning groggy state i thought it would be a fun idea to have him sit on my lap while i ate breakfast . When he sits on me he takes up my *whole* lap making movement difficult .
My drum major was looking up costumes for next year's marching show (which is lord of the rings... winning) and was talking about it on facebook . After a few other people comment on it and along comes along with the guy.. now.. he's been being a douche to her and calling her names like bitch and such . After i posted it the guy likes and it then i realize oh oh shit i just called her an orc.....
About 2 hours ago, i was messing around with a code file that i found on GitHub for an open source game . When i was done with the code project, i deleted it . The contents of that folder included several movies i had digitized, and the only copy of my very nearly finished engineering thesis .
i spent so much time gathering all those Redditors together and organizing them. fuck, i spent time gathering the subreddit's subreddit, Redditors and Redditors . The subreddit subreddit is now a subreddit and Reddit users can be sent to Reddit for more information on Reddit.com/Reddit .
My brother travels extensively for work and has friends from all over the world . His friend from gunzburg invited him over to dinner, but he could remember someone coming from there . The conversation was going swimmingly, until my brother remembered who it was who came from there said,  \"josef mengele!\"
Around one year ago i decided to register a domain name with my full name to make myself look more professional to employers . \"myactualfullname.com\" was directed to a gay porn site . The site is still being redirected to a site hosting a porn site, it still points to that site .
i thought it was supposed to be my name. It translates to a bunch of letters. It means it translates to letters. i thought that it was meant to be his name. i. thought it . i thought . The name of my name is supposed to have been used to represent my name .
i was painting my new apartment while my fiance was sleeping away a pregnant nap in the bedroom . When i moved in, we initiated what we call \"the naked rule\" whenever either of us walked through the door, if we had no company, we get naked right at the door . As i looked down and was about to step down, i notice a few of the other residents of the building looking up at me .
The /r/sex subreddit has pop up messages when i get new replies to my posts . My boyfriend and i have been looking to invest in a new brand of lube, because we don't like the one we've been using . My friends, classmates, and possibly professors can easily read .
i would still get a brown stain on my tissue roll when i wipe . 3o wipes later and more than 3 flushes. i got pissed of and just proceeded to pull up my boxers, wash my hands and leave . It felt like i got sucker punched up the ass by kimbo slice .
My wife has mobility and fatigue problems for a while so i thought it would be a good idea to make her a nice dinner we could enjoy without going out . The chocolate mousse needs to be made chilled for a day, which suited me as i wouldn't have so much to do tomorrow . While all this was happening the chocolate cooled and separated the chocolate separated so i think i've made the worst chocolate mousses in the history of chocolate .
i managed to get back to my desk by walking like i shit my pants . Thankfully i have a long coat here that i can wear home and less than 2 hours work left to go. Please jeebus, don't let me get called to go somewhere. Please Please Please Jeebus.\"
ios 7 gm and the public release version are quite literally, the exact same thing down to the build number and all . Apple's servers are being hammered right now, so i shouldn't expect to get this problem resolved for a while . Back up my phone before doing this, but i don't have the option to restore from a backup .
i was driving down the highway and had to scratch my arm and looked away from the steering wheel real quick and then boom! rear ended the guy in front of me . Thankfully no one was injured . i do have full coverage insurance though. i do not have full insurance coverage .
This is basically the same type of bus stop i'm talking about . Luckily there where only about 30 odd school kids there to chant and howler when i fell . The bus stop is basically a bus stop in the UK and is basically basically a type of type of stop stop .
The family has a system for this (with 40 acres this happens often). My dad runs the chainsaw and i help him however . He asked me to pull on a limb as he was cutting it . Instead of falling like it was supposed to it hit me in the mouth .
my gal accused me of cheating and i told her \"f*** you!\" not realizing that my kids were in the room . This resulted in them screaming, as loud as they could, for hours, \"fukyou!\"  without any understanding of what it meant .
A friend on skype was reading post on this sub-reddit aloud and i thought i should share my story after hearing the post about a fart traveling up some poor lady's vagina at work . Luckily no one was home and i just ran crying to my bathroom. Luckily no\u00a0one was home .
i work for an events company doing sound/lighting/video . At half 2, i decide to go for a quick pre-show dump in the venue's crappy hired portaloos . After working the past 36 hours, i've sunk about 3 boxes of [starbucks mocha frappucino] and eaten twice .
The alarm went off when another firefighter was in the shower . When the tone dropped he comes down in his underwear and puts his gear on . The mic on my radio was caught in my air pack and was keyed up so everyone could hear what i was saying . The other firefighter and i got a stern talk from a superior .
it really hurts . It really hurts. it really hurt . It's really fucking hurts. It really really hurts.\" It really hurt. It hurts. I really fucking hurt. I\u2019m not sure what it does to do with it. It\u2019s a really fucking pain. It is really fucking fucking .
One of the kids i went with like to smoke weed and one of them brought half an o along . The car was unsuspected with a tail light out... we were 30 mins from being home and i see cop lights go off . The officer come up asks us where we were at and informed me about the light being out. He then asks me to step out and get on the side of the road .
My hand is grasping part of her boob mid-squeeze before i realize what's happening . Everyone, including myself and sister, laughed about it and never talked about it again . Luckily we're all very close, and everyone laughed about the incident and didn't talk about it .
i was going down the street when a mother stopped in the middle of the block to pick her kid up, i was walking right behind them and had to do some reggie bush shit to make sure i didn't topple over them . She walks right into me, and my arm/chest rubs right up against her breast . They thought i did it purposely, or at least he did .
At lunch i was the last of 4 cars in a chain effect rear-ending at a red light . No proof of insurance, and no registration of insurance . Because i'm an idiot who'd thrown the contents of my recently broken glovebox into a bag and brought it all into the house . The license expired a month ago, but also very stupid on my part .
i was expelled from college, my gf dumped me and now i won't get a driver license . This is not a funny story, i'm just showing how pathetic my life is so you can laugh at my face . Thank you for reading and laughing at my life .
Yesterday i decided to clean the office coffee pot with vinegar . i am not a coffee drinker myself, so i didn't know you were supposed to run a bunch of pots of water to flush it . My boss had just finished chewing out a guy for something he messed up . He walked over to the pot, fixed him a cup of coffee, took a sip, and began to throw up .
i'm guessing i wiped to hard in my hast to leave for work and possibly bruised the area around my asshole . It feels like someone forced their way in and now it hurts to sit down . It's thought i wiped too hard in his haste to leave the job .
Well the company i work for hasnt paid overtime . Well in reality it was more like 4800, 391 hours compared to my 108 hours . The company got threatened with an audit so they had me sign off on a contract that would cut me 1350 hours .
i work in the it department . We were doing an audit of adsl connections . There were 7 ports according to my audit that were still in use and were needed . So i proceeded to unplug the rest with wanton abandon . As soon as i got to my desk, the helpdesk phone rings .
My dog came into my room, grabbed my vibrator from my nightstand, took it to the living room in the middle of my two uncles and my 18 year old cousin . My 18-year-old cousin somehow turned the vibrator on her vibrator .
The only way i have been able to cope up to this point was by self medicating with anything and everything available at my local 7/11 . A mere 30 minutes into the simulation, my gunner became frightened by the sound of what he mistook for a buffalo stampede . The noxious smell of what i assume is my own gi track dissolving itself in the corrosive cocktail of energy drinks, coffee, caffeine pills and a gas station hot dog .
i was playing cubeworld, minding my own business when i get a steam message telling me to copy and paste this [data expunged] into my URL. Lo and behold, it was a flashing jeff the killer screamer with a loud noise . Then decided to be a devious bastard and post the link to the screamer on twitter, trying to scare all the people who follow me (already a dick move) Then the steam friend who originally sent me the link messaged me again, telling me that the link actually had a virus in it .
i'm in this computing class and teacher created a shared folder on dropbox where everyone posts their work and ideas and projects they have been working on . The purpose here is so that we can learn by studying each other's code . Teacher eventually restored them, but he said it took him at least two hours to do so and then create another folder modifying permissions .
i was reading /r/nosleep on my ipad at 3 am when i heard my dad come up . A couple minutes later, i see a hand appear on the screen of his ipad . guess who it was? he's still mad at me. He's mad at him .
i am currently 1/3 of the way there. Have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am. have to do all the work done by tomorrow . Have to work by tomorrow morning at 9.15am. Have you done all the things you need to do by the time i need to work .
The story begins last monday at the bar i work at . It was a slow night, but we had a couple of great customers hangin out for several hours . After i have a beer and a shot of whiskey and order another beer, i am actually rather buzzed and was starting to slur . i wrote my number down on a slip of paper, and she was gone .
At the end of the last school academic school year (spring semester), i decided that i wanted to take a physics class at the local university in my hometown . During the summer i decided to take the class at a local university to fulfill a requirement for my major and have the credits transfer over to the university that i have been attending . After weeks of emailing different people i am finally able to access the school's online resource website that each student logs into .
i was coming home from a friend's house after a fun night of gta v (not relevant to the story) and i was approaching a stoplight and my eyes tricked me into thinking the light was green when it was actually red . Luckily luckily i didn't crash, unluckily there was a cop car sitting at the light and he instantly pulled me over .
The next thing i noticed was that his progress had disappeared . i almost threw up all over the console, not before jumping out the window, and restarting the console and reloading the game 4 times . If you were my boyfriend, i would hate me, you would probably hate me .
1931 ford model a belonged to my great grandfather and is all my dad has left of his granddad . The 1931 car had no power brakes to begin with and stopping distance leaves something to be desired . i didn't brake soon enough and my momentum carried me into the rear bumper of his truck .
i was praying (no pun intended) that it was a random number... but nope it was my mom's boss... who is a priest . i tried to laugh it off, but i couldn't stop freaking the fuck out. Luckily when i answered he didn't mention anything about a message and asked me about school .
This was my first steam sale and the sale was going until december 3rd . During a steam sale, all games are discounted, but they get even cheaper when they become a daily deal or a flash sale . i thought that meant that the sale would end at the end of the day instead of at 10am pst .
i'm posting this here in the hope i will never forget it... maybe i should have googled this... it would have saved me the trouble i went through today, it really was not nice . After this experience im definitely going to remember to clean up afterwards with wipes or wipes .
A man called from the local er was looking for a safe place to stay . He told his supervisor that he had been abusing his wife for over three years . The man ended up staying in a hotel for three nights before being able to contact family in the state to stay with them .
The \"tifu\" is an lcifu.com: \"Father had been putting used giftwrap and such into the fireplace all morning. To \"play it safe,\" i put it back in the envelope, and put it in the box, i put the gift back in it . The 'tifu' was actually last christmas .
After school my friends and i hangout and when it gets to cold we go in the boys locker room and play games on our laptop . Janitor who never wants us in there, (it's not against the school rules) and he always yells at us . When i got the idea to pee in the trashcan, so i did. right before i finished my physics teacher walks in and says \"what the hell do you think you're doing\"
i have a pet leopard gecko (she's called saphira) i use a heat lamp to keep her enclosure warm and well lit during the day . The bulb i was using burnt out about a week ago, and the temperatures here in florida are beginning to cool down . With that in mind, i went down to the pet store to pick up a new bulb .
'tried to sleep in my car and my parked car got it,' says author . Used lemon lime air freshener to clean up the car . Was trashed from margaritas after i got 'trashed' and started to vomit in her car . Got an expensive car wash and then used lemon lime . Got home and it wasn't pretty .
i woke up this morning with a giant purple bruise on my upper arm . The day goes on, i found my self in a very hot room, surrounded by 40 or so classmates . i have never been so grateful for being able to take off clothes as i got home .
The biohazard tattoo on his shoulder is \"biohazard-marked\" A few years ago, two guys were noticeably stealing looks at me and whispering to each other in the locker room . \"i'm hiv positive in the gay community, and i'm pretty sure that kilted man was okay with that,\" i replied .
The master's student had to give presentations over the course of two weeks for an assessment . When he asked if there were any questions, the plan started to unravel . The plan was an excellent joke to invent a theorist, and ask if he had done any research into the person's work . The 'theorist' was in fact an obscure composer that no one had heard of .
Taking walks in the middle of the night just before going to bed to be very relaxing and helping me with my sleep issues . One night i heard someone stop just outside my door and walked up and stand there butt-naked or i stayed under my blanket with the porn on the computer . The door opened and i laughed and explained the situation . The walks didn't feel the same after that so i stopped shortly after .
\"todayifuckedup\" is the latest in a series of photos taken in the U.S. http://://://www.imageshack.com/daily.uk/dailyphotoshoshoot.com: Today ifuckedup.com will be released on September 1st .
i didn't want to throw my cigarette out the window so i put it in a cup of tea from royal farms . i immediately proceed to pull over to the side of the road and puke everywhere. i've been on the verge of puking all day thinking about it .
i realized that when i was watching oscars today that i had watched only one movie among all nominations this year . The past year i've been so occupied with work and studies that i've kind of given up on my love for movies . i realized when i watched the oscar today that he had only watched one of the nominations .
The first day of college and this had to happen to me . This actually happened a few months ago during summer orientation and me being the incoming freshman did not know a thing about college dining halls and how detrimental it can be to your colon/anus . After eating for what seemed like ages i went back to my dorm and began to relax . As i thought \"damn getting laid in college is easy\"
Every semester i always end up doing worse and worse, failing to meet professors and missing class . i haven't even met with my advisor to see if i'm on track to graduate . Just got a d+ on a paper worth 25% of a course grade because i didn't hand it in to his professor during his office hours as asked .
i've never wiped a smile off my face that fast in my life . Maybe i'll tone down on the positivity for a while . Maybe maybe maybe maybe tone down the positive positivity in a while. Maybe maybe . maybe maybe . tone down . down on positivity .
i had to go to a meeting but was so hungover we made it into town when i started to feel like death so we go to grab a bite at a local patio bar place . Since i had eaten that damn sausage wrap and had a little coffee (yes gross i know) i blew nasty f***ing sausage chunks .
i was riding my bicycle with a big pack of people on a beach side board walk . In reality what i did was sexual battery and could go to jail for a few months . i spent the next hour watching the stainless steel bench fill up with drunks from the bar and watched them get out to wait in a drunk tank till the morning . i was welcomed by drunks, druggies, and derelicts .
i was meeting a bunch of my boyfriend's friends for the first time, and bowling was the activity decided upon . The bowling lanes were glow in the dark night . It looked like my boyfriend came about 7 times on my jeans . After it finished, i finished up my game, trying to cover the giant glowing stains .
When i'm under the influence, i say things i don't think i would say sober or i would not say them the way i do . When i was high at that point, i said ''naw, i wouldn't sit next to her'' and i felt really bad for saying that she's ugly when she is actually pretty hot .
My girlfriend is a yoga instructor and often invites me to her rigorous classes . i agreed to go the the early 9 am class, and ended up forgetting to set my alarm, or to do my laundry . i grabbed my old yoga pants, by accident, which i happened to forget they were ripped out in the ass .
My son has a cold, and as a 16 month old, you can't really get him to blow his nose . My husband found a version of the netipot for kids, which actually worked really well to clear the backlog of snot from the poor guy's nose . Then i decided to try it without washing it first .
Carpooled with a nice lady on the way to and from work . After a little while i get up to get a coffee, i look down to the middle of my shirt, which has fairly large white stripes on it, is a strange looking beige smudge . She had the side of her face pressed up against my stomach and her makeup rubbed off onto my shirt .
i was tailgating at miller park to watch the Milwaukee brewers game . i put my full vodka and lemonade on the tp holder and proceeded to conduct my business . Luckily, it was so damn hot they dried in 25 minutes. Luckily, the full drink landed directly in my boxers and shorts, that were resting at my ankles .
i woke up, washed my face, opened up the toothpaste, placed it right next to me on the sink and then proceeded to marinate my toothbrush with soft soap shea butter hand soap . Then stuck the brush in my mouth and brushed one section of teeth before realizing realizing my mistake .
i got a little too into xbox live . This one's not awful, but i get a call from the sweet old lady next door asking him to stop dropping f-bombs . This is not the first time i got into the game, but its 2.30am .
A friend of a mutual friend told him her friend, now referred to as m, just got out of a relationship and is looking to hook-up with someone . We set a date to go out to a mongolian bbq place for dinner 2 days before our dinner date . We begin makeout session for 45 minutes, in this time i try to go farther with m, kiss chest,try to go for the boobs but she says no each time i tries .
i always use 3g on my phone because it's very slow when it connects to wi-fi . After watching the entire series on youtube, i received a nasty bill telling me i had overpassed my internet allowance of 10gb by 300% (30gb)
\"will now fail this subject because i just couldn't read the date properly,\" he says . The 26th instead of the 25th missed my entire exam and will now fail for failing this subject due to misread the date for the 26th and missed his entire exam .
i was working out today at my parents house before work as they have a gym in their basement along with a shower and a laundry room . Any male male will know that you cannot mistake this smell... i smelled semen. i just finished wiping my face and chest with my own unborn siblings... there is not enough soap in the world to wash off that shame...
A candle from the flea market the other night smells like pomegranate-mint shit . This morning, i felt a mighty need to fart on it to make it smell better . i bent down in front of the candle and, to put it daintily, ripped ass . The back of my skirt was on fire, too!
i went to bed at about 6 am last night and woke up at about 8 this morning, only getting two hours of sleep . i was a little melancholy about being alone and not having any plans on valentine's day . At four texts from this boy that i really, really, like, sent just after i fell asleep, asking if i'd like to go on a date with him .
i gestured rather vigorously and spilled the contents on my stomach/lap . i have no idea how to get this stuff clean again and i'm too far to go home and change . Update: my girlfriend drove over and dropped off a new shirt like a boss. Crisis averted!
Ap physics teacher said that we were going to have valentine's day party . Everyone else brought candy, someone even baked cookies, and while everyone was walking around dropping the candy in the bags . Nobody even saw me, so i think that makes it even worse .
my brother, well he sometimes posts \"innapropriate\" stuff on facebook and im constantly nagging him about it . So i message him: This is the result: this is a result of a video entitled \"white girls can twerk too\" i go apeshit about it, so i messed him with him: this was the result .
Fianc\u00e9 likes his coffee to go into the thermos hot, dammit. He wakes up, i pour the coffee into his thermos and he sits down to drink it . Only it wasn't his cup, it was directly onto his testicles, only shielded by boxers .
i'd left a porn window open on the laptop my wife and i use, and the porn site just happened to be of the 'sissie' variety . About 10 minutes later i thought i heard her exclaim \"what the fuck are you watching?\" or something to that effect, but she doesn't come out to the living room to confront me about it .
Ambien cr is a big insomniac and apparently last night i sent my psudo crush a message telling her how i felt entirely in swedish via imessage. i just noticed it, and realized in my high ass state i misspoke a phrase that turns it from sweet and nice, to shallow and conceded .
This morning's unit had a 5 mile and 50 lbs ruck march . When i woke up and got dressed, i looked between my newer more comfortable boots and an older and heavier pair . i grabbed the old pair because they are closer . This is how i ended up with blisters all over the bottoms of my feet .
i started getting light headed and decided it was time to go to the er . At check in and comment that i'm about to puke, so they handed me a plastic basin and i ralphed in it . While recovering, i started to get really lightheaded and puke into the bucket again, which i guess was enough to put me over the top and i fell head first .
i work front desk at a salon and a woman checked in today with black shit rubbed all over her forehead . i immediately start laughing and walked around my desk informing the lady about the dirt and tried to wipe it off for her with a tissue . She just grabbed my hand before it was too late and explained to me what is was there for .
i camp out on the kitchen floor with him because he gets a little nervous when his family is away . When the housekeeper came in to neaten up, she found a toothbrush next to the dog treats on the other end of the counter . i didn't realize it wasn't mine until i was using it .
my friend and i pretended i lost my phone . We texted another friend of ours, then sent her the copypasta . Police were called and she took it seriously...we have called a lawyer. We've called a police officer and we have called it seriously. What could happen to me?
When i went to the grocery today there was a guy in a ripped-up blue parka standing out front . \"can you help a homeless man?\" he asked . \"Help for the homeless?\" i ignored him again. Probably trying to buy beer at the liquor store across the street, i figured .
Tifu by spraying leather waterproofing on his armpits . The burning started to get intense so i jumped back in the shower to wash it off, yeah, right, it's waterproof dumbass. got out, dried off and called poison control for advise. Found out my daughter had left the can from the night before .
i received a voice mail to go online and finish my application for the royal bank of scotland . The application went through and told me to give them a call for an over-the-phone interview . At 3:45 pm, they told them they had no interview slots left .
The school at which i am employed uses a rotating schedule wherein classes rotate one period later every day . Today that class was supposed to meet 5th period, according to my schedule . At which i assumed that they had all either forgotten and gone to lunch or that maybe my schedule was wrong .
On Saturday, i went on a blind double date with my best friend, his girlfriend, and one of her friends . He made the mistake of telling his girlfriend that she heard about the conversation, and shit hits the fan . She receives a text message along the lines of \"don't talk to me\"
a frient and i were doing what frients do. well since our location was sketch we were on high alert. About halfway through the session my dad gets home my frient had already cleaned everything up except for the bong . After locking the door real quick i decided to dump her out. This is where i totally forgot to take  the bowl out.
i was given a upgraded rear suspension unit for my bike the other day (hell yes!) The last couple of days have been fiddling around getting it installed and working correctly . When i hear a small crack/crunch sound, so i shuffled over to have a look and saw that the mount, on the frame, broke . A welder is coming to take a look at it, but even if it can be stuck on, it may not be as strong as before .
An hour ago i'm walking into math class, and i guess the weight of that textbook was too much on my bag . Within three seconds i turn around to see a trail of my perverted inventory of our perverted toys strewn about the floor . \"Thanks for taking my situation and turning it from me feeling like a loser into somewhat a winner\"
made fettucine carbonara for my parents, but forgot to cook bacon before adding it . It was still edible, but nowhere near as good as it should have been . The bacon was not cooked before it was added to the carbonara, but still edible .
i was using my galaxy tablet reddit app as a newspaper while i was dropping the kids off at the pool . While on the shitter and legs fall asleep, try to get up and end up headbutting the door . When i tell mum what happened she laughs and tells me to take a shower .
This would make it a lot more interesting imo imo . This would mean a lot of interesting, imo, says imo. this would make a lot different imo.\" This would be a great way to get involved in the project, which would be more interesting .
The story happened about 4 years ago when i was 16 . My cousin always brings it up and he thought i should post it up here so here it goes . To this day i am still referred to as \"the serial pooper\" by my family . The story was posted on the internet by my cousin and cousin .
i was in a hurry threw on some pants, and the first shirt i could grab, which ended up being a loose tank top . As he walked away, i looked down and realized my boob was hanging out the side of my tank top. i felt like dying in that moment, and i think  a part of my soul did .
The worst day of my life, ever, ever (but also, somewhat the funniest) When our 21 year old cousin stands next to us, he says to me: \"i'm not going to sing, mainly because i can't. i would if i could though.\" The vicar reads out a few lines that the immediate family had given him a prayer and then asks everyone to stand for the song .
My father is a police officer and i had always been curious about the mace can on his duty belt . When he and my mother were out they noticed my very red eyes and my father accused me of smoking pot, which i denied . Unfortunately for me i got the can of mace to show him exactly how it happened and you guessed it shot myself in the face a second time .
i hope i never have to contribute to this sr. but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability . But i'm also a britritishishish, but i've got a lot of well spoken words . i hope to never contribute to the Sr. but i think i'm a British citizen who is also a well spoken Briton .
i should have divided by 1000... on a spreadsheet to the president of the company...then arguing my math. by multiplying by 1000 when i should divide by 1000. by dividing by 1000, he says . On a spreadsheet, i tried to argue my math on the company's president, then arguing his math .
i tried to explain the 'full on rapist' joke from it's always sunny and it didn't seem to go down well . She didn't get it and it caused an awkward situation as she already thinks i'm quite creepy for some reason . @___________________@@
This happened to me last summer, but i thought i might as well share this chain reaction fuck up . After my run i decided to drink my gatorade and sit on the bench right next to the parking lot . Lost my wallet, my bubbler, 2 bowls, and an 1/8 of weed, which he then disposed of it .
Kylie's great grandpa left a box of \"chocolates\" on the kitchen counter . Later on i got massive shits and was throwing up . turns out i ate laxatives . Turned out to be a laxative . Lesson learned: read boxes of chocolate by eating chocolate .
My so has been sick on and off for the last few weeks and i just realized that it is me who is making him sick . My poor love just wants to make me happy and my toxic snatch is trying to kill him! The thought of him going down on him now scares me now .
i'm taking intro to physics, intro to bio, ethics, and spanish . Physics - you can miss one test and it won't count against you, ethics - throws out the lowest test grade . Now the highest grade i can get in the class is a b if i score 100% on all of the others .
i decided to make a bet that if i drink all of it, i get $5 from my group, they accepted, and thus i chugged that shit . Next thing i know i'm stuck in the bathroom having a waterfall of shit coming out of my asshole .
i'm pretty sure we were about to have s@x but i told her that it was my first time and think i blew it . sorry for the grammar mistakes . Sorry for grammar mistakes, and sorry for a grammar mistake, please for the first time on Twitter .
i noticed a crack on the tripod, where the legs meet the body, but i didn't take any heed of it . The good news is that (the remains of) what you're seeing is the filter that protects the lens . The dent near the top makes it damn near impossible to remove the filter .
Despite having learnt chinese for half my life so far, i am still not doing well in the ib dp course due to lack of interest . Instead of just getting on with the written tasks for chinese like i would for other subjects i took, i just fucked myself over by not doing it .
i only get migraines once every 2-3 months . Only reason i'm able to type this relatively well is because i have the locations of the virtual keys on my iphone's virtual keys . i can't read without substantial effort, and writing is equally difficult .
/r/tifu, we've reached 75,000 subscribers! on march 4, we'll be a year old, but we're still growing at a high rate . A big thank you to everyone who fucks up on a daily basis- we wouldn't be here without you .
i'm going to give it a little context on why my flash drive broke making me go incognito for awhile to my class . One late night i got home, i was so stupid to forget to take my purse of coins out of my pocket, which also contains my 8 gb flash drive . This flash drive, contains all of my school projects and important account information .
A week later, the apple store's \"genius bar\" told me that water damage isn't covered . So they said they cannot fix the water damage (which is a lie, but doing so yourself will void the warranty) so i was given another iphone which i had to pay for .
i picked it up when i heard \"hey drop my wallet theif!\" He snatched it out of my hands and proceeded to open and accuse me of stealing $300 out of it . The wallet was right at the entrance of the store so there was a bit of foot traffic, so needless to say .
i got carried away yesterday and sent a mass mail to my whole batch declaring that all the lectures of the next day have been cancelled . The actual registrar then sent a mail saying that his account had been \"hacked\" and no classes were cancelled . i got caught and had to meet the registrar today .
i forgot to clean it off my finger after several rinses and 3 hours later, my eye doesn't burn anymore, it just feels a bit numb . The campho-phenique is a popular way to get ready for the first time in the morning . After several hours of rinsing, it doesn't feel like a burning eye, it feels numb .
So, i ride a comutter train to work and therefore purchase a monthly ticket . i arrived at the ticket kiosk at the last minute, the train was pulling into the statiinin. i could have prevented this all together had i not left my wallet at home last fiday and purchased my ticket then . The lady standing behind me waives her hands as if to say \"move out of my way\"
my temp contract is not being renewed and because i have holidays to take i am off from today . Only found out on friday but feel bad i forgot to tell her til today. now we are both out of a job. Now we are all out of job.
An average looking guy came in and explained that he had accidentally locked his keys in his car while picking it up from the auto repair shop next door . i let him borrow it, telling him that we really needed it back, please, and he replied that, yes he would bring it right back. fast forward to 8:45, just fifteen minutes before closing the store . The guy has yet to return, with or without our doorstop .
i'm in school and third period rolls around when i notice a massive crotch hole in my pants . The thing stretched from my balls to my ass . i spent the rest of the day waddling around with my legs closed and pushing my chair way too far into my desk as to remain .
In a fit of boredom, i flipped through the book and drew something very offensive . On the back of the book, there was a picture of jesus, on a cross, crying for help . A week later, i get called down to the office . The principal, the guidance counselor, and my teacher were all there .
i just started working at a frozen yogurt shop . My only access to the internet is through my phone, because i can no longer afford prices from major telecom providers . The third email was sent today, at 9 am est, let me know i was being let off because i don't respect the business, and can't even respond to an email .
i decided to lay back in bed for a few minutes before taking a shower . When i opened them again it was about 11:30am. effectively falling asleep and missing an important lecture for a test in a few days .edit: spelling.commodestly ill ill, i thought it was a great idea .
i wanted a wet/dry shop vac for my garage, and bought a bargain one at a liquidator/take-back outlet store . But part of the deal was that it was as-is and no return . The original hose, coiled up inside the tank, and the filter's filthy .
i went to a club and got really hammered . Instead of doing what any sane person would do and call it a night, i kept drinking and convinced myself that this night wasn't over . Eventually decided i bought two bus tickets and then decided i should take a quick nap before leaving to social media mayhem .
i let my cousin use my laptop and when i got it back, i saw my mail client open on my throwaway email account . Every message was pretty much there for him to see, from my dick pics to craigslist casual encounters responses . He didn't say anything to me, but i'm assuming he went through all of them .
i was walking up the stairs to get to my car . This is the same ankle that i sprained a few months ago, only this time it was much worse . It was almost an hour of throbbing pain before it finally settled down . Now i can't walk on it for a week, all because i hurt myself .
i'm pretty upset. i. was pretty upset i was upset . i.m. iReporter: i'm not upset about the situation . i'm still upset. I'm not sure why i'm upset about iReport.com/Reporter. iReport: Share your story with CNN.com .
i decided to go for a run this afternoon to expel some energy after playing playstation . As i jogged down the driveway i twist my ankle and slide down the steep driveway in agony and have to be helped back inside back to the lounge . The drive way is steep and it had been raining this morning .
New boyfriend gives her first creampie in the heat of the moment . He cums buckets in me, pulls out and puts everything away just in case we get walked in on . He points out a huge wet stripe down the back of my trousers . The walk of shame up the stairs to the bathroom was not an easy one .
A cue-tip, to try and get it out, pushed it further in making my hearing slightly worse . Instead of helping, i pushed it even further in, and now i can barely hear anything . The health center won't open until monday, and since it's not serious enough, i'm stuck being deaf for 2 days .
The hard drive has been on for 24,000 hours and is 4 years old or so . The drive started accumulating bad sectors, resulting in the occasional clicking and hissing . After a day of trying to restore the main partition, i decided to cut my losses, delete the c partition, install windows on the new empty space and do a backup until my new drive arrives .
It had been about 2 weeks, and i needed to crank one out . As i leaned forward to catch them, the cannon fired directly into my armpit . Clean up was a nightmare as i am a rather hairy man . Cleaning up was one of the nightmare .
An army cadets unit went hiking to a government-owned land, an army base three hours away . The majority of the \"base\" is one big wilderness that they use for practicing with artillery and other training . After seeing about a dozen small plants, with inch-long spikes extending at all angles, i saw . The tiny spike barely breaking the surface released at least teaspoon and a half of blood to run down my shin .
i've been visiting my parents in maine for the last month, and was supposed to fly home to california today . About five days ago i developed a nasty case of viral bronchitis . Chest pain wasn't pneumonia, but a pulled muscle and a couple bruised ribs .
i forgot to button the pocket when i put my phone back in, and realized what happened . They said to come back in about 4 hours and they'd check the track . Well, they found it and found it at the amusement park, and i had to use my ipad .
The neighbor apparently has a history of cheating on the s.o. The neighbor's car full of their clothes, did they find out on their own??? to add insult to injury i passed on a message to s.O.o., saying, \"you may want to ask about opposite sex that left your place today\"
\"i'm sorry op (if by some miracle you are reading) He left op's cart where his cart was where mine was . i hope he/she came back and found it rather than having to go through the aisles again and picking up stuff again .
i like to think of myself as a brave guy, trying out jokes on random folks i meet . When i finally pick out a few shirts, she takes me to the counter and rings her up . She then says, \"Yeah, well my mom normally does all my shopping, so this is a first for me!\"
i live in a small house with just one roommate, and our door is set up so that the handle can lock on the outside . Not thinking, i closed the door behind me, not thinking, and i closed it behind me . Called the one neighbor who has the spare key for situations like this! but she didn't answer .
Last night's pizza night was a treat for pizza leftovers . As soon as i finished reading it felt like there was a flood of urine rushing to escape my body . Since i was facing my wife most of it got on her, but i also managed to somehow get some on the ceiling and my 4 year old daughter who came running to see what the commotion was about .
My sister is 14 and is a huge drama queen . She came into my room about 1:00 this morning to talk about our feelings towards my parents (divorced, he lives in nyc and she lives in tx, we live with her, he has decided to sue for custody . When she started twitching then she starts uncontrollably shaking . She rolled off of my bed on to the floor and laid there for fifteen minutes .
i realized i shitted myself and went and took a shower to clean myself . The worst part of it all is my dog likes to sleep under my blankets . My dog likes the blankets under his blankets . The dog likes it under my blanket and sleeps under his blanket . It's the worst part to it all .
After four years completing his b.s., i am job searching, and interviewing everywhere . My ringtone went off...\" **mulatto butts! black and white butts.**\" my archer ringtone resulted in a very awkward rest of interview wit me leaving swiftly . went home turned on netflix and played an episode of archer .
i thought it would be fun to get tipsy and have sex, but no that didn't happen . So we were in bed and i got 5 glasses of wine, feeling the perfect tipsy . Puked into my hand and all over the carpet, while he's cleaning everything up while dry-gagging on the stench .
Dermatologist told him he has keratosis pilaris, meaning hair follicles cannot break through my skin and so they pile up underneath and cause bumps . Later that night, i put the cream over these bumps on my arms, chest, shoulders, stomach, face, and stray bumps in random areas . After jerking off after touching peppers, i got a random boner and decided to jerk off .
i asked one of my coworkers to purchase me a package of googly eyes to decorate motivational posters for child support services . Two weeks ago i got a call from two of our higher up managers calling me and my coworkers for a meeting, we are in a transition period . A week later, my coworkers get a letter of reprimand stating that they observed me placing [googly eyes on a poster and did not report the vandalism .
i made the mistake of eating nothing all day but fruit and ice cream . After the smell hit me, my parents were across the hall and could hear me open the window . After yelling at each other for about half an hour, the went and slept into different rooms .
After dinner at around 8pm myself and my household decided to take a stroll . A few moments later, our dog, nala, goes out of sight, seconds pass and i hear her barking, so i ran to find her and see that she is chasing sheep . These sheep that my dog was chasing, were not only pregnant, but were pedigree, and their lambs worth lotsa money .
Every day, rather than ironing my work uniform, i just toss it into the dryer for a while before getting dressed . Instead of twenty minutes, they're in the dryers for an hour and a half . The blister the size of an eraser rubbing back and forth between my shaft and balls .
A different former coworker was currently in contact with a guy named james . The video was about 15-20 seconds long and showed only between just above my navel and the tops of my thighs, and of course my hand between my legs, and lots of panting . When i looked at the top of the conversation i had just sent it in and realized it was actually to james, not casey .
i was texting a girl i like but we are just friends ( i asked her out before  but got let down gently . The conversation went like this: How is your family want me to die!! which will be soon! i tried to back out but she carried on . She went ballistic and she went ballistic .
i was filling out my fafsa (financial aid) for school and apparently i put that i had $102,000 in my bank account at the time . Now i owe $900 instead of getting $1400-$1500 back . i submitted a corrected form (due by september 20th) but i'm afraid that its too late to get any of that money .
forgot a form of id for a tax form, and now my hiring manager probably won't be interested in rescheduling . Great. Great.  great. Great, great. forgot forgot  id for tax form form,  great, great, and  great .
A new neighbor moved into the apartment above us 2 weeks ago . The new guy moved into his apartment above them . After looking at his abode (his floor plan was truly bonkers) i finally oblige my bladder and ask if i could use his restroom . The pressure from crouching slightly right before sitting caused a geyser of urine to spring forth from me with the might of poseidon .
i was heading off to my fourth period class at my high school, and knew i had to go shit tons before the class started . After about a minute, i hear footsteps, and under the stalls, i can see a pair of very girly looking shoes . At long last, my salvation came in the form of a surprise fire drill, causing all current girls to evacuate and providing the perfect opportunity of escape .
The worst part is, i had to go home, shower, and change, making me late for my son's first holiday concert! It was either that, or show up smelling like shit :( :( :( : It's not a fart that was not actually a fart, so i was able to switch to the stall .
The bath water was all from the hot tap, yet there was no hot water in the bathtub . My brother had his friend over, but they were watching some stupid videos . When i was rinsing the bath out, i thought i heard my mum call out . turns out my mum was calling me, to tell me that she was going out and will return back in about 2 minutes .
i'm planning on leaving my school in new york on the 20th to go on vacation, and then returning home to florida on the 28th . A week and two days ago, a suitemate maintained a steady parade of people in and out of his room from 8pm to 4am, showing off and sharing his ounce of weed . i booked a ticket back to the airport for friday the 13th, which is very reasonable .
i was watching a video called \"how to boil milk\" and this happened: http://://://i.com/3g6jl16.jpg . The video was posted on YouTube by the end of the year . It's not clear how i was going to boil .
i'm a senior in high school and recently my so and i have discorvered that we both enjoy some pretty kinky foreplay/sex . While i was at state cross country away from my parents prying over protective eyes i went and bought a cock ring, a riding crop, among some other things . Now my mom took initiative and cleaned the majority of my room... and now my small suitcase will all my lovely sex stuff is missing .
This past may, in fact, i was hospitalized in a mental ward on account of depressive and suicidal thoughts . So, i stopped attending classes and stopped handing in assignments for about a month now . My first final is in 6 hours, i just woke up, distracted myself 'til nightfall, and then went back to sleep'
i deleted over 5,000 music files just to make sure there was nothing else else i could get in trouble for downloading content illegally . Now i have to start recreating my entire itunes library, which i can't play a singular song because none of the original files could be located .
i tried to transfer the title, but the signature of the notary doesn't coincide with the rubber stamp on it . i was told to get a bill of sale, but i can't even contact the person who sold it to me: my phone calls are being ignored .
The professor is an old family friend and had his number from a few years back . He got a new number today, and before i had it saved as \"(his name) <3\", so there was never any ambiguity . Text went something along the lines of \"i can't wait to get done with this stupid class and get back into bed with you;)\"
i cannot move without tugging on the hair and have tried to cut it out, there is so much gum it clogged the scissors . The gum fell out of my mouth and is now entangled into my pubic hair . i can't move without pulling the hair out of the hair .
i took a huge dump that clogged my toilet so i used a hairbrush to smush it up and then disposed of it into my trash can . My boyfriend came into my room and asked why are you throwing away this perfectly good hair brush. he was holding the shit end.
16-year-old friend and friend were biking in a special bike path . He heard him crash and turned around and rode back to check on him . His helmet didn't fit right (too loose) and it slipped up over my head . The helmet did nothing, because it was too loose, just slipped over my face . The left side of my face is made up of road rash .
i used to date my fiance's brother a really long time ago, and i feel that things are still kind of awkward between us . His brother apparently comes home and he decides to check who is home, not knowing that i'm here and knocks once then opens the door . He promptly shuts the door and goes into the other room .
i had every intention of subscribing. still, i just wasn't even thinking. Still, a free week is free week. Not too horribly bad, i'd every intention to subscribe. still is a free weekly; i just had a few plans to subscribe to reddit .
My sister recently had a baby and isn't able to leave her house very often due to taking care of the baby . While holding the baby he let go a fart of all farts, or so i thought it smelled bad so i passed him back off to my sister . When the taste hit my taste buds i immediately start puking everywhere, on her newly shampooed carpet, and all on herself .
i was doing some yardwork to help my parents out and had gloves on for most of the time . Somehow some ivy and weeds got mixed up in a trash bag . The next morning, i spotted the poison ivy on my hand and new it was about to get bad .
The inside of the bag was crawling with fruit flies . Insects were all over the last remaining scone, evidently trapped inside with no way out, having been attracted by the smell of the bread or the raisins in the scones . i just spat out every last crumb without thinking, spraying it everywhere .
i nearly had a heart attack when i pulled it out! i can't see any damage but i'm not going to stop panicking until she's back from work and has had a look at it . It's a slinky reiss lace dress that looks really really fragile .
The plumber came over in the morning and i had a hangover of my life, i swear i wanted to die, i just felt so sick . While he was in the bathroom to fix the water heater, it just got worse . He gave me the most awkward look ever .
The hard-drive of my sister's laptop has been fixed for a few years . After a while of searching around and cut-pasting a few files, i decide to see what lies in the my video's folder . The video was a harmless avi. file named after the date of which it was saved .
This happened a couple years ago when i was still in high school and masturbated a lot . The next day i went to grab another CD and noticed there was a weird substance running down the side of them . Since the one i gave my dad was on the top that means that one had the most semen on that disk .
i met my best friends sister two days ago, she's incredibly cute but it was his sister . Later that night, my other good friend's ex from 2 years ago hits me up to hang out . She tells me my buddy has been depressed and calling her a lot lately . i'm pretty sure my buddy is completely over her .
i'm a senior in college whose hobby is online gaming . My 5-year-old cousin, who happens to be holding the holy grail of drunken college house parties: the wii basketball . His dad (my uncle) tells me that isaac wants to play wii sports with big cousin listenlouder, to which big cousin immediately gets up from the 25 piece dora the exploerer puzzle .
i was playing candy crush on my phone when i was taking a dump in my office bathroom . After the deed was done and i was satisfied with the game, it was time to get back to work . But it slips from my hand, falls on the floor and slides over in the next stall .
i kept it in my pocket, feeling it all day to make sure it was real . Now i'm a bit depressed and think there's a deeper meaning behind it . Maybe maybe the other guy is going to pick it up because now, like i don't deserve it .
Being a horny teenager in the summer who recently discovered the joys of premium porn sites can lead to some very awkward scenarios . While i was getting up, my dick brushed up against my thigh or my pants or something, then i knew i wasn't going to be able to control it . The good news is, i like to think that the sweatpants hid the boner and that he didn't notice my weird hip position .
A large piece of adhesive glass that i tried to remove that stuck too well to the lcd and brought tension upwards . Now there is a inch linear raise (bump) up on the . lcd portion of the phone and the screen won't come on at all .
Out of shape, nervous, anxious, and full of pee, i tried to keep up with the leading runners, oblivious to their varsity status . On the first lap, i started hyperventilating and got a side stitch . Finished 43rd out of 50. ...at least i wasn't last?
i thought it was just another one of those gas cramps but it soon became unbearable and overwhelming . Ended up sharting on myself during the test . Turn out the shit stained my shorts and i made a couple calls and mom comes after 30 mins with a fresh pair of fresh pair .
The closest dumpster/recycling bin to my house is a good half mile away . i was going to pick up a friend from the airport and decided to take the trash out on the way with my dog in tow . The dog spots a squirrel and stab himself in the arm with the scissors .
i awoke this morning to feel the guy pushing up behind me, indicating it was time for some morning sex . While on top of him i begin to feel uncomfortable as i go through the motions, i realize about half-way in that the fan blowing on high is blowing directly onto where our body's intertwined .
i recently softmodded my wii to play gamecube games saved to a flash drive . i was always a fan of [donkey konga] and wanted to get the rest of the games so i downloaded donkey konga 3, which was only released in japanese . Formatting the game would wipe all data from the card .
i hate itchy, wiry pubic hairs. Having lice in your hair is one thing - but having a constant itch in your pubes? insufferable! so that's why i treat them as if they're my own children, and i gently caress them whenever they want company . At the end of the date, i could barely walk home with her .
After two howto 101 videos, i just want a crew cut something simple . After 10 minutes of constant buzzing and back-forth my head looked like half a cut lawn . Power cuts off in some twisted movie type shit so i look and nothing . Tomorrow's first day of school .
i'm home from college for my dad's birthday weekend and i bought him apple tv, which allows you to watch netflix, itunes stuff, and livestream your ipad/iphone/laptop . There is an inconspicuous button near the play button on my ipad that will start livestreaming whatever is on there to the tv .
A few short months ago, i was no stranger to the party scene . After a couple hours of raging (at about two in the morning), the group had opted to head up to the roof to take a break from partying . The group began talking about personal topics that i couldn't really chime in on on personal topics .
A friend told me that if you put a potato on your arm overnight and then the next morning you tap the area with a spoon you arm will break . The next morning i tapped my hand and it resulted in a broken bone . Do not try this at home. and do not try it at home .
The story starts with me visiting a 5-day festival over the weekend . The toilets there were really gross so i decided not to poo in them at all but hold it till i would get home . When i flushed the toilet was clogged so the water rose . The disgusting water spilled all over my hand and clothes .
i was hanging out with the roommates, smoking, enjoying myself . After getting to what felt like a [7] i decided that i was going to be productive . The laundry room is shared between a few apartments on our block, there is one washer and one dryer inside . The last load of laundry is what triggered some unexpected events .
The story begins in thailand where i enjoyed my holiday until i was infected with typhoid fever which apparently is caused by ingesting someone else's fecal matter . The hospital is actually really nice and is like a 4 star hotel with it's own kitchen and double beds . At this point i could barely walk from being so weak after throwing up so much, so the nurses took care of me .
My best friend's place needed to have the insulation replaced in their attic . As payment for said job, his mom paid me and my two friends with rammstein pit tickets . The next song starts and people start throwing things into the audience from the front (i'm assuming that it's the fans throwing random things they brought).
A middle aged man and his 3 6 or so year old children were buying our pet guinea pig . The children tuned their attention from the stupid little animal just long enough for them to see my penis flapping . Me and my girlfriend are held up there now, waiting for a chance to escape .
oyster crackers are delicious, one cannot just have a few . One should not eat 13 servings in one sitting because one is bored on a rainy saturday . Now i am super full and feel like crap damnit damnit. Now i'm super full, feels like crap .
i was trying to take the caps off to see if some of the lugs were loose so i used what i had in my hands, my keys, to pry one of them off . A little over an hour and a hundred dollars later i was able to drive home .
i decided i was going to name all of the pups and get the owners of the care home to start calling each pup by the name i had given them . The fact that the pup is named after a pony from a tv show escaped from everyone, until today, when, in a discussion about amnesia, i mention alois from the justine dlc of amnesia .
i smoke cigarettes and still being under 18 i have to hide it from my parents . So i'm just sitting there giving myself cancer when i hear a frenzied knocking at my door . Apparently my neighbor saw the smoke and thought it was my ac . My dad then went to look at my ac and saw the cigarette butts in the window .
The alarm gives us 70 seconds to exit the building, while simultaneously contacting the alarm company, police, and my manager . Just before we were about to leave, with 35 seconds left, i realized my coworker forgot to print the weekly labor reports, which are required for payroll . The alarm deafened us, the phone started ringing, and a police car showed up in front of the restaurant .
Workmate comes up and asks me if the others are bothering me, and i answer yes since i think he isn't serious... but he was and he started to talk about how much he doesn't like that i get joked around with . Fast forward one hour and i get a phone call from the work-leader who told me he had with the guy from before that i was tired of their crap and was done being bullied... and this was not how i expected it to be so now there is a shitstorm brewing .
i make a lot of analogies when i teach . But when teaching about an important technique in the course i tell them \"this is a big stick; make sure you know how to whack it,\" i instantly knew ifu.commentedmentedmented me and my big mouth .
i was driving to work and i hit a cat with my car . The cat then suddenly comes to life and bolts out of the car . He then takes off into a heavily wooded park and completely disappeared . The only vet clinic in the next town is in town .
i got stupid and decided that obviously she wanted me to come on her face so that's what i did all porn-style (i pulled out then \"aimed\" at her face . Some of it got in her eyes and she freaked out . She has not texted me back since then .
i am scum. non even the first time i'm scum . This is going to blow up so hard, and i don't know how to get out. help! help! Help! i am 'scum. help!' i'm not scum'
This wasnt today, but i finally made a throw away, and i feel like unloading all my fuck ups . i gave her an option that equated sex to monetary gain and i don't think i can live with myself for it . My sexual desires are shameful and stronger than my will .
Drunk friend's house was drinking a few beers . When drunk i decided to poo, i dropped it in the toilet and flushed it . The water was not going down, and was filling the bowl and going all over the floor . His roommate came out and made a scene that it smelled and that i'd made a huge mess .
A fluffophile is a person who has sex with furries . One way or another, i sent a text that revealed everything i jerk off to include beastiality (dog on girl), furries, anime, bdsm torture, things of that nature . i lied to her and said i was kidding... but i wasn't...
The 3.5 year old daughter dropped off at mom's house . The ipad fell off the passenger seat in a slow motion method and onto the grey concrete making the deepest darkest rattling thud into guilt you could never conceive of of . The realization of the fact she didn't take the ipad into the house, it was the fluffy things, and dad, dad!!! left it on the roof and drove back to get gas .
The homeless guy at one of our tables had his hand down his pants and his arm was pumping up and down . When i got the room and opened the door behind him, he jerks his hand out of his pants . Security said they didn't see him do anything, and i sanitized myself for 10 minutes afterwards .
i got a really bad front wedgie when i stand up from my desk . As i walked back to my residence, this wedgie problem is getting worse and worse . After pulling down my thong, i experience the worst amount of pain i have gone through in a while . The toilet is full of blood .
i stopped at the grocery store to surprise co-worker's birthday . i put one canister down and tapped the tier next to it...causing a cookie domino . i quickly grabbed the oatmeal raisin and candy-coated m&m. cookies, but i still feel awful about what happened .
Hiking with a few guys from work was a great day, but i couldn\u2019t keep my toes warm . The group of friends looked around at each other, like they were undressing because his toes are cold . Hiker: \u201ci\u2019ve got two pairs of socks on at the same time?\u2019
i had a friend of mine to model for me six weeks ago . She agreed provided that i didn't draw her face . The photos were loaded on to her laptop so that i could draw from them and then delete them when i was done . Shamefully, because she is also attractive, she never noticed, the photos were gone forever .
The store has a no return policy and i would get fucking screwed if i don't return it . i'm scared as fuck guys. need advice. i need advice guys.com.com/can't return to the store.com for advice. Please email your story@dailymailonline.co.uk .
i woke up with diarrhea and stomacheaches . One of the jump scares actually made me jump and that motion caused me to spew \"mud\" all up my back down down . My mom walked by to check on me and she got a good look right at my junk all she said before walking away awkwardly was \"it's cold\"
i was at a halloween party where i have gone to the past couple years and randomly go there for parties throughout the year . There were some tough guys starting stuff with people, didn't have hallowen costumes on, and were black . They all start saying shit and i grow the biggest pair of testicles and slap one of them in the face . They rage in anger and follow me outside .
Customer came in wondering why skype was not working . After looking into it we figured out that she was trying to call cellphone numbers and would need skype credit for that . When she adds me a look of shear disgust and hatred rolls over her face . i just lost my analbeads, fuckkkkkkkk.
At school my greeting to everyone is a fist bump or if i'm being formal a handshake . When she see's me offering the fist bump she instantly gets pissed off . She slams her hands on the table and yells at me \"get away from me i dont like you!\". i just put my hands up said \"okey\" and walked away .
i didn't wash my hands thoroughly enough as 30 minutes later, after having a cheeky morning wank, the pain is excruciating . i've had several ice cold showers but it's still utterly excruciating. i'm considering getting a bucket of ice, next. Why am i so dumb?
i've consumed 7 red bulls and a 5 hour energy thing in the past 12 hours . i'm pretty sure the essay i've just written is completely incomprehensible but i can't tell because my mind is too fucked to recognize what does and does not make sense . The essay is due in about six hours from now and i'm too hopped up on caffeine .
This is a story about technology, inconsistent standards and assumptions . Each of them has the other's number and if the phone ever hits the fan with either of us, i will worry that one might phone the other and bitch about me or worse . This is the story of a man separated from his wife for a couple of years .
i haven't had ice cream in months . Been trying to lose weight + save money . Got a decent commission this month so i decided to indulge . Swung by a 711 and got a small tub of ice cream . Had a spoonful of cookies and cream, no cookies .
The leak was coming from a plastic connector of some sort that looked like it connected to the engine block . When i tried to start my car it didn't even turn over so now i have a dead car and a plug/connector thing that's super glued in place .
When i was a freshman in high school, i would just throw on a wrinkled one just because i didn't have a fresh clean one ready . The worst part, in his opinion, is that i had changed entirely out of my uniform into a different shirt and shorts . My friend in pe who was changing nearby looked up and started laughing... my other friends started laughing as well... the smell was suddenly so obvious to me .
i live on my boss's property, but thankfully it was just work in one area just outside my house . At some point between the time i rolled out of bed and when we left to go do our running for the day, my ring slipped off my finger and disappeared . i checked everywhere i had been, and there's no sign of it .
i work at a sandwich shop with one of my really good friends, so naturally we're faffing about the whole time . So i tell him i have to go to the bathroom, which he replies \"i'm gonna kick the door open when you start pooping\"
Go to the gym more often but lasted 10 mins. The gym lasted 10 minutes . The gym ended up on reddit.comcommentedmentedmented.com/comcompreprecious.compreciously.commodmodesty.com: Go to gym but went 10 mins ago .
My girlfriend got a used desktop in exchange for baby-sitting for her bosses . The previous owner swapped the sata drive with a ata drive connected to a raid ide card . After the friend left, i was semi-successful using a side-loader for windows to install but it never booted .
The light bulb broke out in the middle of the night . The bulb was broken into a hole . It's not clear why the bulb was turned off . The light is broken into the hole and it is now being cleaned up by the end of the day . It is not the first time the bulb breaks out and it falls out .
A family friend living with him has aids, hep c, and kidney cancer, all from homosexual intercourse . He is sleeping in my computer room, and often times, i forget he is even there . This was probably the most awkward situation i have ever been in, even more so than the time i was kissing from a big group of special needs children .
i accidentally clicked the internet explorer logo, as opposed to google chrome's..  i was too lazy to change the problem . i was so lazy to fix the problem, i was not able to change a problem . Click here for more information on how to make the problem with the logo .
i love this girl with all my heart and soul, but my ex guilt tripped me into getting back with her, and i realized what i was doing, and freaked out and broke up with her . And i told the girl i love what happened, and she hasnt responded since she has not responded since .
My mom asked me if i could paint my sister's old room so that it would cover of the awful design and ungodly amounts of blood on the walls . An hour later i realized i'm basically lying down painting sideways and giggling like a giddy schoolgirl . The paint won't come off either, and there's no paint thinner or anything around .
The Daily Student at 8:30 on mondays, so i usually get up around 7:30 . At 2:05 i decided to just get up and do stuff because it was clear i wasn't going to fall asleep anytime soon . When i got out of class around 9:40, i finished off the dregs and went to the bathroom to rinse out my mug and take a dump .
i accidentally breathed in too hard, lodging the small piece of plastic into the back of my throat . i start to panic at the thought of vomiting at my desk, so i get up to make a run for the bathroom . i make it no more than 5 steps and then begin to projectile vomit the burrito i had for lunch all over a nearby wall .
Some of my keys are more difficult to press . Not only is it a mess, but now some of the keys are harder press . \"Damn you nature valley valley\" says \"damn't nature valley\" and \"damaging the nature valley's natural valley\" \"damaged you nature Valley\"
i'm staying at my grandma's for some exams in the local uni and my uncle (who's living here, also, asked me to do a website to improve one of his assignments . Each time he would talk to me about it, i would tell him how i feel 'bout it'
reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1ctqjr/Reddit.com: What's the \"scariest thing\" on the internet\" thread . The comic did its job, and i'll leave you, /r/tifu to read the comic at your own peril/leasure, but suffice to say it did well .
i had to go to a funeral, which was very sad, so naturally straight after i hit the booze . When i got home i had this unrelenting urge to shave the area surrounding my penis . But midway through panic attack and passed out, then when i woke up my dick looked like gollum's head .
i witnessed a young girl, maybe 2 years old, get momentarily separated from her mom . She immediately starts wailing. i book it out of there. i . The girl's parents were separated from their mother and i quickly got out of the mall to get back to her mother .
i'll record a wedding, band practice, sports game, whatever . When asked what i was selling, i said \"if you have kids, i can record their football or soccer games\" i kept going quieter and quieter until she put a dollar in the donation jar and walked away .
i was hoping to dual boot, but now i am having to trail by fire and learn my new system . When i was installing it i chose the wrong method, and it deleted everything . Now i'm having to learn more about Linux and learn how to learn about .
My girlfriend is a vegan, and i am very much so a carnivore . She made me a 5 course vegan meal with vegetables, and lots of quinoa . But apparently my gi tract wasn't quite happy without any meat (i eat meat at every meal, usually) and i ended up having to shit super bad . Then out comes this giant turd the size of a large kiwi fruit .
i and my family was eating lunch together and i was drinking pepsi and my grandmother, let's call her nonnie was with us at the time . Then, nonnie started pouring pepssi into her  soup . We shit bricks laughing and i had a lot of pepisis in my mouth and it all dribbled out back into the cup .
My left nut is like sore, hard, heavy, red, hot to the touch, and twice the size of my right boy . After extensive research i believe i have epididymis. which is a bacterial infecction which has a few causes . Another main cause is chlamydia or gonorrhea .
i asked my wife for a wireless security camera for christmas so that we could keep an eye on our house while at work . Father in law volunteered to install the software for me while i was at work and i (foolishly) agreed . When i finished i closed the laptop and got ready to go to work, he opens my laptop to install while i'm at work, and boom-some girl getting railed at full volume .
i accidentally sold a textbook in september from amazon for $75 . If i fail to return it to amazon, have to pay $184 now to 'buy' it . The textbook has already been shipped to abebooks and even from the shipping location to their hidden warehouse .
am upgrading local high school server. removed hard drive to backup on my pc. mistyped command and made entire hard disk inaccessible. have to have it working by jan.6.6.' The hard disk was made inaccessible by mistake . Have to have the hard disk working by Jan. 6.6 .
i believe this happened only because my father would get on me about keeping my cash folded in my front pocket instead of my wallet . \"you're going to lose it\" he would always say . Now it's a lesson learned now it's learned to keep it folded in your wallet .
A story about what happened to me over the last few years under what is my default username for everything . Found out when i woke up that my best friend and a bunch of my other friends knew about it because it had hit the front page . Thank god the people mentioned in it didn't find out, but it could have been terribly devastating .
i finished my smoke sitting in poop juice. cant cant cant believe i was 30 before i had one . Finished my smoke sat in poop juices. cant't believe i've had one one before i'd had a one . cant cant\u00a0believe\u00a0i was 30 years old before having one .
When i woke up i just knew right then and there, i am going to hate this day . 11 birds dead! i don't know how to take care of them, i panicked! My uncle's father (also a birdkeeper, came to take a visit and was shocked! so he sent my nephew to scold me saying \"how dare you disrespect my father\"
When i came to collect them as soon as i put them on i thought, \"i've made a huge mistake\". They crush my skull and give me a headache . Now i have to either shell out another $200 or wait another two years until my insurance will buy another pair of glasses .
i was on the phone this morning with a field agent coworker and we were talking about an account that was having issues with getting paid . The exact words i used \"that word\" and that i don't think he meant it in a hurtful way . A coworker pulled me aside to warn me that other coworkers (who happened to be black) had overheard me having this conversation and she thought they may have been offended by it .
i live and work abroad, but i go back to my home country every now and then to see the family, etc.. for this purpose i have a sim card that i use there which is **not prepaid**, it's just 0\u20ac/month \u201cplan\u201d with nothing included and everything you use, you pay extra . After two weeks i leave the country and forget about my home sim completely . Two months later i get an email notification for that month, it'll be **330.06\u20ac** including vat .
i was biking and a bee flew in my face . In my frenzy i crashed into a stroller and was yelled at for a good 30 minutes about how i could have killed the baby . When i say i was sorry multiple times they called the cops and it was just a mess .
borderlands 2 was 10 dollars today on xbla, i asked my friend for 800 ms points . But of course dumb ass me decides he would use his mom's card information! so now i effectively owe two people 10 dollars . It's a little small for tifu but it was a fuck up .
Typically only posts ive read display leaving the rest of the page blank . typically only posts a read display display . Typically only reads ive  ive reads display leaving ive reading display leaving rest of page empty . The rest of this page includes a blank blank page .
The girl in my apt who saw me fall down my stairwell naked naked . The neighbor who saw him fall down the stairs naked . \"Though you are partly to blame, i am not mad at you,\" he says . The detective seemed more suspicious of the fact i still read that the newspaper more so than my bad luck, but no charges were pressed .
i just thought i would let everyone know, that i did not get fired . Thank you for the support, upvotes, and sympathy stories . i wanted to give them hope if someone a year from now is in a similar situation (like i did), when they are in a reddit thread .
i'm moving to florida in about a month, and my mom has been bugging me about cleaning out my bedroom for a long time now . In one drawer i kept all my old birthday cards and put them in the garbage . There was about $400 worth of checks from family members in there .
A few days ago, i picked up a pile of dirty clothes on my bedroom floor to put them in the wash basket, proceeded to walk into the bathroom and put the clothes in the toilet . Took me a few seconds to realise what i had done while looking at my clothes . The ones at the bottom of the pile were not fun .
i planned to play guitar and sing at my upcoming nuptials . i just bought the guitar and hid it in our room . She just subtly gave me hints that she knew what my wedding surprise was . turns out she was just spewing random shit and didn't know there was a guitar at home .
i had a cake and i poured myself a huge glass of chocolate milk . i then turned on my xbox to watch some tv . i was so invalided with the show i shoved the cake in my face and pour the chocolate milk on the floor, thus breaking his xbox .
i'm here with a hangover lying in bed and it is my dad's birthday tomorrow.. i've checked and i have extremely little money to my name . The wave of shame and guilt about being drunk last night is hitting me! The wave and guilt of being drunk is hitting her!
'realised it after a few minutes walk... realised it was a few miles away' realised it wasn't a walk, but realised it had been a few moments away from the walk . 'I realised that I was walking my way back,' said one of the walkers.\u2019s walkers .
i accidentally stabbed myself in the ring finger of my right hand . It looked like a minor cut, less than half an inch wide, but it was deep . It was then i realized i could no longer move my top knuckle . The operation will be expensive ($1250 after insurance covers most), painful, and debilitating .
The chemicals in lysol wipes do not agree with sensitive tissue . i tried water and it didn't put it out, so i sat down and waited in pain until it stopped . \"Great,\" i thought, \"at least it'll smell like ocean breeze,\" so i wiped. at first, there was nothing .
This wonderful tale of a child being bitch slapped begins on a family vacation to the beach . My cousin, who is very destructive and has this weird obsession with punching people in the stomach and genitals . As i fell from being punched, i lost footing on the stairs and accidentally slapped him full force across the face .
i moved out of my marriage after 15 years of marriage . After flirting with a woman, i text her provocative so she can read it later . She finally gave me an ultimatum; either i left or she would. and so i left . Now i am getting a haircut from a lovely lady who has just gone thru the process of separating .
i got distracted by my roommate after i tested the amp and my dumb ass forgot to unplug it . During the trip the positive leg of the ac cord came detached inside the amp . The amp amp was a small 5w tube amp and amp amp, all without killing myself . It was a straight up zap that made my arm numb .
i've messaged the mods twice about this. It's been over three months since the fuck up of the week was updated . Is it just not a part of this subreddit that is cared about? The mods have contacted the subreddit twice about the lack of updates to the site .
i'm in highschool and p.e. was just finishing, so we go into lockers to change . Unfortunately, my penis had somehow slid through the little slot in the crotch so anyone who was in front of me could see it . Fortunately, i was close to the wall and facing it so no one but the teacher saw it .
The gif in question is a gif of a girl getting splooged on repeating over and over again in plain view . For anonymity purposes, i've changed names to coworker a and b. for anonymity purposes . The gif was posted on /r/tifu .
i saw my coworker's status was online so i just assumed he was in his office and i could talk to him anytime . Later in the day my manager asked me for a status update, and i told him i was working with my co-worker to get it done . He wasn't there! even as i was about to leave, my boss saw me in front of his office looking like an idiot .
When i went to say \"there are too many fucking chiefs,\" instead i yelled at my (indian) boss . The office was having a pretty animated moan about upper management and inconsistent changes. We were having a lot of animated moans. We're having a very animated moan. When i got angry at my boss, i yelled .
i tried this new cereal we got and i fell in love. i finished a whole box and went back some more . Every hour its a run to the bathroom . Now i've been shitting all fucking day . My farts smell nasty and every hour runs to the toilet .
i had to go to sick bay and get it bandaged . It was a deep cut and ran all along my thumb, it's still bleeding . i know some of you thought i was being an an ass so i edited the offending part out of this article on Facebook .
\"last night\" i tried to hit on an old friend who i've had feelings for in the past but never gone after . After we got off the phone i decided to mix together some liquor and get a lil tipsy . As the buzz came in i got the wonderful ideas of: \"hey, your drunk right now, you can say things without hesitation cause your tipsy\"
i was heading back to my apartment after leaving my university campus . On my way back, my board lost it's grip and i got thrown off . Luckily, i caught myself and didn't fall or get hurt . The board went into the street where it got hit by another car and broke .
i was 'browsing' an imgur album that i found on /r/nsFW, when i dropped my phone . In my haste to get out of there, i pressed 'facebook' luckily, i canceled before i pressed the confirm button . If that had gone through, that would be like all of your friends walking in on you masturbating .
A freshman in high school was a subject test for biology; its based on information that i havnt learned yet (that i will learn in ap biology) A few people across the internet that what i did might not be that big of a deal at all, for me at least . The proctor says that the times up and im feeling amazing, i honestly felt like .
as an asian, finding good fitting clothing in america is almost impossible . After wearing it once and washing it, it needed to be ironed . As a result, i now have burn marks all over and i have two wedding receptions to go to this evening .
In his infinite wisdom, during his first drug test, i pissed in the toilet, and then decided to sort sort of \"scoop\" the piss-water mixture out . needless to say, i feel absolutely retarded, i feels absolutely retarded . In his \"infinite wisdom, i peaked in the cup, and decided to do something else,\" he says .
My boyfriend's house has been having plumbing problems . The toilets tend to back up and won't flush . So i went in there and empty my menstrual cup into the toilet, like you're supposed to do . The toilet fills up with water and period blood is still in there, looking gross .
tifu by shaving my entire genital region including my ass crack . The worst part of it is that i work in a non climate controlled factory . The razor burn and heat rash is so unbearable right now . needless to say there won't be any sexy times in the near future .
i really wanted to know if i had what it takes to initiate a kiss . Her hand goes to my forehead stopping me and informs me she has a boyfriend . She said she'd let me know when she arrived back at her place but i haven't heard from her . damn it all, i feel like i possibly hurt our friendship .
The boys wanted to play football, not a problem, and tore the crotch of their pants . The incident occurred at the end of the school . i had to walk across the school to get my car to get back on the road and get new pants . i did wear underwear. thank thank you .
i woke up with a headache, only to see my credit card out on my desk by my computer . Apparently i was lonely last night and had clicked on an advert for christianmingle.com, and i 'sparked' a girl that was cute . In order to message her, i needed a 13.99 monthly subscription .
i do not have a facebook and she does, i went onto my computer and her email was logged in with a bunch of posts between her and another guy . Now here i am, heartbroken and kicking myself, clueless as to how i am going to move on .
i moved into the apartment complex in august and things went down hill fast . The complex won't do anything to let me out of the lease because the girl that's living there illegally works for them . They also both had dogs who were poorly trained and evidently not very housebroken .
The dried sriracha plug failed after i applied enough pressure to the bottle so as to send a mist in the very deepest depths of my naso-pharnyx, where it acted as though it were made of lava for the next three hours . i figured i would smell it then hand it to her to her .
i'm lactose intolerant, so i accidentally drank my parent's milk carton . When i got out of the train station, stopped, looked around to make sure no one was around, and let out the biggest fart ever . The thing was unusually warm, and i felt the warmth flow down my leg .
At the beginning of the school year, i met a cute girl and my assigned seat was placed next to hers . It took me until final exam day to work up the courage to ask her out . However, i phrased it strangely, and i thought she interpreted it as me asking her to have a friendly get-together because she was busy with sports .
i had fully protected sex with a prostitute (only 2-3 minutes in regular pose) No oral, no anal, no kissing, licking, touching. literraly nothing except max three terrible minutes in usual missionary pose. We had condom all the time. We were really idiots. However what done is done.
my son threw up in the middle of the night last night . i was exhausted and not thinking and i rolled up all the blankets and tossed them in the washer . i woke up this morning to wash them one more time but all i can see all over the \"clean\" blankets is chunks of apple chunks .
i accidentally let slip that spoiler! miguel cuts out the eyes of a guard . After watching the second or third last episode one night we were having a few (quite a few) adult beverages with some pals . After apologizing for spoiling it for her, i had managed to accidentally spoil it a second time .
Spartan117au put some computer analytic tools on my usb so i could check up on my computer in fears of having a bad memory leak . Next day, i put my usb into a school computer and realized that i had saved those tools onto my usb . They were filled with trojans, adware, spyware and more . They have to shutdown the internet at the school for two days in order to prevent viruses from spreading on the network .
Every day since the incident i have had urges to shit but when i sat down only one loud airy fart would come out . But yesterday, i had that feeling where i needed to shit bad and i rushed to the bathroom . i could finally feel something long and hard exiting my ass, i was so happy .
i am in college and i decided to visit my dad because i hadn't seen him in a while . While flipping though it i found a picture of a person with their mouth open so i drew a dick in their mouth . He later told me that he gave it to the neighbor lady because he doesn't shop at ikea .
The urge to shit came up but i did the good ol squeeze technique to delay the inevitable and continued to scroll through the interwebs where i completely forgot that i needed to shit . All in all it was only a minor fuck up but still question how i got to being an adult and forgetting that i should go to the toilet when i need to .
A cat decides to turn a corner to one side of me, i look to the other side and the other car is moving at a speed while i've been stationary . The driver is literally an inch off my arse end . After a 10 hour long day at work, and no sleep the night before thanks to road works .
The pain in my toe caused by the pressure in the nail . The pressure in my lower digit grew, turning the nail an inky shade of blue black that rivalled the night sky . i ventured forth and visited a man of medicine. He recommended that he release the pressure through a hole .
The pain occurs when i look to the top left or bottom right, and the pain is unbearable . The pain is so intense that all day today i wanted to puke . All symptoms of optic neuritis seem to match my illness . i need to visit a clinic before they're closed for the easter weekend .
Soaked the room in time for the loudest, longest, bassiest toot of my life . The teacher turned on the vents they use to vent toxic fumes in case of a lab accident . \"i'm thinking a 7.7 on the richter scale,\" says one student .
i'm not going to watch some crappy low quality video instead, i'm a member of a couple private torrents for porn . While i clicked away, i clicked it away in the blink of the eye, i see something pop up in my lower right corner of my computer .
i've been working with this company for over 2 years . Almost everyone in my office goes to see clients in different states, i only ever made conference calls . i decided instead to drive around and go through new york city then head north . At the first light i decide i should probably plug my gps in and get the address for the hotel .
The first thing ms. purity saw upon walking into my apartment was louis' o face. i could have died. She played it off reasonably well but she couldn't look me in the eye all night. she's a good sport so hopefully i didn't end that friendship before it started .
\"i haven't had a decent night's sleep since the dream,\" he says . \"i didn't yell this of course, but i got a super awkward stare from the lady next to me,\" he said . The dream was about an underground network that provided sex slaves to the rich .
The default search function only searches \"posts\" and not the entire site . This is a wordpress site, but since most people don't search our site, i wasn't overly concerned . Now my boss has noticed it's broken and it's all he can talk about .
i like to smoke omw to work, i take the bus . While i'm walking down the street  maybe around 7:40ish am. Bust out my dugout and take a nice long drag, hold it for a few, and blew it out in a glorious cloud . Due to headphones in i never heard him coming .
My sister recently took a trip to cape cod, but could only find a flight out of a nearby city . She needed a ride because she doesn't have a car so i decided to chill out in a holiday inn parking lot next to the airport . After 10 minutes i think \"why don't i just hang out in the hotel lobby? they'll never know i'm waiting for a room, and if they ask i'll tell them i'm looking for a friend\"
One of my best friends in the marines got one day off today to spend with his family so he's going to a family reunion today . At this point i'm getting a little fed up with just driving around past 2 in the morning . My bumper is now broken and i've been pissed since last night bc of it .
i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter . Maybe they won't read it closely? Maybe maybe they'll never forget forget and leave the wrong name in a body of letter . i forgot forgot to read it and forgot to check out the wrong wrong company name .
i work retail.i hope he doesn't complain. i hope he'll never complain . i hope the retail store owner doesn't like to complain about his job . i work in retail.com/retails.com: i hope to have a job with the retail giant .
i bought a huge bag of skittles, some beer and a big, plastic cheezeball barrel . 5 minutes into it, our secretary jazmine shouts, \"is this some kind of fucking joke!?\" i'm let off with a warning but now the whole office thinks i'm racist and flips me off when i'm alone .
My boyfriend dislocated his knee over the weekend while he was out visiting me . Since his knee is mostly okay and we're not about to let some quality bang-time go to waste, we've been coming up with creative positions for sex . Instead of cum, i squirt piss out onto his chest as i orgasm, i run into the bathroom to clean up as he lays on the bed laughing .
i puked all my guts out with a half-digested pizza coming up my throat in big lumps . As if that wasn't enough, while i'm spewing said matter from my mouth, i clean up the floor, and just go to bed . After the poo-bombardment os over, clean-up .
After a walk, i decided to give my dog a real long nice walk . Unfortunately, i walked into a thick of flies, and spasm'd out a bit with head, and while the bugs were sent flying, i happened to trip over the cobblestone walk on my left and fell into a huge patch of dirt and mulch .
i was getting four hours out of the battery with windows 8, and decided linux would hopefully make the battery last an hour more . install ubuntu without a hitch, go to boot into it, and there are no os'es on my lappy. brand new laptop that i've voided the warranty on, and it doesn't work .
Was revising for my exam this afternoon, smelt something...something i knew. oh crap. literally literally. literally. how i didn't notice? They were my last pair of underwear, and my exam is in an hour so i'm now sitting on reddit, and not sure whether to worry about my exam .
i work in a chemical plant and in the area i am at today there is a single restroom with a locked door . So i clench my ass and haul myself over to the crapper . Well i hear the door open to the little building i am in taking a shit . A minute later this old operator in his late 50s walks up and opens the door that i thought i locked while i'm in mid wipe .
i'm very much for rights for women, but vandalism and blackmail just isn't how you should do it . The megaphone girl was just getting to the part where all men suck: \"after my rape every male figure in my life disowned me, my dad, boyfriend, and all my guy friends. but it showed me that i don't need them in my lives\"
After a cigarette break, i forgot to put out a cigarette butt without making sure it was fully out . The flames burst from about 3 foot high to over 8 feet tall and lapping at the overhang of my house . i grabbed a mop bucket and filled it from the out door spigot and splash it on top of the fire .
i thought to myself that he was giving a send off to his class such as 'its been fun' or 'good luck to you guys in the future' i commented, trying to bust his balls by saying 'let's see how you feel in college... 'some other person comments 'who's this douchebag?\"
i was getting some socks out of the drawer, and realised that one of them was slightly balled up . So, as you do, i started flicking it through the air to unball it . So i wasn't paying attention and the ball hit me in the balls .  "went and took a piss, and zipped the tip of my fucking dick in my pants . It hurts like a bitch, don't do this. it's bleeding and bruised. It's bleeding, i can't wear pants/underwear, or it hurts way too much .
i'm in an area of china that has a huge problem with (malarial) mosquitoes . i was lucky enough to find a really good mosquito net thing that goes on a bed . When i woke up i found four mosquitoes inside the net (with me) and my body is now covered with bites . i have well over 30 bites on my feet alone .
The story is about a woman who has never felt the need to throw up from being so embarrassed . The room smelt like two homeless people fucking with cat shit as lube, and to make things worse with every thrush, my boyfriend is being cover with more shit . After giving him head, the smell and taste hit me and i was like a deer caught in headlights .
i'm still new to muay thai and only just getting back into working out after two years of lazing around . Around 3am on monday night, i woke up to a feeling that made me thing a chestburster was on it's way into this world . i swear i flushed that toilet more times in one night than normally gets in a week .
i was bored and just browsing on my phone . Then i randomly find one of my airaoft bb's on my bed . As i go to take it out, it falls down into my ear canal . So now i'm on my way to the emergency room after trying everything .
When i was 7 years old, i accidentally stood up into a window that had been blown open by the wind . At 27, i showed up at the door of my ex, intending to talk and clear things up, but little did i realize how i was doing precisely the opposite of what i wanted .
i'm not very familiar with motors...actually i know nothing about cars or motorcycles internals. i got an itch while no one was home yesterday to finally sit down and get them taken apart . On my fourth turn i stripped it so badly on the first turn that now i have find a way to get it out and buy a new screw .
A small ant problem in his house is common in his home . This is the first time i thought i might as well share it so nobody makes this same mistake . The ant problem is a small problem in my house . The advice to you is either always check your drink before taking a drink, or never drink anything .
This morning i woke up very hungry and only a little bit nauseous so decided to make breakfast . While it was waiting to heat i grabbed a used stick of butter, butter looks like something i've seen before . As i began to unwrap it i got an odd sense of almost dejavu \u2013 butter doesn't look like many things... that's when it hit me. That's when i realized what i was thinking about was semen. it doesn't really make sense .
This actually happened to me last night but i thought it was worth posting here now . Last night i went to a friends house after being invited for a party . After taking my jacket off and leaving my wallet filled with $120 inside of it . Now i noticed some of my friends were putting their stuff in the ground .
sorry guys ====I'm sorry sorry guys guys = = =A. sorry guys mean mean mean guys =://://://www.sorry guys.com/Heroes.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery . Please submit your best shots at CNN.com .
There is a reason i don't drink much. i become a raging asshole when i do . One of my buddies said someone will punch me in the face one of these days. he said he might do it himself. i said bring it. i saw red and punched him .
My wife and i were in bed when i kicked my feet across the bed . She got up to brush her teeth and said \"you're on my side\" that set her off on a fit of laughter and imitating him in a gruff voice saying \"i wanna be on your front\"
So i thought it would be a good idea to take my brother-in-law out to a party that was filled with some of my really close friends . So after i thought he was done throwing up he still needed to puke some and while doing that he also released some from the other end . After i drove the car closer so he could just climb in and i would take him home .
The toilet was filled with toilet paper and lumps of shit . The overflow in the bathroom leaked into the basement so we now have dehumidifiers running in four rooms of the house and there's just about no way i'm getting any sleep tonight . At the end of the game, my dog is stressed from all the commotion so i decided to take him for a nice long walk .
A few months ago i thought i would take a break from my medication, to see if i still really needed it . So i saw a lot off things that i did that indicated to me that i still needed it, so i went back on my medication so i woke up late today and didn't take it, because otherwise i would be up all night .
Some time after dinner, i touched my dick, and the little amount of capsaicin from the jalape\u00f1o transferred over and began irritating the foreskin . After much delaying i stuck my dick in a cup of canola oil, after much delaying . It worked .
i was babysitting for a family who i frequently babysit for, they had left out some microwaveable popcorn . The popcorn was incinerated and thick black stuff was oozing out . In panic i ran around with the bag searching for the key to open the back door but by the time i had thrown the bag out the damage was done .
i was introduced to this devilishly addicting game a few days ago . In my excitement over his roommate's golden cookie powerup i knocked over a glass of water onto his new macbook pro . The computer is now in the shop for what i assume is at least a new logic board .
A month ago, i had a whole package of those extra-long necklace glowsticks on the floor in my bedroom . So i figured, \"well, why waste them?\" so i turned off the light . To find my entire room was speckled green, my eyes were dowsing .
When i went to try and stuff it down the drain, it ended up plugging it . Now there is about 2 inches of shitwater that will not go down at all since about 1 hour . Luckily i have a class from 6:00-10:00pm which means everyone should be asleep so i should miss any \"discovery\"
i've been writing a powershell script to find and delete redundant $recycle.bin files in our thousands of user personal folders . Instead of the 78 b file i'm expecting (from previous runs it was that size), i get a 4.9 mb file . The backup software on the server wasn't working because.. i'd deleted it .
The dream was dream world of a cop urinated on him and broke his arm . i fell asleep listening to law and order SVu so i'm sure most of this dream is directly related to that . i'm peeing so hard that my piss is penetrating the walls of this toilet, which was weird because i didn't think i was pushing that hard .
My phone was dead, so instead of calling my mom on the way to the pharmacy, i stopped at my mom's work to tell her how my doctors appointment went . The radiator fan had stopped working, so when i drove, my engine showed no signs of overheating . All because i forgot my charger .
Safety pin has pierced a pin hole in the bottom on my nuts . When i go to take a piss and i undo the safety pin and i feel a massive pain in my nut sack . The pin is good enough so that when i undo it and i start my stream .
A former co-worker who i keep in touch with is the actual perpetrater, and it happened roughly 20 years ago . The beanie-bomb blew right in his face, leaving it riddled with bean shaped burns . For almost 2 decades afterward, he would randomly be tagged with the spotlight as he walked across the compound .
Ex-boyfriend of her is still a close friend of mine . Instead of showing her the joke, i read it aloud . She immediately packed up her books and left the lecture hall . She has phoned her up to apologize and said she should have understood that i like to make jokes .
i live in a dorm on campus at my university with one roommate . i was skyping with one of my best friends from high school last night and talking about how much i really didn't like my roommate (who wasn't in the room at the time) i figured i had plenty of time to chat uninterrupted .
i teach tennis, and i take ice in the mornings to put in the cooler so kids have cold water to drink throughout the day . Unbeknownst to me, the ice rolled off of something and knocked the door to the freezer slightly ajar . Most of the meat will be thrown away, some steak didn't get thawed at all .
i put just a wee bit too much bud in the bowl because she gave me the signal to pull it before it was done burning . So i put my mouth above the bowl and inhaled harder than i should have been . Ended up sucking up the still burning cherry of the bowl . After coughing up blood and pink shit, no more blood came up .
i got a droid razr m with verizon a couple months ago with a new phone number . A few days ago, i was contacted by the woman that used to have my new number . She left me a voicemail stating that she turned on her ipad for the first time in 5 months, and it loaded all the text messages i sent and received from my new phone . i contacted apple, where i immediately got transferred up to a tier 2 executive (this is big time)
Around 3:30am we awake to growling as racoons are apparently fighting over the dog food which was actually about 3 inches from out tent, not a few feet away . Once the fighting stopped we were serenaded with the loud crunching of the raccoon as he sat against our tent eating the food .
i was at my mom's house and  was taking a shower . At some point i forgot to breathe and started to fall over . i fell into the corner of the shower and hit my head . i was conscious enough to climb out the shower where i immediately passed out on the floor .
i was edging, getting near the point of cumming, for quite a while now and was near busting . My underwear are on the other side of the room after a passionate passionate throw for the the the excitement of making some baby batter . My roommate, hopefully suspected nothing and i went on the merry way of taking a shower and cleaning up my carpet .
was supposed to get up, go for a run, meet for coffee, and go to a baseball game . i ended up getting baked, watching judges give death sentences on youtube . Eventually i had to poop. You make a large self-realization when a tear runs down your cheek .
i read the story about the guy stomping the cup that he placed on a nail to keep it still . Since i was a small child that knew everything at a young age, i went outside to prove it . i found a rake and placed it in the yard and then i stomped the ever loving shit out of it .
i was eating kettle corn with my right hand and the twist tie was in my left hand . In the middle of a bite/handful i decided it was a good idea to scratch my nose with the end of a twist tie went directly into my eye . i had it looked at by my mom looks like it is fine, if you are wondering .
i'd bought 270 turnips from sunday turnip lady at 95 bells a piece . Then went to try and drop 100 of them onto the floor of my home but instead fed them to my character . Now i'm stuck with 170 more turnips and i can't even sell them for anywhere near what i paid .
i couldn't sleep last night (at a time that was technically today) so i decided to watch this movie . After watching it i'm glad it was the single most fucked up movie i've ever seen . At times i felt bad for the man that did the \"surgery\" (if you could call it that), as he was mentally disabled and no one loved him, not even his own mother .
i had braces at the time, so they somehow ended up getting caught in some of the lacing of a mesh binder . The class laughed at me and i spent at least 10 minutes facedown on the desk trying to \"unbrace\" myself from the binder while the class laughed .
i verified the account to a random e-mail that i created so if someone changes it's password i would reset it back to normal . Feel free to comment-submit or use it in anyway you want . and if needed use it as a throwaway!! and if you need it to be used as throwaway .
22 months ago i got a listing for nearly 900 acres . The ranch finally got an accepted offer $5.35 cash and i screwed myself out of half my commission . The Ranch finally got a accepted offer of $5,35 cash . It's not the first time i entered in compensation to the selling agent in the mls .
i saw a post on the front page of funny about a nail being more aggressive on feet than legos . i set this route 44 kingdom atop the nail for placement purposes, and sure enough i stomp on it. nail only went halfway into my foot. didn't get a tetnis shot, just rubbing alcohol and kept it wrapped up .
The next morning, i farted and the fart woke me. luckily, i always sleep on my stomach so there were no stains . Luckily, i go into the bathroom and lock myself in for what seemed like a century . luckily, she had to go to work that day and i was still on the toilet .
The soup was cooked out of the kitchen when i woke up with a funny smell . The smell of smoke was so bad that i couldn't breathe in the kitchen . After the soup, i cooked up some noodles and the chicken water in to the bowl, but it wasn't until i sat down to eat .
Two months after graduation, and andy and i, in the heat of graduation frenzy, start fucking like rabbits . One of the last time we hooked up i was wearing my lucky panties (they have shrooms printed on them) One of them found her panties wedged into the sofa cushions .
i was doing a project at home, changing the leds on my xbox controller . As i scrolled to the next pic... it kept scrolling, landing on a pic of my rock hard member . My face went red and she goes \"oh.. that's the wrong pic\"
i was using my box cutter to cut and flatten out boxes for a co-worker . With my cutter still in my right hand, i tried to pull apart the cardboard flaps, missed and brought the fresh, very sharp blade, down onto my left index finger . i started bleeding immediately at an alarming rate. If i remember correctly, my first words were \"oh shit!\".
i've gone from being able to do 0 pull-ups to 10 at a time . Since i've had it i's gone from a pull-up bar to 10 times . i fell two metres onto my spine . After 15 seconds of no breathing i quickly realized there was no comfortable position for me to be in .
Today i was going to run 1000's in the park, but it was raining . \"who cares, badass is as badass does, right?\" so i hiked it over to the park anyway . When i get there, the boys' cc team from my school is practicing, and a lot of them whining about how cold/wet they are .
Two days later there is a letter on the fridge of dead animals in the fridge . They said they called animal control to remove the bag of dead bird . One roommate is known to be a tad bit over dramatic, and kind of a liar . The second roommate is unreachable but i am going to guess she got the joke, and if not, i will send her the gif from the show .
Guitar hero 4 world tour for pc because i don't own any consoles . When playing it for a while i remapped the fret keys so that the frets are now the first 5 fn keys (f1, f2, f3, f4, f5) and strum is pause/break and therefore can play like [frets on fire]
i don't even know if i need to move yet. in the past thirty minutes i've received ten calls from moving companies . In the past 30 minutes, i've\u00a0received ten calls\u00a0from moving companies\u00a0and i'm even more\u00a0amazed\u00a0by moving companies in the last 30 minutes .
The ass under only its own power may have long since entered a geosynchronous orbit . buffet buffet sushi in the state of alabama right before the lunch rush . \"At this point, my ass under the own power,\" he says, \"at this point\" may be long since \"Geosynchronous\" orbit .
i thought i share this story with you, because *sharing is caring* and it amused so much people over the time and i thought maybe some of you might be amused too . The one teacher - [chubby] - tried to hit back on me, so often we entertained the whole classroom . At prom night, all students, teachers and families of students were there .
A friend whose name is coincidently tyrone is coincidentally tyrone . As we walked in to art class, noticing that our teacher wasn't there he yells, \"yes he's not here, wooh!\"!\" \"Wooh!\"?!\"?!\"?!\"?!?!?!?!\"?!\"
i accidentally accidentally accidentally clicked add friend while i was stalking one of my ex's facebook page . i know it's relatively minor, but tifu by accidentally clicking add friend . We had a bad falling out.  we had to fall out of favor favor favor favouring a friend .
Benwahballs aren\u2019t meant for your ass but i thought \u201chell let\u2019s try this.  lots of people stick things in places that shouldn\u2019\ufffdt be there, why not me too\u2019\u2026 bad idea!! So i tried to clean it and replace the batteries but it still didn't work . After about 10 minutes (which seemed more like hours) i \u201cpooped\u201d them out basically .
So i cheated super hard on my chem final exam (got the answers before the test), and proceeded to get a b (aka not failing the class). My buddy knew i had it and asked if he could have it after i used it, but i told him that if he got caught, to, \"not nark on me\". When he was threatened with 10 days (just a threat), he gave up my name .
i recently got a new gps (handheld) and decided to open it today . It was in a cardboard package, but it had that awful plastic packaging around it . After using it, i've discovered it's a piece of crap, but i can't return it because it's scratched .
She came into class with balloons and a flower bouquet with the words happy birthday written in the petals . When i saw them i asked, \"aw did coleman get you those\" What i did not know however was that they had actually broken up a few days ago and that another friend of hers had gotten her them .
i was at work when i got the urge to purge. i decided to check my texts while on the toilet . When i went to put my phone back in my pocket and instead hit my knee, my phone flew out of my hand and across the floor . The man didn't say a word, and i rushed out of there as fast as possible .
i googled a subreddit for cow udders to post, but just came up with a subreddit of women with huge tits that they were calling uddeders . Googled the subreddit to post a link in a company chat room, but it posted the dirty subreddit .
Over the past 5 years my old dentist said my teeth were fine and i just needed to brush and floss regularly . My old dentist had told me i had healthy teeth when i actually had 23 cavities . My insurance only covers $2000 for all my fillings and fillings .
i'm out really late/early partying with friends because one was leaving today . We get back to this one guy's penthouse(a guy i met like two days prior), and continue to drink and smoke a few bowls . After smoking everyone slowly start headed back to the living room . It's down to me, penthouse guy's cousin, and this chick .
An acquaintance had a one night stand with an old acquaintance because she wanted the d and i wanted to give it to her . During sex we were getting a bit rough towards the end and somehow i get my boner an arc-second too high up and heard and felt a \"pop\" in my shaft .
At the point where i was half-dreaming and half-awake and i swear to god i felt this big-ass spider land straight on my face in the dream and in real life at the same time . The \"spider\" flew off of me and onto the bed, and i immediately woke up and freaked out and jumped out of bed . Then ran out of the bathroom and grabbed a cup and trapped the bugger .
At 15, i'm at the peak of puberty, i hadn't watched any porn for a week . When i took aim, my dick hurt, so i inspected my penis, looking for any signs . The shampoo went into my dick hole, therefore clogging it so that nothing but a few bubbles could come out .
i went camping with some friends and we were extremely hungry . The pre game upset my stomach and for some reason caused me to only have partial control over my bladder . Luckily i got out of the shelter/cabin without anyone noticing the shit that was about to come out my ass . Later in the morning i had used someone\u2019s shampoo they had left behind when i took a shower in the campground showers .
The gym down the street wasn't any nicer but charged more . The manager seemed very interested in how she could charge more for membership without making any improvements . might not be able to afford to continue at this gym very much longer. might not have to pay for membership .
A few weeks ago, i wear pants that have a hole in the front for easy peeing in the middle of the night . When she sits next to me, she starts talking to him, and she's wearing a tank top and short shorts . The pants in question, only noticed that i have no underwear on once i'm on the bus .
the girl doing the tifu i read went into detail.. enough said. The girl doing it went to detail. Enough Said. the girl does the girl performing the tIFu . Enough said. Enough Enough Said to make it clear that the girl did the same thing .
a pic was posted of someone meeting \"sansa\" at their job . i commented \"you should have raped her whilst shouting the hound can't save you now!\" i just cannot believe i was banned for that by a website littered with women having sex with animals, necrophilia, and all sorts of inhumane activities .
My boyfriend and family went for dinner with his family for his little sister's 6th birthday . When they watched us walk away they kept calling his name and we didn't understand why . About 5min later i try to pull my dress down a little and wha whaat it's stuck to my tights and cardigan .
i intern at a research lab, and today i have to make a ton of gels (sort of like jello) for a procedure called gel electrophoresis . It involves running dna through a gel using electrodes, then taking a picture of the gel to see how far the dna travelled . When adding ethidium bromide to the gel, i accidentally tipped over the bottle, spilling some of it on my lab bench .
i was in a photo-project and for this particular one, i had my hand covered in makeup, in order to make it look like i was bleeding . Afterwards i tried to wash the makeup off, but there was no more soap left . Now my dick looks like a prop for the worst twilight-spinoff ever .
My then girlfriend at the time had a tendency to flirt with guys in front of me . As the night went on, i got far more drunk than anyone else there and in a much shorter space of time, resulting in a walking jealous, drunk boyfriend and surrounded by barley tipsy on lookers . The end result? i had threatened the guys my girlfriend had been lying across with silting their throats .
My friends and i decided to grab a few drinks (not beers but mixed tequilas and shit) it was pretty chill at first but after a few hours i said fuck it let's get wasted so we drank from one bar to another until we got carried away and i blacked out . The moment i gained consciousness, i was lying on the sidewalk next to the boarding house i live in (how could i miss?) checked what time it is--hold on, *where the fuck is my watch?*
The new guy started at work at his desk . After a phone call i did a quick google search on the companies name, one of the top results was the owners linkedin page so i viewed it . He quickly clicked the link hoping he wouldn't notice. He did. he did. He knows i know.
i wasn't feeling good this morning but decided to go to work anyway . One hour into it, my stomach is in great pain, but i'm putting on a great act and doing my job . 45 minutes later, the manager has me come inside to work at the counter because i can't even stand .
It's 3:00 pm. it's 3.00pm. Parents are out, only my brother is home . Suddenly, i get the urge to fart . A glob of molten shit drips onto the floor as i flee into the bathroom . i sealed my underwear in a plastic bag and disposed of it at the bottom of a recycling bin .
My little brother, for some reason, just wanted to stay in the car, so i opened the door and left the windows open . My mom was also getting a little irritated at both him and me, complaining the whole time about how all we do is just sit around and do nothing . She pointed out that there was a long paint mark left on the passenger side of the van . My dad comes back at around 5:30 today and i don't think he'll be happy about the paint mark .
The next day i woke up stark naked realising what i did, popped on my clothes and went for breakfast . One cousin was shocked, obviously, i had sex with one of my cousins . The other doesn't think i've done it with anyone else, and i'm no longer a virgin, maybe one thing comes out of it .
A chip stabbed my nipple . The chip was sitting in my bra, and near my nipple was blood . Not using a throwaway account because i didn't get explosive diarrhea in front of people . The account was written by a teenager who was eating her chips because she's a hungry teenager .
i had perforforated my ear drum somehow . A month later i was supposed to go visit my sister at college . The pain was blinding . A few weeks later i went to the airport to see my ear pop . A woman next to me asks her if she could not take it any longer to take her pills .
i deleted all of my album artist data last night, now i have to wait on over 3000 songs being updated . i'm in a rush to go to the bank, and i only wanted to put one song on the damn damn damn thing... i'm just in a hurry to get one song from the damn thing .
i was training a new waitress, and helping her with her job, being that i'm not a waitress, i cook . The cook from first shift hadn't bothered to cover any of the containers he had out, and still had utensils in the buckets . i didn't stir the steam table. There were dishes that needed to be done, but that didn't matter .
i had a stomach ache, and my mom was putting medicine on my stomach . It was similar to icy hot, and i didn't realize i had some on my hand . It still hurts. somebody pls halp. Somebody pls pls somebody plugs .
i woke up early in the morning with cotton mouth and an incredible hangover . After getting my water, i saw some ice tea mix and thought, fuck this, sober me would *love* ice tea . Upon putting on my glasses, ants crawling all over the inside of it .
i often find it hard to understand what she's saying . Being the linguistics nerd that i am, i'm actually a person who is pretty good at understanding people with accents . She told me where she was originally from (nigeria) and i felt bad about making her feel like a foreigner .
The worst thing is that i want her back even with her throwing it in my face . She's telling me how happy she is without me in her life and how she's fucking a optometrist . She wants her back, even though she's not happy with her ex .
tifu at work by selling a printer to a man for thirty minutes only to have him ring up his credit card and press cancel and try to ring it out with cash . Without taking his cash not realizing what he did then sending him on his way with a free printer .
i'm a fan, don't get me wrong, but as i was reading my third /r/tifu story i found myself unable to suspend my disbelief . Is there any way for us to substantiate these claims? If not, what makes this stuff different than writing flash fiction?
i was strolling around the supermarket, as you do, completely switched off to anything that was going on around me . Out of the blue, the most powerful sneeze exploded out of my face . needless to say i immediately abandoned my trolley full of shopping and got in my car and drove home .
So, i have to hand in one copy of a script to my professor, and take one to a meeting with an actor . Later that day, at the meeting with the actor, i notice there are still two copies in my bag....and i know i only printed two copies of the script .
i was browsing reddit on my iphone and listening to music and the battery was like 3%. but normaly when it dies it just turns off and i charge it and it workes again . When i tried to make my phone work again there was a problem with making it, so we got to the icentre and they said my phone was dead . It contained almost 40 self writen songs and poems .
i had taken some xanax earlier in the day, about 1mg which is way more than i usually take for anxiety but had a stressful day . On the way to his place i informed my friend that sometimes with that level of Xanax in me and a mixture of alcohol i can piss myself . After many thoughts of what to do, i fall asleep again, in my own piss on his couch .
Soo.. a few hours ago, i was at the garden terrace of my house . After throwing away some crap, i turned around to go inside again . After turning around at a speed that turns out to be as dangerous as to eventually break my nose, as my face hit the corner of the wall .
So i routinely ask people who look like they are struggling if they need help . When i got to the hand part my brain went into emergency shutdown mode so i ended up saying \"let me give you a hand\". The guy was pissed at me and complained to my boss and she wasn't too happy either .
The only open computer was in the middle of a long row next to a girl who had about 5 documents open between spreadsheets, power points, word, internet and whatever . After about 5 seconds the tower went dark but my monitor didn't . The girl was really cool about it and made it seem like i didn't just ruin hours of work, but i felt like a freaking bafoon .
Every day i refill my bottle of water, put it in the freezer, and wait just before it gets totally frozen so it's sort of like a water slush . First sip i take a shard of ice rockets out of the bottle and, sure enough, scrapes the crap out of my tongue .
i realized today i am gay and have been in denial of being in denial and wasted the past 29 years of my life . Being gay was the absolute worse thing anyone could be where i grew up . i was raised to hate myself and others like me. i have kept myself isolated from society for the most part. i should have killed myself a long time ago.
After school some of my friends and i decided to head by goodwill to buy some cheap clothes . The backpack contained my (300 dollar) glasses and new, somewhat expensive jacket . As we're walking out, i check out my backpack for a soda later . The missing glasses will be a bitch being i can't drive anymore .
School is having it's annual field day on a close track field, it's all about running . Since days before the event, my sister (one year younger than me) has been saying that she is not going to run . i decided to run behind her and put my hand in her back to make her run a little (everything seemed perfect in mind...). she starts running; the moment a placed my hand on her back, she loses balance and falls (i did fell too)
reddit.com/r/bdsm/bdsm sub posts a picture in /r/wtf about handcuffs that subdue criminals . My boss thought it was bold of me to be browsing the sub during office hours . The picture was an x-post for /r.bdsm sub, but he didn't realize it was a post .
my sister is in the army and has been having health issues . Being the nurse of the family they all came to me and asked me to call and see what i could find out . The nurse apologizes profusely and puts me on hold for 5 minutes when the charge nurse came back (again apologizing for the delay)
A new client needs some accounts to be put together for a 14 month period . Just as i was about to enter a sales invoice i realised they were vat registered and that i\u2019ve missed the vat amount on sales and expenses . this will all now need reprocessing .
\"Shoey\" shit runs down my pants and legs, and straight into my shoes . The smell of shit starts exploding out of my ass right then and there . i roll down the window some more so any smell that may have come from what just happened could ventilate out the window .
\"i don't know why i said no... nerves? anyway i'm gonna just go ahead ahead of hate myself now. pretty self explanatory.pretty self-inflictedlicted wounds. pretty pretty self-diagnosed.commodation.com.com/prepared.com will be released on September 14 .
i was sitting in lecture when i start to feel sleepy . Most chairs at uni don't have much back support for me let alone neck support for you average height folks . It's like my head is getting sucked out of it's placement between my shoulders with the force of a giant head sized vacuum .
A pack of about 10-12 riders blows past me followed by a scooter . i swerve into the middle (center island) of the road and the pack (maybe 150-200 people) is far enough behind that i can clear out safely in time . \"This is a race. This is embarrassing but upon reflection it is kind of funny,\" he writes .
i went to a youth rodeo last night and there was a woman sitting behind my aunt and i . Next thing i know, the people behind me are politely informing me that she has huntington's disease . i apologize and proceed to google . The disease is a disorder passed down through families in which nerve cells in certain parts of the brain waste away .
i'm not educated medically, and having severe adhd i quickly forget this . When word got out that he had surgery everybody was questioning him, and he always gave the same answer, \"it's hard to explain\", but being the curious teenager prodding him for answers .
My older brother was using my computer in the din of the night . He then began to hear the tell tale signs of a fap session . This went on for about half an hour to 45 minutes before he started clapping my mouse against the desk repeatedly . My brother let out a very audible, \"whew\" turned off my monitor and hurried off upstairs .
Wife left the house to run some errands so i decided to bust one out before she gets off . When she comes back home, she comes in to give me a hug...only to find my family jewels and deflated trouser snake poking out and looking at the floor . Wife has a great sense of humor and we both laughed it off .
In the spirit of good oral hygiene, i decided to use some of my fine listerine anti-cavity rinse this evening . Spent some granular stuff in my mouth to start some vigorous swishing! i proceeded to spit it out into the virgin white sink . But it didn't solve the problem .
i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewed for a job in a local news station . i was looking for a new job in the news station, i was about to interview with a local station . In a new interview with i was an iReporter and i was going to be interviewed for the position of a new station .
The problem was compounded when the email self-corrected all other spellings of shifts . \"my shits were pretty quiet this week.\" The email was self-written when the spelling of shifts self-improperly corrects all other shifts . The email self corrected all other spells of shifts and self-confessed .
The knife sliced the middle of my penis . Fortunately, it was a small knife, so i do not have any terribly bad injuries . i still have a thick bandage around my penis though. i still has a bandage wrapped around my dick though, though i have to have a full bandage .
my son and i were on our way home from my parents house when my mom called and said i'd forgotten my laundry . The car was moving by itself, hitting the rear end of my mom's car . My son was in my car and luckily he wasn't hurt .
Me and my bf haven't seen each other for a few days . Texted to my boss 10 minutes later, my boss replied \"anytime\" \"i'm hiding in my cubical all morning. and plan on keep hiding,\" she says . Moving over from r/askmen...
Me and my girlfriend just moved into an apartment together 4 nights ago and everything has been amazing so far . This morning i woke up to go take my early morning shower before work only to see that she was awake, which she never is in the morning when i get up . Fast forward 20 minutes and i'm ready to go to work, and right before i'm about to leave she asks me to cuddle .
This actually happened about 2 weeks ago . i was with my ex for a few years and had a good relationship with her family and more specifically her brother and his gf . i then went to text my girlfriend, saying \"i just looked over and saw your jewelry next to my bed and it made me smile\"
i'm stuck outside in the pouring rain with a phone that has 5% battery left, and nobody that will be home for another hour . The phone has been left without a battery left in the rain, and no one will get home for more than an hour . Now, you can't wait to find a new home for an hour to see how much battery is left .
My so's brother and i are good friends and we like to call each other, \"yo bitch\", \"mah nigga\", and so on . The fact i'm spooning my boyfriend, her son, on the couch, didn't make things better as she is a very conservative woman who doesn't like any displays of affection .
After intermission when i had my 3rd drink of the evening, i was sitting in a tier about 25 feet above the stage during a symphony . A man, though now in a somewhat hushed manner, blatantly talking on his cell phone! i instantly went into a rage, leaned over the rail, and yelled in the audience, \"get off the phone!!!\"
i had to drop something off in our conference room where my boss and other high ranking employees were in a meeting . Just before i walked in i let a fart silently pass through my butt cheeks . Pretty sure everyone could smell it as it walked through the entire room and then back again .
tifu by waking up at around 8.30, which is 20 minutes before work . The mistake i made was drinking milk on my way to work . About 30 minutes after i got at work, bathed in sweat, i eventually vomited violently because i drank milk during my run .
This morning's class was disembarking the bus at a rest stop when i spotted my crush . \"ha ha! got your hat!\" i squealed as cutely as i tried to run off, but was stopped dead in my tracks . Never, even on my worst periods, have i felt such pain down there. It still hurts when i put pressure on the area .
Last night i decided to have some me time whilst watching porn . Locked screen half way through a video then locked my screen . Next day unlock in lecture and can't shut it up quick enough . As i was at the back everyone turned around to look at me! safe to say i shall learn to always check my tablet before taking it out of my room!
After 1 hour i finally found this one person who immediately wrote \"f17\" so i was interested (i was 18 for only two days at that point). After talking for a while and i had been exposing myself the whole time, i asked her to turn on her cam . Looking back at it, could have easily been stolen or faked . Now all i can imagine is some perverted old man masturbating to me dancing around naked .
i never knew i was allergic to latex until i had sex for the first time with my so wearing latex condom . To understand how it felt, rub fire on your crotch and then put some itching powder on it . Then watch it swell up and burn like fuck when you pee .
i work at a drugstore, and i was refilling the fancy change machine at one of the registers . As i drop a coin into it i notice that the cashier put a dime into the nickel tray in the register, which i had just dropped into the slot . This morning i'm working the same register, and this old lady's change ends up being $0.05 .
A small restaurant in a small restaurant only has one bathroom for both men and women . When i was about to let out the biggest the fart, i said to my self better play it safe and aim my ass to the toilet seat . The smell was horrifying. It took 5 minutes and more than 5 flushes to end the mess that i did .
My cat has been sick, but the recovery food has put a dent in our accounts . When i got there, i reached for my wallet, it wasn't in my purse . The teller handed me the cash and i put it in my wallet and then put my wallet in her car . It wasn't anywhere in the parking lot . Now we're hoping that our parents will help us cover the rent .
My friends have a golf cart that they got from their grandfather a while back . The cart had this little truck bed in the back of it you could hold onto, and it got to a top speed of about 10 mph . It was my turn and i was doing pretty well, then i feel the worst possible pain ever...in my ass . Thankfully, it didn't go inside my ass, but i still have learned my lesson .
i guess i had drank too much cheerwine, because i had the impending need to burp . As the act proceeded, i gagged, and i saw my cheerwine and dinner for a second time that night . \"Not the most excellent way to end a friday\"
i was trying to be lazy and rather than go 300 feet down a street i was going to make a wide reverse turn and take a shorter route . As i looked in my rearview mirror to make the turn i heard a terrible sound, only to look at the front of my car and realize i just hit a garage .
i've been having problems moving my legs and back in a proper fashion since i had a spinal tap that hit a nerve two months ago . As i was half way up i felt a horrible jerking pain in my knee and collapsed onto said knee . Now i have to wear a knee brace, see a physical therapist, and my performance studies class calls me nanna .
was at my friends having a smoke, rolled myself a doob and set off on a way home . About halfway i realised i left my wallet at his . and so had to run back, biff ablaze! i got there and got my wallet, all was good until i arrived home and checked my pockets .
This guy and i have gone to school with each other since kindergarten but he is still is my boss and things got awkward . When we were in high school he was known for mooning people, he always opened his ass cheeks . When it was done he just smiled awkwardly and we both couldn't have gotten out of that office quick enough .
A few years ago, i was working as a seafood clerk and, as part of my uniform, have an apron on . As part of his uniform, i decided i need to take a piss and start pissing all over it and partially on the button area of my jeans . Thankfully, no one else was in the employee bathroom while i was .
i was on a move and the lady had a very nice china cabinet . But i forgot to take out the glass shelves . The glass shelves on the inside busted along with the inside . Needless to say the lady was not very happy and we didn't get a very good tip .
The glasses claim to be \"unbreakable\" so if you knock it over, it will bounce and not break, so i lined a few up on the bar and played dominos . One gentleman saw the whole thing and told everyone what i was doing . The glass shattered, and louder then any glass shattering should sound .
After surfing, i thought getting my car stolen would never actually happen . After doing this hundreds of times in his many years of surfing i thought it would never happen . But unfortunately this guy was smarter than we thought and shut both of them off . Now i am waiting and hoping my car has not been taken to a chop shop .
Hardboiled eggs with their shells on in the microwave because pressure will build up in the shell and then blow up in your face . Turns out its not ok to put hardboiled egg with its shells on . Because pressure builds up in their shells and then blows up in you face .
A new anti-depressant called for no alcohol consumption, as you will get 2x as much as the same amount of alcohol . A new ssri (anti depressant) specifically calls for alcohol consumption as well as no alcohol . The same amount will be 2xxx as drunk as alcohol from same amount .
This happened a couple weeks ago but i had only started lurking on reddit then . When i saw half bottle of gingerbeer on the windowsill of our upstairs room i thought it was just good fortune and poured away . After a while i mentioned it to my oh, he sort of went still. \"...wait, where'd you find the bottle?!?\"
A month ago, i hit it off well with a girl at a party, then did absolutely nothing about it for a month . The next time we have a mixer with one of the sororities, i had planned on asking her out then . After that party, i went on facebook a couple of days ago and saw that she was in a relationship with someone .
One of his friends, one of my friends, doesn't reddit so i thought i'd share on here . The professor was a complete dick and we only had 1 final exam and three papers throughout the semester as our entire grade . Professor told us to identify which bird was which based on the legs of the legs .
i forgot that my phone was in the pocket of my hoodie . As i walked through the doors, i saw it a spiderweb crack in the top right corner of the screen taking up a little less then a quarter of the phone's screen . i grabbed it off the ground and wiped it off of it, hoping it was unharmed .
The beard was so thick and badass i managed to break the trimmer . On the way i stopped into cvs and shaved the rest of my face in the car . i'm pretty sure i had pubes still on my shirt! i didn't get the job .
Early this morning while i was asleep, i was dreaming that i was using the bathroom and browsing reddit on my phone . Some thread was calling for /u/andrewsmith1986 to be banned or something and i was typing a response when i noticed how soft the carpet was in the dream bathroom and started to run my hand over it as i did business .
The bathroom is almost airtight with the door closed, with only 2 small windows (one of which is jammed) and a really, really bad extractor fan/heat lamp thing . This day, i was in such a rush to get an adequate amount of steam from the shower out. This was a huge mistake. This is because i neglected to open the window .
i got into teach for america - awesome, i now knew what i was doing after i graduated . Then i got a call to be a substitute/teacher's aid in a special ed class from now until summer . The perfect opportunity is now gone and i have to trudge through another quarter .
i like to meditate from time to time, mostly in the morning . So to fully engross myself into the music i wanted to zone out and listen to the album . So i took up a kneeling posture on the ground, put the record on and listened to it . My trance was broken when my roommate left .
i have icy hot spray spray in a can and somehow got it on my ball sack . Does anyone know of a way to get it off? or do i have to ride it out? Do you know a way of getting it off, or do you have to sit out?
i noticed i need to change my strings so i decided i was just going crazy with whammy bar antics and big bends . After about 10-20 minutes i was done and put the guitar down, then i noticed my bridge pins we slanted forward . [this is what i discovered...
After working from home, i was in no mood to eat dinner at 9:30pm . My sister brought food at my table at 9.30pm but since i was working, i thought i was gonna eat dinner after i finished my task by 2:30amamam .
i work in a cocktail lounge with an assortment of different spices, garnishes, fruits, and what have you to make all sorts of weird drinks . i broke one open and smelled it, so i squeezed a bunch of seeds out and put the pepper in my mouth . Even before chewing, i felt that motherfers heat, i decided i'd save myself the pain and scorched gums .
As i was new to the area, i accidentally got the train ticket for a place before my stop, it flashed red but the barriers were still open for a split second so i snuck through . When i turned back i saw many people stuck because of my ticket, causing quite a jam .
long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore . Longtime lurker  thrilled i've not anymore. long long lurker who's now a lurker .edit: thanks guys.com: Thanks guys. I'm not sure what's going on to do with me .
i live about a mile and a half away from him, and he knows i drive a truck, and knows i probably have fuck-all to do on a t Tuesday night after work . The car in front of him had decided it was the right time to take an unprotected left turn... without using a blinker . i ram my bosses honda into the offender with my full speed, and i'm taking tomorrow off .
When it came out for TF2, they gave a promo item to all mac users that played the game within a 2 week period . When i reopened my computer it looked like something out of the matrix . The program is windows only. So being an idiot i immediately go to thepiratebay.se and download parallels desktop for mac, it has several files the instructions the instructions told .
i lost all my christmas presents, all my family's trust, and my phone . My step mom barges in and caught me and my friends, and told everyone to walk home . i may also be kicked out and never allowed to play sports or do drumline ever again .
My wife was in the bathroom cleaning, and i asked if she had already cleaned the tub, and she said yes . ignoring everything i learned over 25 years of marriage, i stated, \"doesn't look like it. you need to scrub harder\" i spent the next two hours cleaning all the bathrooms .
Two days prior to this event i had taken a giant, vile poo that clogged my toilet . After avoiding plunging my toilet for 48 hours the stench eventually became overwhelming . The water was reaching my room's carpet fast, and my mom screamed the scream of all screams .
i ordered a new mhl adaptor from amazon and was so excited to be able to play all my s4 videos on the led tv . By mistake i just clicked on it and the video started playing from the last point i stopped it and i am standing there like a dumbass trying to close the gallery .
i noticed a long white white white *thing* coming out of my dick . i stared at it for a while and then i decided to pull it out . i now have a red spot on the crease of my foreskin and ow. ow. The red spot is on my foreskin .
A friend of mine (let's call him sam) was let go a few months ago from a job i got him . At a party, in a drunken curiosity i asked a person i don't really know (who we'll call jack) that worked with him . He told me the reason, which aligned with my suspicion that he was dealing with some bad life choices .
The departmental christmas party takes place in our communal area with free booze (free booze) i have this inherent drinking problem, especially when the drinking becomes free . Drunk best friend called me on my walk there, apparently from the bathroom urinals . He lunge at me for an aggressive kiss and i'm like \"wha- oh, heeeeyyy\". i'm pretty sure i peed myself a little bit on more than one occasion, during which i'm also loud and his bedroom door was open too .
i ate out at a restaurant yesterday for a work christmas party . The rest of my day was spent running back and forth from the couch to the bathroom with liquid running out of both ends . My wife put a pad in my underwear to mitigate further accidents, can't blame her at this point .
WARNING: This story may be too tame for some people's taste but it certainly made me feel stupid . Began working out in the rain all day and i've promised myself a subway as motivation for getting through the day . When i went to the subway around the corner from where i need to get a bus, i order the two sandwiches as late as possible . The order was voided and re-entered .
i made the mayor, a cop, a world war two veteran, a korean war veteran, and the principal laugh . i was behind a curtain, and i could hear people chucking and holding back laughter . i finish playing and then during the moment of silence, people started laughing . How the fuck am i not suspended right now....
i'm an interesting person in that i'm both a light and heavy sleeper at the same time . Sometimes, if my subconscious deems it important enough, i'll even leave myself a mental sticky note, like \"check your phone\" or \"your mom wants something\" The unknown number was completely unlisted, and the only information i could find was that it was local (obvious) and it was a land line .
When i went to high school with, there she stands: a girl who has major attachment issues . She runs up to me, super excited, and i didn't even motion for a hug. she opens her arms and throws them around me screaming \"oh my god i miss you\". She starts talking about buying matching onesies and how much we'd need to hang out .
i ~~am~~ was a freelance contributor to cracked.com . In the comment section for it, i commented on that that in fact i had been insulted . Then i went on about how i'd sold articles didn't want to other sites and got paid more by them .
The waitress warned me about it but i had already had their thai hot pad thai . But i guess i'd forgotten about the day after . The day after, i woke up for my morning bathroom stuff and now my asshole is on fire . The restaurant warned him about the thai food but he had already eaten it .
had a dream i was at a party and needed to piss. went into the bathroom in my dream and started pissing all over brand new bed and girlfriend. didn't even drink last night. fml fml. \"didn't even even drink,\" says fml .
Someone wrote how sex had a certain smell and the following comment said \"sounds juicy\". for some reason i thought it was hilarious and had a quick laugh out loud . But there was a person giving a speech in front of the class...she is also the one person in class who has waited to give her speech on the last possible day because she was so nervous .
The crush randomly decides to swim to the other side of an olympic sized pool . The pool was too deep, so i doggy-paddled sideways, lunged for a lane divider, grappled it and hauled myself to the end of the pool with as much effort as i could . i realized that i have lost all my stamina in the middle .
The security alarm control is right next to the slicer up against the wall and on there is a button to call the cops . 2 cops showed up all pissed off that it was a false alarm and now the store could be fined . The store could face a fine .
16-year-old's brother was in the main bathroom however, and my mother was in hers . When i couldn't hold it any longer, my brother was bent over the toilet, bent over johnson in one hand, laptop on the counter, crankin' his shank . i'm rolling on the floor, laughing, when my bladder can't handle it anymore, and just releases .
i had met with my advisor in the middle of october so i was set . When i went to check out the class availability, i saw that my general bio class was 100% booked at all times both days of the week . Instead of 2 years, looks like i'm lookin' at 2.5 .
i got drunk the night before and must have masturbated and got some on it . i didn't know there was a very obvious jizz stain until the lady saw it. If only you could feel the tension when she realized what it was. If you could hear the tension from the lady who saw it .
i made the mistake of using a cheap single blade razor to shave the base of my no-no zone . After a while the pain/itch became so intense it made the last 3 hours of work utterly unbearable . i'm almost certain that a guy saw me liking down my pants like i had never seen my own penis before .
i'm up shit creek without a paddle, and i'm getting fed up with everybody (and it's more than these two) telling me i need counseling . \"i really need to learn to keep my mouth shut sometimes,\" she says . She calls the dean of students to speak with the student's advisor .
i own a pair of hiking boots which sit at the bottom of my wardrobe . When all of my housemates are out, i hide my vibrator in my hiking boots . As a precaution i hide it in my top drawer with condoms and medication and magic the gathering cards, i don't care if they see any of that stuff . When he goes to put on my boot, i imagine it's going to be awkward .
i used to just trim until my girlfriend got this habit of plucking my pubes out which she found hilarious and i hated . So here i am thinking how funny it would be to shave it all off, but i tried shaving back when i was 18 and itches like hell . It's fine all around but the second it touched my balls .
i had to take a train into the city from the airport because my ride fell through due to traffic . Salt all over the ground got onto the bottom of my suitcase en route to the train . A young lady sat down beneath my suitcase and jostled it caused rock-salt to rain down on this poor chic getting in her hair and everywhere .
Alcohol then grass, end up on your ass, says the adage is worth remembering . Drunk friend bought him a bottle of white rum, and drank chilli con cane . He woke up the following morning hugging the toilet bowl of the upstairs toilet with a head like corned beef and barbed wire .
A freshman in college was a weight/shot put thrower who managed to walk on as a weight weight/put thrower . The bus was set to depart at 7am in the morning, and the coach was really starting like me. Until this morning, i set three alarms on my phone, and made sure i had a buddy who would wake me just in case something went wrong .
i thought i was in. at this point, but i was soon to find that my assumption was not quite correct . As the party begins to wind down we began to play just dance 4 to pass the time and i just watch from the couch and fiddle with my phone . At this time, i stare her straight in the eyes, and before i can think i utter the phrase...i feel retarded.\"
This happened in fall of 2012 . i live in chicago and it was one of those windy days . i'm putting on my jacket and figured, \"i'm only walking the dog a short distance today, i don't need my coat\" So i ended up having to walk about 7 blocks on the south side of chicago to my brothers high school with my shitzhu in tow .
that was the scariest thing i've ever read. It really dug deep into my soul . Don't watch that shit. don't watch it.com: \"seriously.\u00a0seriously\" don't\u00a0watch that shit . The creepypasta was the first--and last-ever--creepypasta ever read .
i just got done slaving over a hot stove for 2 hours . The long hair and beard are a mess, but i don't want to get stinky sweat all over nice clean brush . One of the combs teeth is bent almost completely backwards, about 160 degrees away from where it should be .
After a few rounds of sex, me and the so are cuddling in bed, and i decided to do something i'd later regret: i started blowing raspberries all over him . When i raspberried his bellybutton, i noticed a weird object in my mouth... his belly button lint .
i thought it would be funny to screw with my friends a bit with the salt-shakers . Later in the day, she texts me \"so you pouring salt in my phone cause the speaker to break\". She tells me that i will pay for it's repair, but she tells me it's cheaper to replace it .
At the time i showed up with my own drink (grey goose screwdriver) and also a good ol' bag o' weed . From this point i remember nothing until my ra woke me up at 6 a.m. in the communal showers where i had passed the fuck out with the water running .
It was around 3am, we were throwing a party at home and i went to my room to get some weed . As i walk in i see my roommate with a girl on his bed almost ripping off each other clothes . At that point my roommate already know his night was ruined, he and the girl just sit on the bed and he says \"now you stay and smoke with us\".
Before going to church, i decided to have a quick, innocent fap . Video was the last thing i watched, and it's the first thing i see when i \"un-standby\" my phone . Before i knew it, the sound of this girl taking it is blasting through the church, full blast .
i've been feeling crap for the past few days because of an ear infection . When i got out i stood up too quickly and my blood pooled . Before i could sit down i fainted and on my way down i hit my head on the toilet seat and got a mild concussion .
i forgot that i had texted my mom about going home this weekend and wound up sending them to her during her work day as a teacher . After the photo shoot, i sent the 5 best, most revealing, sexy images to the last person i texted, which i thought was my boyfriend .
i have a friend whose 2-year-old son was just diagnosed with autism . While perusing reddit feed i saw a greentext story from 4chan, i'm audibly laughing and decide to share it with the group . My friend, not a minute later, spout out \"yeah well that's tards for ya\", remaining oblivious to the fact his son was .
The stench of onions and sewage filled my poor car . The smell started to really get to me, and i coughed . He promised me that he'll roll down the windows from now on when he has a fart attack . My driver's seat is ruined .
i can't wait t play it next thursday and find out i had the dates wrong and have to wait a whole other week for it . So for this whole week i have been telling my friends about gta v and how i've been telling friends about Gta v .
It's like going to the museum to admire a painting and then smearing your poop on it for the next guy . Once i realized there actually was a spoiler warning it took some of the steam out of me, but still... assholes! The feeling on spoilers is like .
i asked the teacher if she would like to see what one looked like and she said 'if you don't mind bringing it into class' i thought the answer was obvious, so my immediate reply was \"what? you flip it around and stick it around to stick it in it\"
This is the mother of a man who is a disabled man in a wheelchair . She left her truck running with headlights on as the universal signal for \"i'll be right back\" She left the restaurant, but left the parking lot running with the lights on, and went back in the store to pay for him and his wife's meal .
i was supposed to go in for 2:45 pm, fill out paperwork and have the interview at 3:00 pm . Now i don't even know if i screwed up somewhere or whether my perspective employer got the time wrong . The only documented emails i have were the initial contact (potential employer saying they were interested), and an email containing a link with mapquest directions .
i only wish i deserved to have a romantic involvement with her . If i did i might try to purse such a thing with her, he might try and purse such an affair with her if i did . If you did i would like to see a romantic relationship with her she would be able to .
The kitten meowed to the point that it kept me and her up, and i'm a heavy sleeper . So as i was resting, with not a care in the world, the kitten bit me, right on the head of my dick . So i grabbed the kitten by the neck and threw it as hard as i could against the bookshelf .
After doing the buttclench as i waited for my supervisor to finish talking to me, i dashed to the bathroom and brought my phone with me . There was a palm-sized poop streak inside the bowl, near the part that sucks the water/poo in . Even the huge amounts of tp i used to wipe did not scrub it away as it flushed .
So lately i've been getting into trouble by writing things down that should not be written down on things like tests . But i wrote it down in pen... Now it won't come off and she seems a little pissed but who really knows, she's annie . As i'm typing this now the teacher is looking right at the writing and i know in dead soon or later .
i signed up for an online \"on demand\" mcat course . It was expensive ($1700!) but useful because i could study on own time . Half my study material has gone \"poof* in a cloud of internet smoke,\" says i'm paying the price .
Six shots worth of liquor consumed very quickly would give me a nice buzz for a few hours . On the last sip, i had the misfortune of swallowing a vodka bubble . i tried to burp, but it came up as a little bit of vomit, opened the door and spit on the street at a stop sign .
Tifu\u2026 by not realizing that there was not a doorknob before i closed the door to take a shower . i ended up finishing my shower and putting on my boxers and shirt on . i end up finding tweezers and some sort of plastic brush and macgyver my way out of the door .
A few months ago my best friend's, sister's ex-boyfriend kept running into me at the grocery store . i sucked his dick. but that was all. i was too stupid to realize at the time... and i should have known better. This should be a lesson to you .
i'm not entirely sure why, but i do. depending on the day, that reaction will range somewhere on the spectrum between fairly harmless to my very own circle of hell . After taking boatloads of pain and stomach medications that my medical professional boyfriend kindly fetched me (as well as several hours of pain)
The wakeboard at the front of the boat catches air and slings backwards towards everyone . i just turn my body away from it and throw my arms at it to attempt to catch a 30 mph changeup . My ear is split deep into the cartilage, my friend tells my my ear is bleeding and she checks it out .
This was actually yesterday but i was in hospital for much of the afternoon . Neither of us speak particularly good chinese . My knee was cut open from just to the bottom right of the joint to i don't really know where . My ex-girlfriend (chinese) answered saying the taxi company had my phone and had called her (yes!!) and where was i cause she was going to come after me (not so yes). She took me back home, promising my friends to stay with me at about 9pm .
i decided to treat myself to some taco bell, as i haven't had any in ages . i figured i'd be spending the night in, studying for my upcoming midterms anyway, so it didn't matter if i got the taco bell shits . Still, i didn't even let a single one rip .
i'm studying abroad and not at all familiar with plants here . While squatting to pee, i brushed up against a poisonous plant, some form of stinging nettle or another . As i was peeing, my ass was on fire and itchy, as well as my hand .
i was walking my dog at the park where i decided that my balance couldn't possibly fail me . Instead of hopping off, i proceeded to set my left foot onto the needle thin part of the log, which proved to be slippery enough to fall sideways onto my shoulder . i don't think anything is broken, slight fracture possibly .
on friday me and the wife got these awesome nuts from walmart, has cashews and all the good ones. i'm addicted to nuts so i ended up eating all of them over the weekend . So today i arrive to work and i have to poo, i decided to go for it and i pee as i release and it splatters all over my underwear and pants .
i've got stuff coming out my butthole that i've never seen before . But at least i haven't reset the counter. But i've had stuff coming from my ththole . But i'm not sure what i've ever seen before, but i'm still looking forward to seeing what i'm doing .
A few weeks ago i found out that my now ex-girlfriend sucked her best friends . i was hurt and mad, so i made her promiss not to hurt me anymore and be faithful . She admitted that she was still sexting with a guy on facebook .
This was a couple months ago but i just found this sub-reddit and wanted to share . Living in europe had inspired me to be more \"fashion forward\" and more aware of new stylish clothing . Blacked out in the house hungover with his skinny pee pants in a bag before anyone woke up .
i had just come home after school expecting that my older brother to have mowed the lawn like he said he would the night before . In that 4 minutes it is just puffing out smoke continuously and clicking in an odd manner . i stop the mower and then realize what i had done, so i get the petrol canister and pour some into the petrol tank thinking \"year itl work fine now\"
i'm talking lumpy, vomit inducing yoghurt ruining my hard efforts . My housemate and i are also coursemates at uni, and sometimes i'll cook for both of us (no homo) in return for him tutoring me . But i decided it would be just as bad as it was just as will to crush them in my hands .
i was trying to get to my car, which was on the other side of a navel-high fence . Just as i swept my other leg over to straddle the fence, the first foot sliped off (because icy fence) and my entire body weight suddenly slamed down onto the pointed fence via my crotch . Luckily, the fence was just high enough so that i couldn't reach the ground with feet .
The legend at high school in high school is said to have happened 4 years ago when she was a senior . After class they're talking and asked if the legend is true, he said \"damn... this feel the same thing that being told santa isn't real\"
i'm so pissed at myself for doing something i damn well know better not to do . Went out to the shed to start a snowblower that hadn't run for 18 months . Went up to about a zillion rpm and blew the connecting rod . As penance, in the spring i will disassemble it and get it working again .
My mother was going full honey badger, digging through everything, but i believed i had nothing to hide . Then, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep sniff that stabbed into my soul like a knife . i calmly took it from her hands, and set it in the laundry basket .
A few days left of my strength training class before first semester ended so my teacher decided to have the class play a game of kickball . To score all you had to do was kick the ball and run from home to second base (the opposite wall), and back and not get hit with the ball . The game was going fine, my team was in the lead and it was finally my turn to kick again . i stick my foot infront of me and hit the wall .
A huge skidmark was left on the back of my boxers . The smell was horrid, and i couldn't go back into class with this, so i improvised . When i felt the classroom start to get really hot, i was sweating with sticky shit and shuffling around in your desk .
i live on the west coast of canada, so in my province the legal drinking age is 19 . On my 19th birthday, my girlfriends and i head out to a classy restaurant with a bar vibe, and a huge glass of wine, a shot and a beer are consumed . At this point i'm the most sloshed i've ever been, and throwing up over her deck .
i'm from the united states but i am studying in florence for the semester . As i was getting ready to leave naples i went to the train station to get a ticket from one of the self service machines . A man walks up to me and asks if i speak italian. He enters a special code and gets my ticket for 10 euro instead of 68. He then demands that i pay him part of the difference because he saved me a bunch of money .
A few weeks ago, my friend's mother asked me to drive her to phoenix to pick some furniture up from her friend bill's house . She discovered her shopping list stuck to his fridge and added \"50 lbs monkey chow\" Bill thought it was one of his friends from out of state that was visiting a few weeks earlier, and he was so mad, he fired her on the spot, and now i feel just awful .
He took pictures of me during the show and threatened to send them to family and workmates . i have all of his details, but he took pictures . He has all of the details of his nudes and threats to send nudes to her friends, workmates and our family .
i joined because so many people that i've talked to recently have been saying positive things about the site and citing positive experiences . \"you should totally try it out!\" i've now been on the site for roughly 8 hours, and all i feel is creepy. ugh.\"
i'm a big fan of day[9]. not really for his starcraft commentaries, but more on how he tells stories so well! So i thought to myself, oh what the hell, how nsfw could be?! so i click it and view it through reddit (as in i was still on reddit, not youtube.com) Then i realize i love day9 and i'm going to watch more of his shit, and his friend's shit . The youtube account is also tied to the teacher's email address, which probably is one of the teachers with access .
i was about seven months pregnant with my twins and happily enjoying some fried rice with my husband on the couch . Out of no where a wild single grain of rice appears in my mouth just as i took a breath . If that couldn't get any worse i then pee myself (thanks girls) so much there is now a yellow lake in our bathroom .
i just got off of work and i was going to the gym . i was coming up to a traffic light and it turned green, i was still a few yards back so i didn't have to come to a complete stop . My car literally took all of the damage. i was only going about 15 mph, he only took minor scratches .
The diarrhea was a side affect of the anti-biotics i've been taking for strep throat . i was pretty sure it was silent to i deiced to let 'er loose' all over my underpants and pants . i ended up pretending to be sick and left .
When asked if she wanted to go get lunch with me, she replied, \"no, you don't need to eat. you're fat\" i rolled my eyes, and said, \"yeah. *so* fat\" right as the words came out of my mouth, i made contact with an overweight woman walking in the direction we were leaving .
So this is my first reddit post ever and of course it is a shit my pants story! The story is about how i was staying over at my boy friend's place this weekend . i was extremely sore from all the other things we had tried that we decided when he wanted to finish it might be best to go in my butt . When he woke up he played off as just wanting to help clean up .
So when she asks her retarded ass to hand her a cum rag i reach down and toss it to her . In my post-orgasm stupidity i sling the seemingly rabid poodle at her at the speed of light . The poor gf, who is disoriented and trying to figure out what the fuck has smashed into her face and why i am hollering .
i couldn't read the warning label on the bottle that said the solution will cause burning and stinging if not used properly . The solution contained 3% hydrogen peroxide, and came with instructions to use it without the burning or stinging happening . It's been almost a full day and my eye is still a little bloodshot .
i accidentally plugged the headphones adapter into the USB and short circuited my laptop . The headphones adapter heard and saw sparks and shortcircuited the laptop .... .... .... i'd woken up first and wanted to watch some freaks and geeks, so i went upstairs to grab a pair of headphone so i wouldn't wake anyone up with the volume .
The housemates don't like me, but i have a job that pays here and i need the cash, so i made it all happen . The housemate that is still around shows me around, \"this is the other housemate's cat, this is the gate which must never ever be unlocked, This is the fridge, the fridge and the fridge .
about 20 minutes ago i decided to take a shot of this delicious whiskey . As it goes down my throat i realize that it is very warm, and then i am unable to breathe . Next thing i notice this awfully smelling liquor pouring out of my mouth all over my chin, chest, hands, floor .
i started a couple of weeks ago and have lost around 8 or 9 lbs.  i've been doing well, but i decided to buy one pint a few days ago . i ate half a pint today, but that didn't work . i'll do better in the future, and for the most part, my self control is getting better .
cici's isn't the best but it is cheap and all you can eat . Everything was great, including the food, but later on at home i start getting a rumbly in my tumbly that would make winnie the pooh cuss and let's just say it wasn't a pleasant bathroom visit. Now it's 1am, i'm at work (a night auditor)
It was late at night and only my daughter and myself were awake . The roku app has an option of streaming photographs from the phone to the television . Somehow, by the gods that organize photos on cell phones, two pictures popped up on the phone, with matching red hair .
i realized i was barefoot- why not just put on my slippers without socks? so i put my bare feet in them and felt a fuzzy sock in the bottom of one . The sock popped open like a grape, i thought it was food so i took my slipper off, reached in and pulled out a dead mouse who had just been squashed by my bare heel .
A really hot girl walks over and starts waiting at the stop with me . While i wait for the next bus i look at her, she looks at me, i smile, and smiles back! big thing for me. Big thing for him. i got off that bus with my head hung in shame .
i put it in my pocket while walking home from the gym, forgot about it, thought my gym kit could use a wash . This is the third time i have had to pay for it to be fixed . First time for water damage (dropped it down the toilet) second for smashed glass . Now because i wanted to get my phone extra squeeky clean .
After many talks of trying to convince his gf to swallow my load, she finally agreed to try to swallow his load . As i'm about to cum, my sperm had already left the gate and couldnt be stopped . The largest hitting me on my temple right next to my eye, the second wad hit the corner of my lip and the third .
After playing a game of league of legends with friends, i told my friends that i'd be calling it for the night . When i opened up my laptop, kagney linn carter was on the verge of bursting her vocal cords while getting \"missionarily\" pummeled by some random, large, large-dicked male .
tifu at the san jose sharks game by flipping my boyfriend's hat around so that it was backwards . When he flipped it around, i said (very loudly) \"oh, you're not going to be that douchebag with the hat backwards?\" i then looked down at the people diagonal to us and one of them had his hat backwards .
i'm sure most of us have had that feeling, the one where you need to fart, but you aren't sure if it's just a fart, or something more . My plan backfired in an explosive fashion, and my hand found itself covered in a watery brown syrup of disappointment . Somehow, somehow i managed to catch all of the excrement in my hand .
while trying to get her high, she says she was high . While she was trying to take her high she tried to get high she was a drug addict . While trying to make her high in the U.S. while she's high, her daughter was high in a drug case .
The Co-founder of reddit co-founder \"kindly tried that\" \"Oh i meant the business, but thanks... lol\" \"felt like such a tool,\" he says \"oh i was spouting all this crap about everything to do with trying to make him feel better\"
i was in the computer lab listening to a lecture/doing a project when i hear my professor \"no we keep on going. there are no brakes\" i thought it was only for me to hear. Well after saying \"on the rape train\" now all of the people around me think i'm a creep and wont even look at me\"
i don't know why i did it, other than hormones . He is everything i hate in a guy and i've never considered myself to be a slut before . i didn't realize i had such a lack of morals.. that i could be such a whore.. .
The 21-year-old college student went out like normal, got drunk, and my girlfriend was our DD so everything was fine and dandy . When i got home, i sleep walk, i managed to crawl into a corner of dianne's bedroom and grab her phone for a flashlight .
A pizza store worker phoned up and asked for 6 large pizzas and lots of sides, to be collected . Manager called me saying \"we're \u00a360 short (on our system), do you have any idea where it went? maybe you put some money in your pocket by mistake?\" \"No, not that i know of. i don't have any money on me.\"
i'm not entirely sure how, or why it happened but we ended up kissing, all the while my girlfriend is slaving away as a cashier at wal-mart . This morning i awaken to a message saying how much of a bad idea it all was, and how i broke everyone's trust, my friends, and most importantly my girlfriends .
my dad had to pay some bills and he asked to use my laptop and there, full screen was porn. Gay porn. This really isn't a big deal because i am out, but it was really embarrassing and all i could do was slam my laptop shut, turn beat red and laugh .
i swear to god i felt like the only single guy there went with a group of friends . Everywhere i looked were boyfriend/girlfriend or husband /wife couples . Then i run into my ex-brother-in-law and his family.... which reminded me of going to the fair with them and his ex-wife .
The dog stood up and grabbed the tabletop and started licking it . The table started sliding across the floor so i managed to jam my cigarette, which was in my left hand, directly onto my right wrist . So now i have a lovely cigarette burn on my wrist, hooray .
i always amused i could eat anything. dropped food on the floor, i'll eat it. burn it, i\u2019ll eat it . i'll even eat meat are and it's never so much as phased me . Now i wanna throw up, i can't throw up .
After 12 years of biting his tongue, i lost it and snapped at them . Now i know it hurt my wife for me to do that . Now my relationship with my in-laws will probably get even worse, which makes my life more difficult and my wife sad .
\"just 10 more minutes\" i held it for a long time and then decided i would sprint upstairs and give my bladder a break . The movie was a good movie though, and i'm lazy so i didn't feel like pausing it . At the end of the movie, i decided to hold it until the ending credits started .
My cousin and cousin are in the process of moving him out of his apartment . The doors are all locked, and the keys are sitting on the front seat next to the pup . i have spent about 30 minutes on the phone with roadside assistance automated phone tree to finally unlock the doors for us in about an hour .
i have asthma, and this at 3.00 a.m. this morning, i swallowed about 3/4's of the inhaler spray . When i swallowed the spray, i got an extremely upset stomach . After taking my shit, i realized what is probably a worst case scenario for this, i did not have any toilet paper .
i decided to find out what it felt like to cum on my face . It got all over my eyes and burned like a motherfucker . Now my eyes are red, hurt like hell, and my eyelashes are encrusted with semen . Every time i blink i feel the throbbing shame .
i've always had chemistry with his sister, who'm is a year younger than i . Since the beginning of our friendship, i feel i've had chemistry . The encounter happened while his friend went inside to pass out, while his sister and i went into their pool to fool around . He doesn't know anything about it .
i was preparing burgers and i had a couple habaneros left over . Within a minute i was sweating profusely trying to hold back to friends the fact that i'm in the most intense pain of my life . i kid you not i was literally rendered useless, the only thing my brain was able to process was misery .
When i spoke to the gf the next day she said she came in and we got our cuddle on and then she left me asleep in my bed . At this point, i'm pretty drunk and completely disregard time, i vaguely remember leaving and after that everything is gone .
i brought up how i never ate or drank anything just in case, and the doctor was like \"hey, that's a good opportunity to get some bloodwork done\". i told him that i would be more comfortable with asking my mom about it, so i could also do it at a later date . Strike one was not telling him i could call/text her immediately .
Going at it from behind, pulling out to finish and she had her head turned sideways . Somehow manage to go over her ass and directly into her eye . i probably couldn't do it twice if you gave me 1000 tries, i said . Some ways manage to get over .
The course is an idyllic 10 km (6 mile) seaside loop, around which you do 2 laps . It's a race against the clock, no drafting other people, go at your own pace by yourself . Luckily, the injuries were limited to mild road rash .
A teacher from my old elementary is sitting there (my mother works at that elementary) says my mother . He explains the situation about how the other night when i spoke with my mom and i came out to her when i told her that my favourite song is \"same love\" by macklemore, i had her listen to it . She never even asked me if i was gay .
The projector's fan has been blowing its warm air onto my face . As the minutes passed i was noticing it more and more until i decided to turn the projector in the other direction . As i did this, the screen pointed onto one of my coworkers and everyone kind of looked at me like \"what the fuck are you doing?\"
At the beach, i got this really nice sunburn. My arms are littered in blisters, radiating intense heat, and are so bright red you could direct traffic with them . The doctor confirmed that i had 2nd degree burns and i was prescribed a cream (silver sulfadiazine)
i bought parts for a new pc a few weeks ago . So today i decided that i'm going to get a refund for the motherboard . The warranty on the board is void if the pins are bent, and there is really no way in fixing it without buying a new board .
A schnauzer-poodle mix who is blind and we just moved from the house she has lived in most of her entire life and thus had memorized everything is in disarray and she is having a hard time finding her way around the house . The door handle from inside it disengages the lock and i'm stuck outside . It's then i remember that i saw a nifty key hook thing in the living room and thought it the perfect place to keep from losing my keys .
i was listening to this new song [here] then my mom walked in and i accidentally clicked on [this video] of a girl shaking her butt to a song . Now my mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye .
The last thing i remember was taking a knee while somebody poured vodka into me, and winning a game of beer-pong . Luckily i paid my rent so i won't get kicked out... but i have no idea what happened to all my money which **sucks** because i have nothing for food .
i was growing closer and closer to her as we spent more time together but something happened today that made me want to say that we wouldn't work out together in a relationship . i strung her along and i feel that i broke her heart . i would like your help internet in letting her know .
i spent the next half hour feeling like i was going to throw up, and when i got home took a horrible shit . After a few bites, i felt a sour taste on my tongue, i kept eating, and then realized that you shouldn't have peanut butter and orange juice .
i woke up about 1 am, my head pounding furiously like the beating of drums . i was so completely blinded by pain that i could barely move, walk or talk . My mom woke up and got me to take ibuprofen and a cold washcloth over my eyes and a barf bucket completed the ensemble of migraine .
A coworker said something funny that caused another coworker to spit out water she was drinking all over her desk . Luckily, i had an empty coffee cup handy, so i spit into that instead of trying to swallow it and having it shoot out of my nose . After leaving my desk, i noticed that i still had some coffee in my cup and figured i'd finish it before going to wash my cup .
i just discovered today, after two weeks of running *every single day* that c25k program only requires you to run three times a week . i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i am planning to take tomorrow off . C25k is only required to run 3 times each week .
i noticed the asian guy walk in but thought nothing of it . My friend decides we should get something to eat so he says \"hey, let's go get some chinese food\" The asian man was right next to us the whole time and jet down the up escalator .
i was sitting on the computer drinking copious amounts of coffee . Over on the table next to me sat a few habenero peppers, so i decided to eat them . They're not filling so i'm still hungry at this point, but now feels like somebody is punching my gut from the inside .
i dropped my laptop on the floor and it could not boot, nor safemode or anything i try to do it won't turn on . i brought it to a computer center, they told me they could see c drive instead of d drive . None of my systems file is so corrupted that none of my files can be recovered .
i tabbed back into the window accidentally, straight after, and then realized what i had just been doing . i immediately told him i had to go and left the call and told him he had to leave . i had messages from him that for some reason i had not been alerted about where he was .
The coffee pot exploded sending hot shit water everywhere, including my pants . It scared me so that i yanked the coffee pot up for some reason thinking an elevated coffee pot would stop the flow of hot coffee from the two openings smacking the holster sending coffee grinds all over including my face .
A load of batch jobs on 30 servers fail to run overnight . The batch jobs failed to run at least 30 servers overnight . It resulted in a load of batches jobs on a 30 server failing to run . The company didn't have an approved change, so i now must face the music and hope i don't get fired .
i have been dating this girl for a few months and i thought it was time to trim the bush . When i was living there i did the trimming with scissors and a razor to polish it off . Suddenly a shock of pain shot through me, and i look down to find i have cut my ballsack along that ridge bit between the two halves .
My ex and his friend came over to my apartment for a few drinks . Soon enough we were making out, and we got...handsy with each other while his friend was in the same room . His friend caught us that next morning sleeping next to each other, and i don't know if he told that other girl .
i woke up feeling nonchalant, with the assumption that my day was uneventful and boring . Little did i know my daredevil decision at lunch was going to have the flames of hell all up in my anus and a very, very, painful bathroom experience . Luckily i didn't shit my pants like everyone else. Luckily i managed to wipe my butt clean .
Itunes freaks out and stops my computers electrical brain . Three whole files in the itunes folder are corrupt . The itunes files are more corrupt than a carlos danger, according to the computer's owner . Itunes stopped dead in it's tracks and it stuck fast .
This week was my first week of college . Since i don't have a car, naturally i'd have to take the bus, naturally . Gps app was raring to go with directions down to the minute, nothing would seem to be able to go wrong . By the time we made it to my stop, the driver was departing once again .
i've never had problems with it, though i am a restless sleeper . Usually i will wake up while doing some arbitrary things like emptying trash bins or washing my hands in the kitchen . Usually, as i come to, i am usually confused and don't remember what i was doing before or why i was suddenly compelled to do so .
i usually drink a smoothie in the morning for breakfast before i leave for campus . Out of nostalgia, i decided to blow a bubble in my very full smoothie . Approximately 5 seconds later there's purple goo goes all over the counter and in my face and eyes . After cleaning up the fruit and juice ectoplasm, i realized that i needed to leave for class .
i got excited in the heat of the moment and told b i like her too . Now it's been a week and i really don't like b anymore, but b likes me even more and i don't want to crush her feelings . The worst part? a and b are really close friends .
The accident happened 3 days ago and i hadn't driven the car very much at all between today and the accident . Now i need to fix my transmission, alignment, sway bar, and a variety of small fixes for which i do not have the money for, all because i didn't think it was necessary to get the ladies insurance information after the accident and now my college bound budget is paying the price .
i'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work . Good thing most people were out of the office today. Good thing you were out today. i'm having to call your wife to get the help of his wife .
This wasn't actually today, couple of years back (17 at the time) but still, i feel you should all know and laugh! i all begin with going to a friends party (hawaiian) as i was underage i couldn't go to the shop and buy some beer so i had to scout around the house to find some sufficient alcohol . When i got drunk i had already consumed a good 1/4 of the bottle of jd . After a few hours, i decided it's a good idea to massage the cyclops .
Recently my headset stopped working so i have been using earbuds to listen to games and videos on my computer . When it wasn't enough and i scooted it a little, the rubber feet on the glass desk made it bounce a bit . The one slight inch or two killed my computer so i just turned it off and went to bed .
i ended up putting most of the rest of my check into my bills and food . i'm left with almost no money until next week . But, my credit card is now brought current. So yay! so yay, yay. So, i hate living check to check. Dammit...
i was in a 9 hour flight and we have little personal tv screens in front of us . During one of the whipping scenes i remember a racist joke and i laughed out loud. i see the black guy glancing at my screen in curiosity which i see gradually turn to extreme anger . i then feel his eyes drilling a hole in the side of my head for the rest of the flight .
i set my ipad on top so i can strap my son in the carseat . Went down down the road doing 55 and my wife goes \"did you leave something on top of the car?\" so we turn around and there's my iPad on the blacktop... Update: sorry guys was at a gig and couldn't update.
A few years ago, i got a little flirty with a friend of mine but we ended it pretty quickly . Turned out my dream girl knew the whole time, and our future is now uncertain . i told her tonight and our futures are uncertain . The future of our relationship is uncertain .
i left the window to my second story bedroom window wide open with the light on coming in from my roof . My mom is petrified in fear, my sister just bails and my dad is just scratching his head wondering how the hell i managed this . After an hour and burnt out vacuum belt i finally got the situation under control .
After moving on to a new job, i let him drop by my place twice after work a couple times, it was just a lot of talking . He claims his wife doesn't want to hear about his day blah blah blah, just needs to vent . He has a wife and a small daughter!
i was running behind the moment i left our building . In my haste to make up time, i forgot to do 2 things: make sure the front wheels were turned towards the curb and not towards the street . Luckily, no one was inside the dodge caravan, and all the caravan had on it was scratch marks on it .
The fly lands on the lid of my soda lid and lands on my nuts . The worst part is, the bastard got away . The fly got away and i hate flies, so i grab a sandal stay motionless and wait for it to land and wait until it lands and i take a swing, but it's too late .
Outgoing acquaintance joins uninvited, but leaves to grab his taco truck food . The dude and his wife, who works at my favorite bar, think...no, know i'm a dick . The couple's wife, a bar employee, thinks he's a d*** .
i was running late for my morning classes so i didn't even bother to look if i put it on right . My pubes where stuck to it as well and it was a pain in the \"vagina\"(pun) to get it off . My lady parts still hurt, and i have a zip lock bag filled with ice on them .
i was helping my older friend clean her house for some easy cash and i noticed a picture on her fridge as i was cleaning her dishes . She then turned to me with a solemn expression and said, \"that's my nephew. he tripped, hit his head on a rock, and died\"
Two years ago i was with my girlfriend(who was 16 at that time) who probably wholeheartedly liked me as i went missing for over two years before i returned to her due to personal reasons . As i gathered opinions from my friends they all said she was fine/cute/too hot for me ect ect ect. Fast forward two weeks later i found out she was secretly texting one of the guy friends of mine that she met at the resort .
The phone rang because my mother is silly and has a 10 second ring tone on the home phone and because my room is at the opposite side of the house than the phone . After taking off my headphones i performed my running ritual. i tripped a little and heard a loud pop, ripping it .
i'd like to formally push for a \"pics or it didn't happen policy\" to be enacted and enforced with vehemence . If you are at the point where you think it's acceptable to post your \"story\" on the internet for some sort of ramshackle e-point, please have the decency to post some proof .
i've seen my gf in a few months so i've kinda just letting my mane rage pretty hard . When i cut his sack pretty good, it bled for a while . i put a band-aid on it and went out with the gf, hoping that i would be able to duck out into the bathroom at some point .
i've been a virgin for so long, when the opportunity came to have intercourse, i over thought things to a grave and dark extent . The next day, being the internet addict that most of us are, i researched for hours the proper blowjob etiquette . i read that pineapple can make your semen taste sweet .
i broke my jaw and fractured the lower part of my sine . The pain was unbearable, i felt like my lungs were punctured from that fall . It was really intense until the ball was thrown at my legs so my first instinct was to jump over the ball and slamming into the ground .
i was pretty drunk and decided to piss into an empty beer cup . i was going to use a throwaway for this but fuck it, i deserve to be shit on for this . The beer was neither cold, nor beer, at least it was my own piss and not someone else's .
Moral of the story is: Always ask your friend if anybody is over before you go to his house . As i am walking in i heard moaning noises (my friend likes porn). so as i entered his room to . surprise it wasn\u00b4t a film as i thought. His gf was over and they were f**king .
i try to do the hair flippy thingy, where you 'flick' your neck quickly to get it out of my eyes . i now have terrible whiplash and cannot look down at my daughter when she sits in my lap . She's getting grumpy because she thinks i'm not paying attention to her .
The interview for a job that's going to increase my pay by 20% will increase his pay . The interview that was going to start at 2:40 was 1:40. It's a 15 minute drive to the location . When i got stopped at the last stoplight before my destination, i was stopped for a two minutes .
90 drunk high school kids ran about tearing shit up trying to have a 'project x' experience . The cops got called, luckily they were extremely nice and didn't give a single mic or me any fines . All privileges revoked ( including phone and car) and am stuck in my room for a seemingly long time and have to come up with 1200$ to fix the damages done .
The galaxy nexus phone doesn't have and actual SD card, it's just internal memory . Even after deletion the files still appeared on my pc so i restarted the phone which i think cemented my loss of music, photos, important documents, etc. etc. Even after deleting the files, files still appear on my phone .
i took some (alot) photos (and videos) with my phone, and little did i think of that my phone automatically uploads every photo to my dropbox . Well that shouldn't be a problem if not i had shared the damn folder with earlier classmates, and now some colleagues .
i'm a 16-year-old girl and i'm quite small. Like any lazy day i was downing a total of two whole packs of sugar-free mints called breathsavers . In about an hour i was getting that terrible gurgly sound from the deep depths of my stomache . After a little research i figured out the culprit was sorbitol .
The exam was pretty big too, as it was worth 50% of the final grade . So, being the dumbfuck that i am, went to the class that i wasn't in . So my prof e'mailed me back and said i can still do the exam!
i decided to throw a pear into garbage from where i was sitting . The pear core bounced off the ceiling and hit a couple other objects before landing unceremoniously on the ground . Instead of covering up the stain, i just made it more noticeable so instead of covering it up .
i've had some problems with my arm recently, and this was the breaking point . i heard a loud \"pop\" and a shooting pain in my elbow . i was shouting every curse word i've known, and apparently, that's grounds for suspension in the ihsa .
i was helen keller for a good five minutes . i was rushing while in the shower and put shampoo in my hands to wash my hair and rubbed it on my face because i might be retarded. i was  retarded and i put shampoo shampoo in the hands to clean my hair .
i answered that since it is harder to get illegal guns than it is in the usa so the game was more realistic to japanese people and thats why they were comfortable with it . In japan they must be somewhat desensitized to rape because its heavily present in the culture (ie, porn.)
i work in a university theatre, and there was an unexplained ladder in our studio theatre . As i got to the bottom, they felt like they were on fire . After washing them twice more, they are bright red, covered with angry bumps, and it hurts to touch anything . It's been a couple of hours now, and my arms no longer hurt .
Recently i have been caught at my school with alcohol, which in turn made some my friends sketched out, and i lost some of my friends . The ones that were left i made a promise that i would stay clean for a while . Well today, on this friday, i decided that with an hour before my show i would go smoke some grass before going on .
i've been bulimic for a while and in order to hide the teeth marks, i tried to use other instruments to trigger my gagging . In my pathetic desperation to vomit, i started throwing up but using (unwrapped) tampons . One day i swallowed a little bit but thought nothing of it . A bit farther into it i just gulped it whole all of it, and grabbed my throat, but i could breathe . The only other two who even know something happened think i swallowed something else because i \"was just absentmindedly chewing\" on it .
i stuck the meat fork in to the head of our electronic meat fork . Instead of giving off a beep, the device shut completely off and wouldn't turn on after that, even after replacing batteries . The device was only $20, and they would get a replacement on their next trip to bed, bath & beyond .
The keys fell into the hole behind the headlight behind my headlight . Kevin's boss was late to work as he tried to believe the story as to why he was late . After 15 minutes of fidgeting around under my bumper i was able to barely hook them out .
My girlfriend lives just over an hour away from where i live and we often meet up halfway . At 22:30 a friend of mine showed up and said he needed me to come downstairs: my girlfriend was there, she thought she'd surprise me and come to my house . She fell on top of me and scraped her arm and her leg .
i was talking to my brother about something, and i had to explain . i jokingly demonstrated what the truffle shuffle was . My brother walked in and i realized i was doing the same thing, and explained how it was to do it . The truffle shuffles was a popular panel for a panel for an expo .
i'm with a great guy who is nothing but wonderful to me . He and his guy frequently engage in rough/dangerous activities to get their jollies . Afterward he says he's going to clip my nipple with the flat iron . i crumple over in pain and he immediately drops the flat-iron on the counter .
i thought i submitted a marine biology assignment on a thumb drive to my teacher . After getting home, i realized that i had given her the wrong one, one had one file on it, the movie 'a serbian film' i downloaded it as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend .
over the past few months i have had many problems with my current school and obtaining admission . Student loans are having problems right now so i may have to pay out of pocket and be reimbursed . All of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste .
Shocking incident happened at a local 24-hour restaurant in the middle of the night . Shocking shorts came down as new guests approached the door of the hotel room . Shocked to the end of the evening, i quickly yanked my shorts back up . i'm glad i decided not to try and get involved .
i have adhd medication in my cabinet at home that i need to take . This morning, i grabbed the wrong bottle, and popped two hydrocodone . The last thing i remembered was on the couch, when i woke up . My boss called security and i was tackled out of my chair .
i was in the bed of a truck, just stopped at a local bar, decided i could just hop our and nope! my knee buckled and i was on the ground . The doctors aren't open till 9am. here's to hoping it won't be too expensive!
A month and a half ago, my sink had a slight drip when off for a few months . The valves underneath my sink just wouldn't turn, it seems they were rusted shut . Firefighters finally managed to shut off the geyser after about 4 or 5 minutes and crazy firefighter tools .
/u/sixstringthing's fuck up reminded me of when i pissed on someone . i was in the washroom at school at the end of the day and was peeing in a urinal next to my friend justin . We finished our business and he walked over to the sink and washed his arm off . The next day at school, he told me he took like three showers that night .
i was laying in bed and my toenail on my toe next to my pinky on my left foot was getting snagged in my blanket . As soon as i begin, before there is ever a chance for correction, the nail goes on a straight downward angle and i'm stuck with it peeled halfway down and left in searing pain .
This actually happened when i was around 8 or 9 so this is more of a 6yaifu . i was sick with a fever and a bad cold and i didn't know what diarrhea was . i \"let 'er rip\" and i felt something squishy and moist in my pajama pants .
A bird came flying in and started trying to make a nest of my hair . In a panic, my arm hit the wall and i could instantly feel that it was broken, or at least something was wrong . My step-sister drove me to the hospital and just left me there in the waiting room for two minutes it took for me to get a room .
i always thought it was a cool little thing to have in this sub and it seems to have died out . What gives you what gives? What does you know what gives to the sub and what gives you a little bit of it? What gives us the sub-sub .
i accidentally sent a text to my dad . This text was meant for one of my friends . To make things worse the friend also dealt... long story short my dad got the text that . meant for my dealer, he got the . text that was meant to my dealer .
Can we convince the mods/admins to update the fuotw more frequently? There have been some classic fuckups in the past few weeks and it'd be great to see them on the sidebar . There are some classic 'classic fuckups' in the last few weeks .
i was in a funny mood and very naively decided to lick her hand to try and annoy her . It was then she informed me she had spent the last half hour at the hospital cleaning up a patients piss and she hadn't had a chance to wash her hands yet .
The \"sex hall\" is the best place to skip class, work in peace, or... get intimate . The pants ripped in the crotch while sitting in the sex hall with a friend of mine, who is also a guy . At this time, i realized i left my headphones in my guitar class, and realized i had left them in his guitar class .
i've been talking to a girl for a few months, we talk everyday for hours and i had been to visit her a couple of times before . After a really nice day of hanging out and having fun we basically end up falling asleep together on her bed cuddling . The day after we hang out some more and i travel back home feeling like a boss . But whilst we chat that evening it transpires that she felt really awkward about the whole thing and didn't like me cuddle her . She hardly talks to me now and i feel like the biggest idiot there ever was .
i was making ramen, to which i like to add an egg, and i thought i'd do something different . Rather than my usual \"egg drop\" method, i just dropped the whole egg into the ramen . The yolk broke, leaving me with this abortion .
This happened a few years ago but i didn't know about reddit so that's why i'm posting it now . After a few minutes we got bored and decided to put it out. Like the dumbass i am i grabbed the hose and put it into the bucket, spreading all over my lawn . Afterwards my dad was mad at me for about a week, big black spot on the side of my house for a while .
The hotel night manager decides she's had enough and brings a security guard up to our room . When i go to answer, she cuts in and asks if i'm intoxicated, but then i tell her that i came from a bar, and that it's not against policy to be drunk . Also gives us a fine for $250, the cost of reimbursing this russian lady down the hall who had been filing all the noise complaints .
This was over the weekend, but i think it was such a bad fuck up that i made a throwaway to write this . In her 'about me' section it said: measurements are 36c-29-36 ** **with a fully functional 7 in.36 ********
i play tennis for my high school team, and my first practice was yesterday . It was the first strenuous activity i've had in a while, so my thighs were aching like a bitch . So i decided to use icy-hot so i could get through practice after i took my morning shower .
i'm on vacation in europe, in my hometown, when i woke up late last night . She looked to be anywhere from 21 to 25 . When she gets up to go to the bathroom and i can't stop staring at her ass . She didn't seem to be having it, i just thought i had to step my game up .
The dog is covered in some sort of dark coating . She can normally be found on one of the offices with a couch in two, and a chair in the other . The smell hits me, but i am stuck at work for another 5 hours with it . My dog, on the other hand, seems very pleased with her makeover .
i had gotten most of it back into the vacuum when the garbage bag was caught by the vacuum and tipped over, spilling the rest of the vacuum's prior contents onto the floor . i cursed silently, turn the vacuum back on and go to work . Such a simple task and yet, tifu.
i recently got new car with manual transmission. Given that last time i drove stick was about 20 years ago i am still trying to get used to it . When i park the car nose facing the road i put gear in reverse, e-break on. so my daughter is standing just to the left of driver's side rear door . All i see in the mirror her turning around and running towards garage door, which was closed, plummeting her little pretty face right in it .
i just popped the whole thing in there, started chewing and was ambushed by a sneeze before any swallowing could happen . If it was soft boiled it probably wouldn't have been so bad, but it was so bad. If you didn't swallow it would be so bad it would have been bad .
i stumbled backwards backwards and trod on a plug . Blood all over my hands, my feet, my floors, my cream underwear and my fucking cream walls . The cut is really deep, all the thick layers of skin taken off . i'm not going to the doctors because they're going to tell me it's a viral infection .
The ladder fell off on the motorway hit a car and almost caused a huge accident . The ladder was destroyed in the process. feels bad man. I was scared the shit out of me.com.com/ladders were destroyed by the ladder's fall off on a motorway .
i went to the shore to see a girl, and she was really really into me . 10 beers and two 40s later i was out of it . Luckily my friends were not drinking at all so they took care of me . i acted like a complete fool, i threw up to get sober for her, and i just kept throwing up .
The fuck up isn't really today but a couple of weeks ago . The teacher asked if anyone here wasn't a catholic, classmate egged me on to raise my hand, so i did it . Fast forward today and my mom is crying because i told her .
i first got my ipod 4th generation 3-4 years ago, and have not updated it since . There were over 900 pictures on it, and over 100 songs, most of which were acquired by downloading the music off the library . After synced it to my computer and downloaded the newest software none of the pictures or music were saved .
i work front desk at a hotel and just got done checking in some guest's, came to the back to sit down for a minute . Hopefully no one comes in in the next few minutes cause if they do they will see a mountain of a man talking soprano .
A guy traded a guy for a sprint phone, clean esn but he forgot to deactivate it from his account . The phone that im replacing that i used to text him has just bricked and he has removed the craigslist post so i can't find his phone number again .
i had a pet bearded dragon pass about a month ago after 10 years of owning her . i couldn't just let him slowly die, so i look around for something to put him out of his misery with a shovel . So i dig a small hole and bury the poor thing without my dog getting to it .
i started working with a new client at a new office in the Netherlands . The new client is a real client, with a possible 6-12 month contract, longer than our usual contracts . The whole office is serious, the funniest joke in the office is the competitor's financial results .
i bought a broken end table at a flea market for about $10, liked the design of it, and figured i'd slap some paint on it and make it pretty . My deposit was about $500, which i'm pretty sure there's now way i'm getting back now .
So far i've gotten 20 bucks stolen from me when i lent a girl my phone, i dropped it without noticing but saw her stealthily picking it up . Also a bird shat on my head, it is almost 30 degrees and i have no shade, no one to talk to, and an old fat construction worker keeps staring at me .
i sneezed all over her face and in her mouth . She then moved away and now i will not be talking to her again .... just fucked that up. Just messed that up .... just made it up. I'm a good looking guy so i'm not worried but i sat right next right to a beautiful blonde huge rack .
A few years ago, i was trying to go to the bathroom and my sister kept tying to open the door back up . Not thinking about where her fingers were, i slammed the door shut and heard a yelp of pain . Luckily my mom had been there and called 911 just in time to have them re-attach it and today it's as good as new .
i felt a sharp, burning pain in my hand when i felt it was a pain . The pain was so bad that i couldn't get to the hospital . Luckily, i managed to find out what was going to do with it . Now i can't wait for the first time to see how to get to work .
An almost married man in his early 30's can't contain myself not to be aroused by those young sexy girls . After a few more drinks we go to the bar to conclude the night and of course i'm still thinking about sex the whole time . When i came back you were laying on the bed with your erected shaft and the dog was licking the hell out of it .
Today, actually friday, i lost control in a curve (rear-wheel drive), hit a tree, then hit another tree . Luckily, i came out in one piece, with just a small scratch on my arm and a few bruises . Now i'm car-less and i feel miserable .
should i pour milk in my butthole? or just put ice cubes in there.. i have yoghurt that might work, that might be working . i've found it burns. holy fucking shit it burns!! i've had to pour milk into my ththole to try and get ice cubes into it .
An icelander from iceland says he just put one of the big fellas in his hamburger last week . He was surrounded by four huge guys from this organisation telling me how wrong it was to do this, how unethical i was and pretty much got bombarded with anti whaling propaganda .
Bmw m5 hit the car's driver side door with its full momentum . Head whip lashed over the frame of the door, rather than hitting the window . i fell off the seat and the world went momentarily black as i laid on the ground . The owner was very nice about it and his insurance ended up covering it .
i shit so much it piled up and no water was visible in the bowl . When i tried to flush noting happened, it just stayed . i felt so embarrassed about it that i didn't tell them about it . They had to call a plumber which i'm probably going to have to pay for .
i started backing out when i started to hear and feel the dreaded scraping of my right bumper . After a few moments of this i managed to escape its dreaded hold on my car . Ended up putting a huge dent in the right side along with horrendous scuffs and scratches to the paint .
My roommate's assigned spot is to the right of mine, and to park i approach from the left, so i have to watch my right-front corner so it doesn't hit her rear-left corner . Now there are scratches on both cars (mine got it worse), and i'm trying to figure out what to do next .
Yesterday it was beautiful out. so i drove with the sunroof open. Today there is a blizzard. 4 inches of snow in my car and a squirrel. wtf illinois is literally the shittiest place on earth. It's literally the worst place on Earth.
\"hi, aaron!\" the guy looks at me with a confused look and i realized it wasn't aaron. because aaron died in a car crash in high school. \"oh, sorry, you looked like a guy i used to know, you can't be him.\" the guy says to me \"aaron (last name)?\"
Last night i decided to go out drinking with some friends, one of which i used to have strong feelings for her . Made her to a fun tipsy drunk level and stopped and started giving her water . Then proceeded to spill my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings .
i'm 16 and that's when my grandma came in, i panicked and shit my self . It stained the white sheets and now my gf isn't talking to me . My grandmother noticed i ate taco bell and a prune smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well .
The stars aligned and her parents were out of the country . i let my virgin gf try to deepthroat me on a full stomach and things did not end well . i almost shit myself a little while before, will give the details if this gets some attention :)
My best friend was sent home from school because she had an upset stomach . When she was leaving, she projectile vomited down my back and had explosive diarrhea in her pants . She split her head open on a table and needed 20 stitches in her head and a change of clothes .
Fiance's 80-year-old grandmother, 'nan', came from england about 2 weeks ago . Last night she was there to witness my proposal . Nan wakes up and sits in the living room as i'm in the bedroom getting dressed for work . The same woman who told her granddaughter the night before to take her knickers off for me after i spilled a cold glass of water on her .
The sheriff thought he drove off without pumping his gas and therefore is drunk . The guy was taken to jail for driving on suspended, they were doing blood work for suspicion of drugs . If i hadn't of fazed up and put gas on the right pump instead, this dude wouldn't be in jail, oh well don't drive on suspended people .
i was talking on my phone, a bit tipsy, dishing my hopes and woes to someone too late into the night before work . In a rush i went upstairs to plug it back in and plugged it in . The phone died, and it was sitting there when i frantically ran down from my apt .
My mate and i were on our way to a party, i had a bag with me holding all our drinks and my friends computer . When i saw the train sitting there i thought it was leaving and proceeded to commando dive onto the train and break all the beers in my bag . turns out the train didnt leave for 10 minutes .
i ended up with 30 stitches on my face and 10 on my hands . This happened about a month ago on a really hot day in australia . The temperature was about a little above 40 degrees celsius and i was thirsty . i decided to hold the cold glass up to my head for ten minutes .
When my friend transferred into the highschool i didn't see her for a year until i got there, and her voice changed . It got really raspy like she'd lost it. Fast forward three weeks and i see her again three weeks after seeing her again .
The U.S. broke his arm, literally breaking his arm . He broke the arm, just above the elbow, just below the elbow . The actor broke his own arm, and broke his elbow in the break-up of the U.N.'s \"humerus\" just above elbow .
i dropped a glass measuring cup on on the ground and it shattered . i noticed one of the pieces had a large sharp edge to it . It cut through the wrinkly part covering my upper knuckle on my index finger like butter . i put pressure on the part that was cut, hoping to prevent the bleeding, and ran to get a band-aid .
i work with a couple guys who have muscular dystrophy so i wouldn't always call what i do work per say . Apparently it was cold enough when i parked that the rapid cooling of the glass in the back window shattered the entire thing . My relief ended up cutting his wrist on the jagged edge of the window remains .
i just realized that i haven't completed the requited sat subject tests . There may be way out of this, i can still take the tests, but they'll cost $78 and my mom won't pay for them . i also misinterpreted an essay for another college so now i have to rewrite that essay .
It's around 9am at night and all my family are in bed or at work, perfect! house to myself . But for some reason i could feel the piss soaking my legs and boxers . In absolute horror i pour water over the piss patch, leave my room to get some bi carb soda and pray this doesn't come back to haunt me .
i was with some friends at the tail end of a night of fireball shots when the guy asked me to \"do something sexy\". halfway down, my ass exploded an unholy cocktail if whiskey, shame, and misfortune. near tears, i crafted a lame drunken excuse to leave. if they found out, they never mentioned it.
i don't usually drink treatment meds but this time it's just so bad, i went looking for some robitussin . After looking around in desperation and coughing, i found it by the sink, got myself a spoonful and drank it right down . My tummy's all rumbling right now but i'll probably live .
i'm in the process of moving, and one of my sisters (15yo) kindly offered to help with cleaning . This bag contains several sexy lingerie (i like to feel sexy sometimes), several dildoes and vibrators, anal lube, make up, chastity cage, flesh lite.
i-94 was a snowy icy day in mn . So i decided to switch to the inner lane so i didn't get ticketed for not doing it . 2 seconds later i collide with the side barrier and now my bumpers are f****** and my dad thinks im lying about how shit went down .
My phone was meant to be in the same pocket as the pencil . When i was sat in class, there was no phone to be found . Two messages reading \"when we are both at home do you fancy a bum?xxx\" and \"i promise i'll get really hard and come all over your beautiful tits xxx\"
The thought of that crunchy under my foot is still giving me shivers . i managed to get myself to the bathroom without too much trouble and started it up because it takes at least 5-10 minutes to get hot water . Once i can feel the warmth of the shower water filling the bathroom, stand up and step in with second foot\u2026 crunchy .
An acquaintance of mine told me today that not only did i pass, but my grade was high enough that was called to accept the job... one month ago. Since i didn't know, i lost the job and i really feel like dying right about now. The job is one month after i lost it .
The beagle climbed on the bed and was dragging his ass across the portion of the sheets i wasn't on, howling . Then he promptly walked over to my surprised face and plopped his butt on my neck . Then the beagle thought it would be a marvelous idea to sit on my face while farting . He then dragged his ass 'all over town' and made sure i was watching his mighty exit into the hallway .
i'm new enough to reddit that i hadn't yet heard these stories . i saw comments regarding them on a thread. and now i'm going to vomit everywhere . reddit: reddit: 1, innocence: 0.0. reddit.com: reddit 1, 0.
Recently i had strep throat and i was still recuperating from it . The whole day i felt like crap and i just wanted to go home . My friends had a running joke with me fake sneezing and making farting noises to accompany it . Then i felt it diffusing warm fecal matter diffusing into my pants .
The woman is a cancer patient who got hired during a period of good health, but then took a turn for the worse and had to go on chemo again . An hour before i clocked out for the weekend, she said that she got lost while driving to work around 6pm (it\u2019s almost 10 now) but will be in soon . The police were called and they found her in her car in the employee parking garage, where she refused any treatment .
A few days ago i went on a long hike in the mountains in socal with my friends . On the end of our hike, we come across a bunch of pine needles, put them in my pack, and forget about them . After seeing pictures of people making pine needle tea...and it looked nothing like what i had grabbed . After a small panic attack, i pulled a bond, chugged a ton of salt water, then jammed my toothbrush to the back of my throat to make me puke .
Between 4 roommates and a boyfriend who tattoos from home, my \"alone time\" is very minimal . So, i pull up some nasty lesbian ass fetish porn on my phone, bust out the vibrator . 5 minutes in, my roommate welcomes himself into my room and screams like a little fucking girl .
i just got off work and headed over to my local liquor store . i use my fake i.d. and freely walk out the door with the bottle in a brown bag in my hand . i instantly see my cousolar from school scoping me out from his truck .
i had to spend $2 at the gym to buy my own bottle of water . It was an entire bottle full of magnesium sulfate, completely useless to me . The bottle was left there for almost a week and had the saltiest taste ever, so i decided to take a sip .
The invigilator was an old lady, sweet as hell and started her rounds going up and down the rows of desks collecting papers . She comes crashing down right in front of my eyes . i jump up and try to help her up but the damage has been done . Eventually they had to bring in a stretcher to carry her out .
The new girlfriend has always been very anti-blowjob in her life, but she wanted to try it out with me and found that she actually loves it and now can't seem to get enough of it . After a few days of that, we decide to give the 69 position a try because i love going down on her too . An hour later it turned into a discolored blotchy mess .
i was smoking some weed and playing some fifa with a couple of friends . It was all going pretty good before friend no. 1 decided he wanted to go to sleep and i had the urge to ingest some cough syrup . After doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high .
i was taking a test in class when suddenly i had to piss really bad . i managed to hold it until the end, rushing my way through it to finish it quickly . About an hour later, my laptop bag smelled like a porta-potty, then set it out in the sun to dry .
i've been feeling under the weather for the past couple of days . i'm feeling miserable and then in my desk, i remember i have some cold medicine . Upon further inspection, i have taken something to clear sinus congestion. that wasn't my problem. My problem was a runny nose .
i picked up this pretty german girl from a house party and we were at her place . When i got up from between her legs to take a breather and to look at her face i saw it . Blood was all over her, myface and her sheets .
i told my roommate that it wasn't possible to room with him since he's not a student manager . Since i was in the middle of a game, i kept playing, and didn't respond to either of them until an hour later . i was playing some heroes of newerth in the library .
i was sitting at my desk carrying on with my back pain when my monitors start to pulsate . After about five minutes i realize it's getting exponentially worse and my reaction time is slowing . i looked everywhere on my level of the building and found a couch with a couch in it . Turn out my mom gave me her emergency anxiety medication and not muscle relaxers .
she tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped with two teeth due to me, she lost her teeth . She fell out of the chair because of her tripping and losing two teeth on her way back to the chair . She lost teeth and lost teeth because she was too scared to lose two teeth .
i just got the new tomb raider for like 20 bucks the other day . When i saw dead space 1 and 2 i figured, \"wow people say great things about that game\" and it's only 10 bucks for both . So i purchased em em... and then saw that they were released by ea. what the fudge?!?!
the final was actually monday but i had it in my calendar as being on tuesday . Double checked the final schedule online and yep my final was yesterday . On the plus side i was able to get in touch with my professor and schedule a make up . guess not all hope is lost .
The plot twist comes when i return home later that night... when i find that spare house key that i cut a month ago . The metal piece to hold the lock onto the door frame pops off and the door opens . i reckon i can fix it, and i'm not really a handyman .
One of my friends (let's call him jake) was not making the best decisions, so i tried to give him some advise, then he got defensive and started blaming other people . When i sent the message to jake, he got very angry and left .
i've been having some family issues, i'm pretty sure i'm emotionally unstable, i have a tendency to hold everything in, and i've failed every single class this year . In a nutshell: asked bf for break, fucked up whole relationship . When we text i asked him why he needs a break, he gives me the same reasons .
i kept pushing to go to the beach with friends when one of them was uncomfortable with me being there . i think i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick . Now i feels like a 'dick' and i feel 'like a dick'
A few months ago i overslept and got dinged for coming into work a few hours late . Now i got 2 late attendance issues and i even got talked to by a supervisor . Because i'm on probation i can be terminated at any time, and i'm worried this might be it .
30 minutes ago, i came home from work and stopped at the store and decided to get two tubs of ice cream . After his conversation i was distracted by reddit, i looked in the floor next to me and picked up the tub only to feel a luke warm soup of what used to be icecream .
The 5 foot something and 120 lbs. i am extremely weak. i have trouble lifting 50 pound amplifiers by myself, without a roadie's aid . The look on my poor ol' babushka's face was sheer horror, the look on his poor ol 'babushka' was \"horrible\"
The interview with a technical team member went well, and i was offered the job (amazingly), to start next week, but decided to turn it down in favor of another one . The management don't know anything about proper development processes for it, and force quick and dirty solutions .
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery . She wasn't there, but she wasn't going to be in the U.S. She's not a fan of her story . She says she's not the only person she's been to be interviewed by her family .
This led to some nasty diarrhea building up on my train ride to college town this morning . When i got out i almost made it to the dorm entrance before my colon started to go to town on my butthole . The feeling is sure to haunt me in my dreams for quite some time . The main victims of the incident went in a bag and eventually the trash .
i'm 25 and know not to pet strange dogs . Why can i never get it through my head that just because something is tiny and adorable does not mean that it won't bite me? Those little bastards have teeth like miniature steak knives? i'm fucking 25-years-old and i'm freaking 25-year-old .
My parents are giving me a ride home from college today and i packed a small drawstring bag the week before of shit i would need in the car, snacks/bottle of water, shit to play with, book about led zeeplin \"so far pretty good and recommend it.\"
i got a three month membership to the local uxl, i wanted to work with the head of the local gym . After a year in charge, i decided to freeze my account . Now i have decided to cancel the contract, and i'm going to take it back to work .
i was working today and went to go get me and my manager coffees at a starbuck's within a stop and shop . As i push down trying to get it on, the lid goes one way and the coffee the other . Almost my entire iced coffee goes spilling all over the little table with cream, sugars and stirrers .
The week i wasn't able to find a decent gift that i thought would be liked so planned on sending a card or e-card . My brother completely forgot as well, won't talk to either of us, which don't blame her for . Even if i wanted to send a gift now, i feel its too late and even then the idea i had was said not to be good .
i'll admit, i waited until the last minute, maybe that was my first fu. Maybe that was her first fu-fu. maybe that's my first Fu. Maybe it was my own fu. I'll admit that maybe maybe that . Maybe that's not the first fu.\"
i haven't ran the motorcycle in close to a year so it made sense (in my head) i gathered a small gas tank and i cut up some hose and went at it . Being my first time every doing this, i didn't know how quickly the gas would move and before i knew it, i had a mouthful .
girl at work dropped these major hints and i'm too oblivious to realise until now . Friend to me:* \"girl x asked if you were single and then said 'interesting' when she found out you were . \"We should make it look like we're on a date!\"
i got very drunk there in a short period of time, then he brought out the bottle of tequila and poured everybody shots . Being the idiot i am, i said \"i'll have the bottle!\" and polished off the three or four shots left in it . Luckily i barely got any on myself so i cleaned up and went back to bed .
My roommate and i had decided to put their beds in bunk beds for the weekend . When we were taking them out of their bunk beds, disaster struck . The vertical and horizontal pieces separate which they do willingly leaving me with 3/4 of the bed to topple over and into the window .
i'm 19 years old, i shouldn't be kicking a ball around in the house anyway . It went down the hallway, curled past a wall, and shattered my window . \"you're going to break a goddamn window\" he'd say.  and it makes sense now .
An afternoon fap is in order, so i'm doing the deed (bukkake, if anyone was curious) As i'm finishing the doorbell goes and so some of it misses the tissue and goes on my hand . Two older gentlemen, one with a walking stick, are standing at the door with a bible and a pamphlet with a picture of jesus christ on it .
/r/cumsluts is the first thing in my chrome auto-complete whenever i type \"www.redd\" in the address bar . i'm very open at home, have nothing to hide from the wife, so i openly browse porn with no need for incognito or anything .
The cat had taken revenge for not being allowed to play outside by pissing on my shoes . This time i locked her inside the house across the street and they brought a large crane . At the daycare i noticed a terrible piss smell and thought they should really clean better .
i'm sitting at my computer, lolzing at all the fun reddit and r/tifu has to offer, after just preparing myself a delicious smelling, cardboard looking microwave lasagna . Note that i got no drink of water or anything to go with this delightful imitation feast .
i was trying to get a price quote for vegas on my laptop . i put random nonsense in each field (sjkadashdkjahsd) and proceeded to book the trip when i seen i could afford it . It was fixed free of charge, too!
The story is re-reading many of the comments here, and re-read this post, and i've come to realize that story was really less about me and how i (guess up) about how i don't have very close friends, and it's weird and scary that my old friends and family are changing relationships .
i wake up, parents already gone (i don't have classes today) and i take them out and don't think about it anymore. They were actually full of old clothes that she wanted to donate . i run outside to get the bags back only to see that, of course, the garbage truck already passed .
i'm backing away from the parking spot and *thump* i feel my stomach drop and the van hitting something . Just a few feet away there is a classic black dodge charger . In defense, the dodge charger is completely parked out of place where there is no room to back away from .
This happened before reddit was even a thing . The story happened years ago, but i figured tifu would enjoy it . i was 19 (almost 26) and an avid churchgoer and superchristian . i had recently made a myspace bulletin about wanting a pair of heelys because i thought they were the coolest damn thing on the planet .
The college store sells a lot of great merchandise including books, textbooks, food, and drink . It was lunchtime and i was hungry so i got a sandwich and some mountain dew. i then went up to the cash register when there was one person in line in front of me .
i went to get my eyes checked out about a week ago at cohen's fashion optical . They tell me that i could buy various amounts of one-a-day contacts, starting from a three-month supply to a one-year supply . Now it turns out that i can't even get a refund for them, and can only recieve store credit . Is there any way i could get my money back, or have something work out for me?
The pain of shaving the hairs on his ass began when he was told to shave off . After shaving his armpits, he went from shaving his chest, chest, arms, and arms to shaven his ass . After about 6 hours, my ass started to itch, i developed small pimple like rashes that oozed blood .
Every day every day is all it is anymore. seriously every day its all over the world is unsubiting. seriously. seriously, every day. Seriously every day thats all it's a day. unsubbingbing.com/substitution.com will be offered to subscribers .
i wasn't paying attention and poured my iced tea into my bowl of salad instead of my glass . Interesting taste, that's for sure. interesting taste. Interesting taste of your glass, that is for sure, that was an interesting taste for the taste of tea .
When i was 17, i tore my shoulder up in football practice, and re-tore it wakeboarding, and had to basically quit all of my sports . During freshman year of college, i gained a lot of weight, but my eating habits never did . During that time, i took in anywhere from 5,000-8,000 calories in any given day, and i stayed between 10% and 11.5% body fat pretty much at all times .
i worked in texas when i was a young man mowing and watering lawns . At the end of the season i collected all of my hoses form the properties that i cared for . 40 garden hoses with spike sprinklers attached, spinning around that big old brush taking paint/metal from all over the truck .
i was looking through my facebook and came across a picture of jessica simpson over the years and her weight gain . Her friend said \"what you don't like fat girls?\" and me trying to come back from that idea said \"i do, that's why i'm flirting with (insert girl i like's name)\" that's when i realized my mistake .
My boyfriend and i have been together for almost two years and a little over a year ago we broke up for a couple weeks . during that time i was talking to him and made the mistake of telling him i'd do him . i swear to god i would never cheat on my boyfriend ever .
2 weeks into it, i got comfy, and, when getting ready for work, i threw stuff out of my backpack on the floor . Among the \"stuff\" there were some toys that would make you blush . Then i realized, the cleaning person came that day (ugh, rich people sh!t)
my dad has been using ios 4.shit on his iphone 3gs since forever and whatsapp stopped working sometime last month . After being bothered everyday since then i decided to update his phone and install that damn program . After installing the program i realize his contacts are missing, i go into full panic mode when i realize what just happened .
i ended up having a crush on her, casually moving towards the \"more than friends\" zone . This girl i met was related to a group of teenagers smoking/dealing weed outside of my house every week . A minute later, she said that if anything happened to her relative, she would never talk to me again .
After a few beers, i managed to trip myself up as i crossed the road . As my hands were in my pockets, i couldn't do anything to stop it and head butted the pavement . As soon as my wife saw it she insisted i go to the hospital to get stitched up .
The guy playing goalie shouts to me, \"hey, 100 bucks if you can score on me from there!\". \"furious!\" in excruciating pain, open my eyes, and realize i was still in my bed, dreaming . Never did find out if i won that 100 bucks .
My last day working as a manager for a fast food company is tuesday . My give a fuck broke about half way through my 2 weeks working . Two women get in lobby and to leave for about 10 mins on two different occasions . They say no, they got in i have to serve them and they say no . They finally tell them leave or i am calling the cops .
Friend dave keeps changing his skype pic to tits to mess with me (because im straight) so one day i change my pic to hairy dick, i call him... he wont stop laughing, i realised all my skype friends saw my pic... apparently im a raging homosexual now...
Someone let out a spoiler, supposedly in the 2nd book, and i gave that guy the finger . In retrospect, i guess he was doing spoiler damage control . The person running the meeting actually yelled at me at this point and actually disrupted the proceedings far more than i had with what i thought was a playful middle finger .
i think my bf deployed overseas just proposed to me today . The title is pretty self explanatory.  i'm pretty drunk and am quite sure my paper rawks.  eh.  it's only the capstone paper and it'll be fine.  god what i wouldn't give for some scotch .
It's in my cis 125e class. We took the midterm, saved it and submitted it through blackboard . Except the name of the midterm workbook and the practice workbook are very close, and i didn't change the name . i was pretty out of it before i went to class and happened to click the wrong file .
i'm honestly very ashamed of this which is why it's a throwaway . When i take my tampons out sometimes they kind of get some momentum going and they swing a little . Only i tried to move it so it didn't hit the toilet and, as a result, it swung directly on my shirt (which, i might add, was brand new from a concert the night before)
The breaking of the ankle was last week, but this post is of the aftermath which took place today . The girl ran right in front of me, and somehow my foot met her right foot, and it just seemed like she tripped . She looked ok when i saw her again later the same day, so i didn't say anything . Now i'm pretty sure she and all of her friends think i'm a huge dick .
At the end of the shift at work, i am required to remove the notes from the 3 tills in my kiosk and look after the money until the cash office come to collect it . When i returned to the kiosk a couple of minutes later, i was told by the girls that the money had been collected .
i'm incredibly forgetful but never, ever this much. The only reason i even realized it was because i received an email from the service we use for online classes notifying me that they'd done a routine password reset . In defense, my daily life is already screwed up on a daily basis from my adhd, ocd, depression, anxiety disorders .
The landlord gets a cleaner in once a week to spruce the place up and stuff . When i came i may have let slip a little moan and my booty calls name. Not overly loudly, but in a quiet house, you could probably hear it . The cleaning lady now knows i masturbate with the showerhead .
i forgot my license in the car. today i left my backpack in my backpack . i have a huge test tomorrow so now it will be difficult to study, i also have a major assignment due tomorrow that is in the backpack that is due tomorrow . i am an idiot. i'm an idiot .
i forgot to unplug the flash drive from a computer in the library . Later she contacted me to return the drive to her, and that's when i realized that i have lost it . She told me that she had her cv, recommendation letter from her boss, and other papers in it .
The next week consisted of some very painful poops . i finished twice the next day, however, when i went to do my business, i noticed blood on the tp . It was the best sex of my entire life. Every single thrust felt so overwhelmingly awesome my entire brain turned to mush .
i already know and i've been so good leaving her alone.  but today my curiosity got the best of me and it really ended up burning me in the ass...like always... like always . Only to see how much she loves her new lover and how happy she is .
A year ago i showed him a picture of a funny reaction gif, he thought it was hilarious and asked if i could send him all the bookmarks . The unintended consequence of this was that our bookmarks were just a load of lol strategy guides and gaming related shit . In the process of swapping those bookmarks a year ago, i accidentally swapped every single password stored on my housemates google account .
This morning when i woke up, i was so comfortable my bed was so warm and cozy, but the gurgling feeling in my stomach was pressuring me to get the fuck up and use the bathroom . As i'm preparing my ramen, my roommate running down the stairs and into the bathroom, taking his own massive dump, while i'm in my room in agony . By this point i can't hold it. i've never had to poop so bad in my entire life .
i was out partying with my friends to celebrate all handing in our exam papers . The edge of the beer can cuts a deep rift in y cocked that's pressed pretty deep into the beer-hole as to prevent any spilling . i'm now home pressing thick cotton swabs on my poor cocked .
i used everything! bleach, windex, drain-o and even paint thinner! i actually rubbed off the orginal paint on the figure! i haven't told anybody yet and am dreading tomorrow . One of the owners of the hospital's nativity scene was set up to decorate the lobby and thus set up the scene .
The other night i downed an entire bottle of wine and had the house to myself . One of my roommate's left his door open and i thought it would be a great idea to look around in his computer to find out more about him. Also grabbed his external and went looking around there. i don't remember anything from what i found .
A friend of mine sent a picture of her sister to another group where her friend is . As soon as he saw the picture he recognized her sister . i knew he had a sister but i had never seen her, and i had no clue that she was my friend's sister .
i wanted to send an article about homeostasis in frogs . Copy pasted the article to a mutual friend of ours for shits . The article didn't copy copy, except i didn't hit ctrl c . The prof was cool about it, i told him it was a friend and said i feel sorry for you .
i was talking with a co-worker about the sFW porn network on reddit, specifically r/animalporn, and she overheard me saying that . Now she won't talk to me, let alone even glance in my direction, unless its to give me a dirty look .
i went to bed at 2 am (due to reddit) and woke up at 5:50 am to go to school . When i was brushing my teeth, a big glob of toothpaste fell out of the tube and onto my hand . Later in the day i (attempted) to run my hand through my hair, and i was greeted by a helmet of hair harder than a spartan helm .
http://://://i.c.org.com/g32d0ot.com: http://.org for details. http.org//.uk/i.g.uk for more information on the story behind the book . The book was originally written by the author of the book, which is out now .
Many stations on the underground have no toilets, but i was oblivious to this. Unfortunately, i was unaware of the size of the station, having only made previous journeys on the circle line . After a 30 minute journey, i realised i needed to do something about it . At the next stop (elephant and castle) and went to the shopping centre there, it was empty .
The night after this 3 day binge i woke up with constipation for the first time . The pain was so bad i had tears in my eyes for the rest of the night . After eating a bar of exlax laxative chocolate it was absolutely delicious, so i merrily ate the whole bar, believing this to be the dosage one is to consume .
i now call this girl \"bipolar attention whore\" due to her bipolar issues, she sexts me back and forth . Later on in the day she'll call me a creep for the things i said . i think i'll have to put on my supa nigga suit and save myself .
He cooked this delicious jalapeno and creamy rice and chicken dish . Less than a few minutes after, he jumped up and ran to the shower...along the way screaming screaming whats going on . Never again. never again.Never again. I nearly cried thinking about his dick feeling like that .
i almost never work with kids younger than 13, but i found myself in a 2nd grade class the other day . After a student pleaded, \"pleaseeeee mr. show us the real santa claus,\" i just slipped and said, \"you know there is no real Santa Claus\"
i woke up this morning, went out to the barn to discover that one of my kittens had died . Then i was milking a cow and she kicked me so hard in the hand i thought she broke it . As i was cutting my breakfast sausage with a fork, it slipped and poured sausage covered with syrup all over me .
i just missed by 4th chem test by not going to class and assuming the test date to be this friday . Just found out it was actually on 12/6 and there are no make ups . i'm so depressed and i blame no one but myself. hope you guys are doing well.
Me and my friend (who was bitching about his throat) were walking home from a late night 7/11 trip . On the way home this lady with her baby needed to use my phone to call the police on her abusive boyfriend . The ambulance came and medics were looking at him and they said they had to take them to the hospital . When i dropped him off i honked the horn so it would wake up his parents and it did and he got yelled at .
When i opened the microwave a huge gout of smoke poured out, it was horrible, i now know what shanghi smog feels like. My gf won't be happy when she comes home from work. The gout was horrible. It was horrible .
A week ago when i decided i wanted to buy a fleshlight . Before i knew it, we were buying 3 fleshlights . When the package comes all goes well and my friends and i create a plan to get rid of all the evidence such as the box and the casings that the sleeves come in . The brochure that comes with the fleshlight, complete with pornstars and a plethora of options of fleshlights to choose from .
i work at a somewhat small marketing firm, my cubicle is in the far end and no one is around me. today was a slow day, and i was having one of those horny times. midway through the thing my boss shows up and starts talking about some ideas for a project we're working on . After i've calmed down, some people are saying it's fake, \"dear penthouse\", /r/thathappened... whatever!\"
i was in a show today and ripped my pants pretty badly in the crotch area . i didn't have time to find other pants so i went on stage in front of over fifteen hundred people with crotch-less pants on . It was a good day for the show .
i thought about making plans to go out with some friends, but decided to stay home and rest to prepare for another early morning at my second job after a long week at my primary, and coming down with some congestion . After texting my boss's wife earlier, accidentally hit her name when i texted \"i'm actually not feeling so hot baby so i'm gonna go to sleep\"
This just happened to my gf and not me . She was suppose to receive some skull candy head phones from here grandma but they never came . She accidentally typed up the reply using the email from the lingerie site with tracking info. so we're awaiting a rather awkward phone call in the future .
Yesterday i felt like shaving my junk, i don't know why i just did . Unfortunately, i wasnt taking my time and gave myself some serious razor burn all around my crotch . It looks awful and it hurts like shit, i'm not sure why i did this .
i went to the bar with a friend to relax and drink my sorrows away after a crappy week . In my coat where the keys to my apparment and a freshly opened pack of sigarets are on them . If i dont have them back before monday i have to report that they are missing and have to pay a for replacements .
i'm currently a guest in a house that is off grid for water and gas and has expensive electricity . As i was heading back to bed i remembered i hadn't brushed my teeth so i walked back and started brushing . With a spark of inspiration remember i have bottles of water lying around the place . The more i rinsed the worse it got (obviously), i grabbed my flannel and did some mouth scraping .
A week ago, my girlfriend told me a week ago that i was getting a suprise on friday . So the week passes by and i noticed she put on make up and some fancy clothing, oddly enough she never dresses like that . Later she asks why i didn't say anything and after some talk, i asked her what the suprise was and she says her odd appearance was it .
In 2004, two of my friends and i were crashing at one of our friend\u2019s house. One of us had weed, but one of them had weed . After poking about 20 pinholes in our poor man\u2019\ufffds bowl, we trucked through a foot of snow towards our smoking destination . After a solid ten minute coughing spree, we made our way back to the family room, there was a plate of brownies .
i was so drunk that i could barely walk, i have no idea how i got home, or how i payed the taxi driver that took me home, got inside the house, locked the door, put myself to bed or anything else else . Now it turns out i apparently lost my glasses somewhere .
i don't know what the fuck happened, but immediately upon upon striking the water, about 16 million fruit flies erupted from it and swarmed the room . My house is infested with them now, every room has countless shit bastards everywhere, writes a story on CNN iReport.com .
i was off of work and i really like spicy stuff so i wanted to try it . i made the mistake of swallowing when i tasted it so i coughed a lot . Luckily, luckily i was not holding my dick, but i did pick your nose, right?
Girlfriend introduced him to reddit about 6 or so months ago . When she sent her a link or message, she checked that accounts history and read a couple posts about \"sex at work\" Gave up a fight because i wrote a fantasy story where i essentially got off by being an asshole who used women for my own sexual gratification . Now she's angry, she is going to her parents tonight instead of the plans we had .
i (m 15) live about a mile away from wendys, and decided to spend my friday afternoon with my friends . When we get there i get a classic, chocolate, frosty and and and . eating it with a plastic knife. Well you guessed it a couple feet later clumsy me trips in a random rock and down goes goodman. 1 hour later im at the hospital getting my torn up cheeck .
The last friday of every month they have a big drink up at the bar near their office . It's an open bar to pretty much anyone who says, \"oh yeah, i'm with the company\" so i usually end up showing up and we hang out and get drunk for free . When a girl only had one hand and one nub, i offered to buy her a drink .
A couple years ago, my good friend's dad lost his battle to cancer . He's positive, and very funny, he's positive and funny . A few years ago he lost his dad to cancer, and never talks about it . A party tonight that we're both going to talk about dodging a bullet!
Last night i'm so tired that i didn't realize that i was actually peeing on my shorts . It was bad. it soaked from the waist to the knee, all down the front . The smell kept my sense of smell suppressed, but i carried on with my nose .
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,  " Most soldering irons have a little led light that indicates when it is on . Instead of checking if if it was on by melting some solder, i touched it . i shouted every curse i know and then some, the end of the day . The end of this article was published on CNN.com/Heroes .
i work at a government facility, and bathrooms are for employees and visitors alike . After lunch i went to the bathroom, i go sit in and i see this shadow on the wall coming from the guy on the next toilet . At first i though : this guy is f***ing up his butt cause that is so fast it was still moving and this time faster .
i have a live in boyfriend, no one else was scheduled to come in that day, and the clients for the day were a group of 13 year olds for a birthday party . Suddenly the door opens, i spin around to see a very hungover couple, holding the empty box with tears in my eyes .
i woke up this morning to an abundance of rain . The family across the street is getting their kids in the car . i wave, knowing i look like an idiot, they just stare at me \u2013 they don\u2019t even wave back. They just keep staring at me .
A while back my friend's gf started talking about setting me up with one of her friends . While i like her a lot and consider her a pretty good friend, both my friend and  gf is not at all into the punk thing . The next day i drive over to pick them up, notice from a distance there is an extra head .
A few years ago, i wanted to teach him how to say \"help, i\u00b4ve been turned into a parrot!\" He only learned how to shout \"heeeeeelp!\" a few days later: sesar is practicing his new vocabulary in an extraordinarily loud manner . He has a vocabulary of over 150 words and is capable of forming random sentences and shit .
Over the summer, my roommate broke up with her boyfriend of almost 3 years, came back in tears talking about suicide . So me, not being one to handle these situations well, decided to call the professionals . One of the school's psychologists comes to talk to her and set up an appointment .
A guy at his table asked to see his phone, thinking nothing of it, and slide it over to him . Not 10 seconds later does my heart stop: oh oh oh, i didn't delete the pictures . Not sure if that is because we are classmates, or he saw the naked pictures .
Breaking Bad season 1, episode 1 starts up and all is well . It's the character walt's birthday and his wife starts jerking him off under the covers . The scene that walt is hospitalized and diagnosed with cancer . i had forgotten that her uncle has cancer and is going to die in the next few weeks .
i was dreaming and in my dream, a cockroach was about to fly at me . In real life, my hand was resting by my side, i apparently raised it, adjusted it right over my balls, and bashed them four times with machine gun speed . i woke up instantly, full of regret, and asked his wife to get up first to start the day and give me 'a minute'
It's my grandparents last day in ireland before they go back to us tomorrow . They loved the drink so much we had to make sure we have bailey's or maloney's (same thing, different brand) during their stay . So as a remembrance, i went to the local tesco's, took three bottles and went at the till to pay . The till person looked me up and down and said \"you look 16 so i need to check\".
i have colitis and colitis . This means that when i get the urge to poop, i'd better find a toilet *fast*. i'm fine one minute, and the next i'm prairie doggin' that's my life with this illness . After thinking about it, i wonder if this had anything to do with the taco bell i had for lunch. damn you, 1/2 lb cheesy potato burrito!!
i won tickets to see the sick puppies . However, they sent me the email the day before the concert . When i checked my email i realized i that the concert had already passed . So, when i checked her email i found out i had the concert already passed :( :(
i decided to take my laptop to classes today to work on an outline . During my economics class, i was copying over a powerpoint to friend a's flash drive . After it's finished, i closed out of the window, but didn't close the application . The teacher saw it and i'm pretty sure the teacher saw the porn window .
i tried to wash my hands because the mop handle thingy was dirty . All of a sudden the faucet snaps off . Water was spraying all over the place . My boss came out of the office and just looked at us in a very disgusted way . Not a single word was spoken the rest of the night .
i have working with a certain company down here in alabama who does electronic recycling . i used to do full time computer repair for the store until they moved me to the main location, and put me in a customer service position for our ebay department . My boss didn't like this, and terminated me on the spot because he says it .
A friend and i, are putting our laptop back to our bag when my friend shows me a key-chain miniature of the well-known south park character kayle . My first reaction was to impersonate cartman and yell at the miniature kayle : \"you fucking fucking jew kayle!\" as our teacher was standing 3 meters in front of us .
The good news- i don't have my high-beams permanently switched on anymore . For about 2-months solid, i've been driving like a complete fuck-up . Also didn't know that you're not supposed to leave your high-beam on, in the occasion someone passes you .
John doe was a math tutor at the time of his high school graduation . When i left as a tutor was also mrs red's birthday, i gave her mittens and birthday card . Principal told her how inappropriate it was for a student to give her gifts, and that's when she was no longer allowed on campus .
i got fired back in may but had a pretty good amount in my 401k and retirement benefits remain . Two weeks ago i went to start my claims and found my claim was inactive . Now i'm down to my last $1000 with rent coming up (i can still make rent but past that i don't know)
The very same boyfriend's dad, named stanislav or stan, was in the bathtub . By reflex i cover the tub of lube with a shirt . The tub opened, getting lube all over stan's shirt . i think i'm just going to stop talking to or interacting with stan at all .
i'm a 30 yo gay male. i'm home visiting my family (mom and sis) and as i was about to shower, i noticed my sister left her black panties hanging on a towel hanger . When i took them out i smelled... dick. There was a wet spot on the panties .
Five of the five men were part of the huge uk rave scene in the 1990s . In 2003, they decided to get personalised t-shirts with something crude and embarrassing written on them . After a fight in the face, paul and paul were arrested and arrested .
The self-scanner scanned and bagged as i go along . Another lady comes walking by, and a package of deli meat falls on the floor . Some random person got my turkey breast, but i paid for it again, or leaving it at the checkout if she realizes it wasn't hers .
The lava sloshed onto his thumb and wrist . One visit and two percocet later and i now realize how much i use both hands . The result was a result of boiling hot pasta sauce, which went to transfer from a saucepan to stockpot .
i had been texting my girlfriend, with no issues there . The fun started when i told her i wanted to skype . Apparently i had called her \"my sweet dyke\" i was horrified because i am very tolerant and open-minded and supportive of lgbt rights and the fact that my girlfriend is bisexual .
i went to the club tonight to hang out with a friend i hadn't seen in a while . She and i got into a bit of an in depth conversation regarding a sound system at another club . As soon as i finished the sentence i knew i'd opened up a giant can of cringe, as i instantly recognised who she was when she told me her name .
my husband had the hiccups, so i told him to take a deep breath and i intended to scare him out of it . so, while he held the breath, i slapped at him . Only, i'm fairly drunk, so... my \"pretend\" slap turned into a real one .
i got really drunk and blacked out. woke up later, not even hung over, but i knew what had happened because i didn't have to pee . Currently drying out my wallet, and hoping my phone will work again after sitting in some rice for a few days .
i was doing well on my \"try and not eat so much crap\" diet. and i still have christ christmas candy . and i'm doing pretty well on the diet . And i'm still trying to get rid of the candy and still has a lot of candy .
A few days ago, i get a ticket from someone who i missing their pst files (outlook archives) so i remote into his machine and find the them in the default location . When i try to map them to the outlook profile they are prompting for a password . After looking online for a solution when i came across this program (http://www.nirsoft.net//pst_password.html) after looking at this site, i downloaded the program on to the machine and it was automatically flagged as a virus by their antivirus .
i thought i was different.  thought i had been immune . Now i'm afraid to stand up at work and smell it soon . \"You never prepared me for this,\" she writes . She says, \"no, that could never happen to *me*\" and \"pretty soon someone is going to smell it\"
i was using the same glass to drink from all day in the kitchen as you do so that you make less dishes . My wife used some liquid hand soap to wash her hands after something then put the bottle back down with the nozzle pointing over the glass i'd been using . After the taste hit my tongue at the end of the drink did i realise what had happened!
You know when you get an idea, and you just really want to do it . The wank was on a bus in a bus, but i didn't get caught and probably won't . But i feel wrong and dirty, and wrong and all sorts of bad .
i woke up to the sound of my dog barking (biggest pain in the ass) i decided to unleash a lovely combination of the most ferocious words i could think of . The children walk by my back wall every day on their way to school . The looks received from the parents were enough to make me hide under my covers .
The thumb was relocated wrong and dislocated itself on its way to class . The leader of the group shook his hand and grabbed his wrist, and shoved it back into place . The head of a group was forced to walk out of class and treat it to treat it with pain . The thumb is more painful than breaking into several pieces .
Yesterday afternoon, my mom told me that she needed my laptop tomorrow (today) morning to work because hers was broken . Later that night, i was watching porn later that night . My mom noticed these shit-load of tabs of porn videos, and clicked them . The next day (today), i woke up to my mom's thunderous roar. She was mad, but i could feel in her voice that she thought it was pretty funny, as well .
Mom had left her perfume in the medicine cabinet in her hurry to get out on time this morning . So my hand instinctively reaches to the spot where my mouth should be . Pop the lid off with her mouth without having to lift the other hand . What i ended up popping was her perfume's nozzle .
A tale from my mother's mind's eye, i went to the party of an old friend of my husband . After a few shots of liquor, the shit exploded in the most marvelous assplosion this side of the milky way has ever seen . \"Let me out! let me out!\" the poor dookie explained .
'salsberry jones' was a fake name that my friends and i had been throwing around and creating a back story for the past couple days . However, i did not realize that it had linked my real gmail to the account as well . i've sent emails to my teachers, my family, my work, various professional organization, and friends who now all think i'm just something special .
A few weeks ago, my girlfriend and i had a happy relationship . A few nights ago i realized i wasn't the only one this was affecting one of her friends . After a week ago i asked her why, and she said she needed a break and that i was overbearing her .
My exwife is an unnattracive 27y/o with an evil attitude and a vicious relationship history . When she comes by, she gives me a hard time about not getting enough sex . When i am horny and being taunted, i made up stories about how long it has been since my gf and i was sex starved . She starts getting her shit together, but basically just slides on her pants and sweater .
i've been sick since friday (some sort of cold or whatnot) so my brain cycles aren't where they would normally be . A few seconds in, i feel this weird tingling sensation . i look down at the tube i had just set down and, lo- behold, icy hot. icy hot .
i'm in college and was hanging out with a group of girl friends at a male japanese exchange students dorm . One of my friends says she thinks she knows something that jajese say in sex, \"ki..kimo..chi?\" to which i blurted out, \"yeah! kimochi! 'it feels good'\"
It crashed into a womans brick mailbox, totally ruining it - as well as the front bumper of my car . The police and the owner of the house turned out to be pretty cool with it . The car crashed into the living room of a family sitting in it at the time .
A middle-aged man gets on the tube stop before mine . Everyone notices the sudden flourish; as you do, this being the london underground, everyone notices and then quickly ignores the flourish . As my stop is announced, his initial surprise slowly turns to disbelief. exiting the train, it dawns on .
i've had all of this info on a USB drive for months, which i take with me from class to class and leave in my office at the end of the day . i swear i left it next to my computer like i always do on friday, i even checked my coat pockets and my bags and went through all my drawers .
This is my first post, but i feel that my fuck up should be announced to the internet . i love skiing, and i was somewhat hungry after a day at the terrain park . After eating it, i noticed it had rock hard bits in it, and the bits tasted like shit . Fast forward to midnight, when i wake up with the most ungodly of feelings in my stomach .
i misread the syllabus at the beginning of the semester and thought it was a flat 5% of the total grade . Apparently attendance overrides high scores in the much more significant tests, quizzes, and papers . It will force me to stay in school for one semester to take a worthless class, delay my employer and potentially ruin my employment plans .
After a night of heavy drinking and partying we came back to a friend's house . Drunk me decided to pull down my pants while i was throwing up, and then i pomited (poo & vomit, for those playing at home) The best part, i sat back down where i shat, and passed out .
if you drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time . If you drink or try to cut, you'll have a 'bad time' if you're trying to trim you're going to have a good time . \"If you drink your drink and . try to . trim, or trim,\" he says .
'trust a fart... right after school... on my way home and you know the rest' luckily luckily i was halfway to my car . Luckily i was able to get back to his car and the rest rest of the time was so bad that i was about to get a fart .
i was working on the shop floor on implementing one of our packages to a production line . As we reached the last workstation, i excused myself and follow the signs towards the bathroom . Half through i hear a flush from deeper in the bathroom, so i continue on pissing into this odd circular urinal .
i don't have insurance on it either, because i thought i wouldn't need it . Luckily luckily i hadn't started actually going to the bathroom, so i was able to pull it out, and throw it in some rice . Hopefully it's not dead. Hopefully the phone isn't dead .
The night before i was skyping with her and i was very drunk . The next day i had completely forgot the conversation with my roommate and some friends . i thought i should leave asap and figure out an excuse on my way to the airport . The train was supposed to arrive at 2:30am but i got on the wrong platform .
i ended up leaving 20 nuggets and 3 large servings of chips . The sink is stuck on hot, and i vomited again into the toilet . After retching for a while, my girlfriend tried to turn the tap onto cold, and to get the chips to fit into the stupidly designed plug .
The majority of tifu stories are about people shitting themselves . If you've shit yourself, please tell us your story on /r/ishitmyself. It should help clear some of the near-identical stories that are in violation of rule 2: \"no unoriginal or ordinary posts\"
The timing was so perfect i could only describe it as poetic . As soon as i get the bar of soap in my hand, it goes flying out and lands in the swirling receding disgusting slush of my toilet, just in time for it all to get flushed down the drain .
My friend apparently got pulled over by a sheriff and almost deported because he found some weed residue in my one-hitter . Well my friend got a ticket and has to pay 400$. she wants me to pay for at least half also, this is the same friend whose bong i accidentally broke whilst drunk .
i heard a splootch sound and my ass got hot all of the sudden. luckly there was minimal pizza leakages on to my pants . Pictures of the devastation can be added if needed/requested, pictures of the damage can go on to the website .
i practiced apathy this quarter and didn't take my life seriously . Now my average isn't where i need it to be and i'm a junior . My mom is now crying, and even though i have a hard time with her, i cant stand to see her like this .
Every day when i come home from work or school (i'm sixteen) i always reddit while on the toilet because the only thing that would make that situation is better is food . So i leave the restroom after about half an hour and go for my room, but my mother follows me . She then proceeds to tell me masturbating is unhealthy .
i was chatting with an elderly lady while we were waiting for the dentist to come in and start the procedure . She audibly gasped and didn't look at or speak to me again, even after i laughed it off . After her procedure, she complained about me up front of the dentist up front . The boss laughed off it, but i wish i could tell that lady i'm not the needle craft pervert she thinks i am .
i don't know what to do, he is basically making me choose between him and her . Now my life is literally ending, and i'm sitting here crying. i'm shaking and desperately want to end my life. He found out and got extremely mad. He is basically telling me to end her life .
i'm a black guy with coarse black pubes . i tried to dye my pubes bleach blond with my girlfriends bleach for a photo shoot . Now i didn't do it right. Now my pubees are fire red.com.com/black guy with dark pubes.
i didn't even know what wasabi was all i knew was that there was some green stuff next to my sushi . So i dipped it in and the whole glob got stuck to the sushi, and i was dying for the next 15minutes . i had no idea that wasabi made me cry, so i plopped the thing in my mouth .
Some friends and i went out to shoot guns and there is about a foot of snow where we went out . An hour later i took a dump and made a snowball to wipe my ass . i thought itd be funny to throw the snowball at my friends who were still here with me .
'great way to start my saturday, no phone and no money to get a new one,' she says . Her phone, desk and lap spilled coffee on her desk and her lap . Great way to get to the office hung over, buy coffee, perfect. proceed to spill said coffee on my phone .
i went to a friends house and we got a half gallon of whiskey . One of my buddies wanted to box and i agreed though i'm a small guy and not much of a fighter . When he swung i tried to duck backwards so instead of getting hit in the side of my nose . Now my nose is extremly crooked and i spent an hour at the hospital to have almost nothing done expect some antibiotics and being told i needed to see a nose doctor because it is clearly broken .
i didn't even notice until i walked by her friend reading the menu to her . i felt so guilty and ashamed, i couldn't even go up to her and apologize . i was in the zone and wasn't thinking. i couldn\u2019t even go to the woman and apologize because i\u2019m not thinking .
i had a coughing fit and lost control of my anus . Luckily, my underwear absorbed most of it and i was able to clean up ok and just toss them out . If enough time goes by without me coughing, she starts talking to our 4 month old son about how daddy poops himself .
It's 50-50 as to whether charges will be laid for possible grand theft . Police suspended my license and filled out paperwork . If charges are laid i'm speculating $5000.00 to fix the brickwork on a house wall and possibly jail time for the car and $2,500 in court fees .
The only way i could have borked this more was by mentioning [the sub]http://://://mlpg.co/)... The sub [http://http://mlPG.co.co/././. He just sent him there into the depths of the internet hate machine and the pit of /mlp .
i got a notification about one of my tweets on #breakingbad . The reply to my tweet said that i won a copy of the boxed edition breaking bad dvd set . i went to the site, redeemed my code, and gave the scammer my address, email, and phone number .
The video was posted by a coworker . The video shows a girl dancing around the dance floor . i apologized, and then didn't speak to her for another month . The guy who made the video threatened to send a mass email to our department, but he never did .
i have worked the same dead-end job for a year and a half . i was due to sign on at 8:45. They have a strict zero-tolerance policy for tardiness, so i lost my job before i started. i couldn't get my old job back .
This is why you don't play drunk . This was saturday night, but the true severity of the fuckup wasn't apparent until this morning . At the end of the song i walk over to hand the mic back to the kj, and don't realize that the stage ends before her .
\"Products may be returned for up to 14 days\" after purchase . Products may return for **14 days** after purchase.\" [Products may not be returned from up to . 14 days after purchase, [products may] return for . up to 15 days after purchasing .
In high school, i was 10/10 blackout blackout . The next morning, my body turned on me . It was awful it felt like i was puking out of my asshole . After a shower, i popped a boner, and i thought it might not be ruined yet . It made me the man he is today .
i woke up 30 minutes after we were supposed to meet, freaked the hell out when i saw my phone, the time, and the missed texts from him . Luckily he's nice and we're going out again tomorrow; he's letting me buy his coffee . i still feel awful about it .
and now more than half of them will not go back on . More than half will not be back on, but more will not return on . and more than 50 of them won't go back to their positions . More of them are now back on the job after more than a decade in prison .
A month ago, i've had some bad sinus issues, but now i'm at my grandma's for a week . When i woke up, i started throwing up immediately, spewing all over the toilet . The bathroom layout is kinda important to the story as well as the bathroom layout .
i'm not religious but i am not religious, i'll skip straight to the point . The next day as i walk in the other door, almost everybody panics and just runs out of the room with just me, even the people from other classes . The very next day when i walked into the room and started yelling and telling them to shut up .
My boss showed up to do my annual review . When i slid off the table, i reached back to dig out the resulting wedgie, he's standing there holding out his hand for me to shake . He gave a knowing nod as if \"we'll just pretend that never happened\"
This weekend i bought in for 1000 dollars on carbonpoker.com to play some poker . Over the last 2 days i decided to play a few hands of blackjack and i broke even . Apparently i got switched to a real money game and i blew through 1200 dollars in under one minute .
A few months ago i received an old japanese arisaka rifle from my grandfather after he passed . When i was shouldering the gun, my finger must have moved ~~out of instinct and squeezed the trigger~~, but the whole moment is a blur to me, even now . After a few seconds of shock at what just happened, i realized that the gun had just fired .
i wasn't feeling well this morning and decided not to eat anything before going to a job interview . As i got dizzy and felt like i was going to throw up in the lobby, i found my way into a copy room where i promptly fainted and face planted on a copy machine .
This weekend i went to a crawfish boil/bbq where there was a large bonfire . Later in the evening the fire began to die down, so i began to pile on my wood . After falling down into the pile of wood to be burned as i gathered it, leaving me with minor scrapes on my arms and stomach .
\"git reset *\", i used \"git rm -r *\" to delete the actual files on disk, and so i lost my past month of work . Instead of using \"gitreset *\", \"git rem remarking\" instead of using .git reset, i used the .gitignore .
i was high as high as hell and with a pizza pice in my lung . The crust from my pizza had got stuck in my pharynx . At this point i was 99% certain that i was going to die on the floor . After panicked so hard that i had forgotten to breath . Eventually they called an ambulance .
The baby had shit at least six times throughout the day . On any given day her norm is 1-2 poops, but we figured something she had eaten didn't agree with her . She poured a bottle of milk from a clear container in the fridge and poured in some hazelnut flavored creamer .
Yesterday at school i decided to get the crab sushi because everything else was shit. i sat at my table eating all the sushi in box. fastward to the morning i wake up. My boxers are wet. Fastward to morning i woke up. i panicked thinking i pissed the bed but later found out i shit myself. Now i've been on the toilet for already an hour .
An adorable little cat was hanging out under a giant truck . As i got out of my car i locked it behind me . The cat ran away, and i went in to eat . $50 dollars and 20 minutes late to get back to work and i the shop guys are offering me hammers .
i'm taking a comp-sci class in high school and had all my work on a USB stick . Yesterday i forgot it at school and it wan't there today. so over a semester's worth of work has been flushed down the drain . Back to the page you came from .
i was laughing much i threw up and pissed myself .... i almost shit myself... i still hurt from laughing . The best one so far has been posted on reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/19qpxe/Ttifu_by_causing my girlfriend_to_get_attacked_by/)
i got a new job! It's my 2nd day... since our store hasn't had it's grand opening we spent hours organizing, sweeping, mopping and scrubbed the entire place down top to bottom . Once finished we started unloading a truck of 2 liter sodas and the one on top slips off (i desperately try to hack it with my foot to break it's fall, but i'm awesome and ended up kicking it back into the air)
My friend was in the vagina monologues at my university and i had absolutely no idea what to expect . After she left the stage, i was thinking how funny she was and didn't pay attention to the introduction to the next part, where they explained the next monologue was about rape .
i'm currently sitting on the shoulder of a very busy major highway (16-lane) because i was trying to get the most out of a tank of gas . i'm a caa member, so this is all going to get sorted out at no expense, but boy do i feel like a horses patoot .
my friend (girl) lives in student housing and one of the rules is no guys sleeping over and they have to be out by 11 pm. well since i used to live in the same complex the managers knew what my car looked like. so i left a little past curfew on a few occasions and slept over one night. She is now getting evicted.
\"just want to hook up? try 'this site'....and like an idiot i clicked, made a profile there too, and then started getting responses from a few people . $100 for a hookup site i just wanted to use for amusement until i leave the city i'm in .
A group of friends got into the subject of hats and one of them blurted out that he disliked headgear in general . Later that night i get a really vague answer from her saying \"how could he do that\". After about an hour of explaining that it wasn't directed at her but it made no difference . She currently hates me and i'm not quite sure how to feel .
i was out with a few friends and my girlfriend celebrating green beer day . Unbeknowningly this cheap green beer and fish sandwich cocktail was brewing in my stomach . After these waves of gas hit me, i suggest to my gang of fellow celebrators that we go back to my girlfriends house so i can unleash this monstrosity within me . Luckily luckily i was wearing boxer briefs so it was all contained .
i was at the bar and i turned to meet the gaze of a really hot redhead right as my fingers were right up my pants . Her expression went from interested to disgusted when she realized what i was doing . The expression of her disgust was turned up to disgusted .
A few days ago i bought a new stereo for my car with the main attraction being bluetooth calling/hands-free . So a couple weeks ago i preorder kavinsky's - outrun album on cd and have been eagerly awaiting for it to arrive . When i go to put the cd in and i realize that my stereo doesn't have CD playback .
i no longer have a girlfriend and i don't have a best friend anymore . We were good friends for 5 years and helped each other out with school, work, and personal problems . We decided to start dating a few months ago, and we just went through a bad breakup .
\"Eight-pumped\" is a term i made up to describe a sexual act consisting of a mere eight strokes . \"[name withheld] had texted me! we had been talking for a couple of days and the night previous i had convinced her to send me some racy pictures so she obviously found it troublesome to contain the sexual beast that i had unleashed inside of her .
A student comes barreling down the hall at top speed and his shoulder collides with my face . When i come up, there's a web of white in front of my left eye, it's my glasses-the lens got a bunch of cracks in. What you think happened didn't happen. What is life.
The crush asks her for her number . The response was \"i actually don't know it,\" my response was to ask her . \"i feel like such a fucking idiot i want to kill myself. i am way too fucking shy to ask. i'm so fucking pumped at this point.
i was going to be driving to near the animal shelter on my route around town checking stuff out . After about 2 minutes of driving the kitten got up and found that the truck had a tiny opening allowing the cat to crawl into the dash . After 5 minutes the kitten had came out of the dash and is in the floorboard, but he is uninterested in the food .
i saw a roosterteeth video on how they do \"the air jerk off\" to each other . Right as i was going through the motion to demonstrate, a mother with three kids walks right in front of me . She stared at me awkwardly for a few seconds, and continued .
i was home alone and i went outside to check up on my rabbit and my chickens (to make sure everything was okay for the night) when i saw one goldfish lying upside down at the surface . When i reached over and of course my brand new phone falls into the water . After about 3 min i managed to grab my phone, my sleeve was soaking wet .
The dog likes to pee in that hallway when nobody is awake to take her out at three in the mornging . While i was on reddit my backpack was soaking up the pee like a sponge . People have been asking \"whats that smell?\" but no one has found out it was my backpack .
i have known a coworker for a whole.com . She grabbed her hat and held my head down like a hockey player would . i apologize and she just shrugs it off. half hour later i get a call from my main boss asking what happened and i said yes but in play .
Software developer was developing a software for a client, who is a stocks trader . The software is a trading software for automating the buying / selling of stocks . A couple weeks ago the client had logged onto this computer to do something, and then had left his main account logged in . Suddenly, i got a call where i got told to immediately stop whatever i was doing, and noticed that it was logged into the live account rather than demo .
i was feeling overconfident and made the crust without measuring things and apparently put too much butter in . The excess butter melted out of the pan, onto the floor of my oven . The fire alarm went off, my neighbors are upset with me for waking up their young children and my cheesecake is ass .
The last 5 minutes of this video was sent to my professor . Video: http://www.vice.com/thevice-guide-to-travel/the-japanese-love-industry love industryry . i'm taking japanese in college right.com .
The girl and i have become friends this past semester, as we are in the same class and sit together every day . So we agreed to meet in the library to get some work done together, and she was already there when i was coming in . She let out a huge shriek, alerting every one arounnd that i was an asshole .
i'm getting together with some lady friends to exchange their un-used nail polishes . One of the stipulations for the exchange is that it not be dried out, so i knock it on the carpet . The side of the bottle shatters open and polish sprays everywhere .
A friend of mine leaned over and said; \"bless you\" i just lost it! i couldnt stop laughing for like 10 minutes! i had to go out in the hall and just giggle to myself for the last 5 of those 10 mins. The last five of those ten mins.
i wasn't paying attention when uploading pictures to the gallery for everyone to view for the respect of artistic beauty . Now i can't upload anything to this account, which i run some business through . i could make another account, but i don't want someone complaining that it's all reposts .
i woke up around two in the night and felt feverish and a strong push from inside my bowels and down towards my poop-chute . This was about half/three quarts a year ago and today, and i still have a little scar to remind me of the fierce powers of poseidon .
On friday, i took a bus from prague to budapest, though i was told it might terminate in bratislava due to bad weather . For about 9 hours, we move an astounding 2km while giant industrial trucks drive past us the opposite way (at lightning fast 5km/hour) someone wound up giving birth in the traffic jam .
i posted a link to /r/mylittlenosleep when it is not there on the first post of the thread (my post) http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/1agihf/i_think_im_screwed_out_of_100k_what_can_i_do_au/c8xbx50)
i've been single a long time now, and we all have needs, right? So, during a quiet moment, i decide to have a bit of 'me time' with the computer . When my son wandered in to my room to chat to me about something, and i was just seeing what it meant .
i worked at a car wash where i sometimes prep the cars down with a pressure washer before they go into the tunnel to be cleaned on the track . Well i didn't realize this brand new f-250 had a sun roof and let it go through open, wetting everything .
While sleeping i have a dream of playing gta iv for some reason i've never played that game in forever . In the dream i run a stop sign and end up getting shot and killed by a cop for it . When i get to the kitchen fully naked i see my whole family enjoying sunday dinner, and not just my family today .
i was on the verge of pissing my pants when i spot a large flatbed tow truck parked on a street that was perfect for a clandestine public urination . As i walked off hastily i could not for the life of me get my dick back in my pants! i also could not re button them either .
Six months later i decided to go out for a run . The doctor's response was to have me not put unnecessary strain on it . Six months after i injured my knee, i stopped running, but continued smoking, drinking and eating poorly . The taste of coffee's green apple acidity will not be something i'll soon forget .
i was coming back from a date when i felt a huge urge to fart so i went to the bathroom to release the kracken . So i thought, 'hey, if you spread your ass apart, it won't be so loud' The roommate's boyfriend was going to be there with her . She quickly stammered, \"oh uh, sorry, uhm, bye\" and shut the door .
She's dating one of his friends and not me . She has been extremely cool about it, and even told me it doesn't matter . She is dating a friend and is extremely close friends with her . She's been cool about the situation, even told him it's not a problem .
my mother, after showing her r/aww, decided she was going to make a reddit account . Within 20 minutes of being active she finds r/spacedicks . After consoling her and telling her that not all of reddit was that bad she begins to ask questions like, \"what's your account name?\" and \"what are you subscribed to?\"
When i got up this morning, my friend was missing, her boyfriend was passed out in his clothes, my cellphone, keys, coat, ipod, and wallet are gone, i'm not wearing any underwear (but am wearing pants) i notice that my leg looks like one giant bruise and i have more bruises under my arms, on my side, and my back, and there's a sandwich .
Drunken roommate and roommate were playing a drinking game last night . The game was a game based around the show the league . After the game, i decided to unload a torrent of vicious, alcohol induced sludge that nearly filled the poor bag to the brim . The only damage was to the backpack that was in the front pouch managed to absorb the liquid shit and now retains a distinctive odor of ass slop .
http://://://.x.com/zx2rl9t.com: \"I'm not sure what's going to do\" http http://.org.uk for more information on the story of the origin of this article. http://www.xxx.org///yldldlden.com .
When i was 10, i was helping my mom cut up peppers to make summer salad . After hollowing out a green bell peper of all the white-ish stuff on the inside, i decided to put water in the hollowed out pepper and act like it's a coconut or some shit .
Looks pretty normal right? http://://://i.c.com/vpuywnr.org.org//nope! http://.orgorg.uk///jazn4wx.jpg.htmlhtmlhtml.html.com.uk.com .
This happened back when i was a teenager, but i just remembered it and it still makes me feel embarrassed . Yelling \"get in the god damn corner woman!\" with a loud angry voice . One of my friends came over and told me i'd just been yelling at sam's mum, who i'd never spoken with before .
A lot of applicants were chosen on their reddit experience, karma and application . Most of them were chosen based on karma and karma . The new moderators were selected on their experience and karma and their karma . P.s. do upvote this post so that everyone can see it!
She stripped down naked and stripped naked . She woke up in the middle of the night after the night . She was gone in the morning . The story has been called a rapist, and i'm getting a lot of people asking for it to be published in the U.S.
At some point i dropped two $50 notes which must have slipped out of my pocket . So i couldn't pay for my groceries and i have no idea how i'm going to eat for the next 5 days . i'm currently in that awkward period between starting a new job and getting paid .
23 year old female with excellent credit, have had my credit card since i was 19 and have always been wary of internet scams . i came across a pin that boasted burberry scarves at amazing prices . The website said they would send her a confirmation email, which typically goes through immediately when you make purchases .
i turned off the lights and couldn\u2019t see, and i heard a toilet flush and someone washing their hands . Thinking it was karola, i thought it was her friend, and she was in the stall, so i decided to slap her leg . i slowly backed up, still in a stall and hid until the girl left .
The biggest rule was, no blue wristband, no walky away from bar with drinkyy.com.comcompreciously lost a couple hundred or thousands of dollars . He probably won't get any of the tips that i had collected, possibly thousands .
My wife can't take birth control so we have to use condoms around her ovulation time . Last night i come home from work to find my wife in bed with no clothes, a come hither look and a condom sitting on my pillow . In the two minutes i fell asleep he had knocked the trash can over and gotten into the garbage .
i stopped at a gas station, pre paid inside and began pumping gas . While my gas was pumping i used the scrub thing to clean my windshield . Finished, got in my car, drove away...  with the gas hose still in the car, ripped the hose out . In a matter of 6 days, i managed the same dumbass move, twice .
i had recently purchased a new cock ring. This is something i thought she may enjoy . i experimented with it solo a few days before hand . My cock is getting pretty engorged at this point and my gf can't fit it in her mouth anymore . Eventually the ring comes off and i pay no attention to discomfort and lay down to cuddles .
i was doing work on car down in a heated garage under my work . Suddenly had the urge to shit and the door to my work was locked . Grab a micro fiber cloth out of my car (clean one not dirty) and ran to the nearest garbage can, barely making it to it and shit right inside of it .
A certain pawn shop ordered from us one day... a really famous pawn shop that really hates battletoads . The company didn't bother to check that the order was for the company that contracted us . A lot of people have turned this \"harmless\" prank into 911 calls, fake robberies and other ludicrous stuff .
The tifu about the kid who emailed a bomb threat to his university in order to get out of finals . The student emailed a threat to get rid of his university . The link has been deleted as i could not find it and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to this .
Teenager's phone fell from the firm grip that once was, catches a bit of jizz on the way down, bounces around the bowl and falls into a pool of toilet water and 10am cum . The screen goes blank, the gorgeous milf that was taking 10 inches just to pleasure me disappears into darkness .
i taught a woman how to use cleveromegle and we had an awesome conversation with her . But before i could get her name i exited the page... before i got her name out of a tifu... she was cool and i wanted to keep talking to her .
i just got my grades back today and found out that i got 3 b's and a b- to give me a 2.97 gpa . The worst part is that in one of my classes i got a 87.25% which is .25 points away from rounding up to an 88% which would give me the 3.0 gpa i need to get in to the business school .
A friend brought a box of condoms to school to hand out to freshman students . One of my friends - we'll call him \"k\" - handed out a couple of condoms . After the day, i forgot about the condom in my jeans pocket . i couldn't find p anywhere for the rest of the day .
i have braces and sometimes food gets stuck in them . When i took a drink of my coffee, i thought the thing i was feeling in my mouth was leftover food . i vomit immediately all over myself and still feel nauseous thinking about it . :( :( :( i feel nauseated thinking of it .
i work for a middle class, but professional car dealership and i'm both new and young . When i hang up my coat as i come in, i pass by the general manager's office . He says hello in passing, and my response? \"whatsuuuuup niggga!\"
i'm typing this now because i couldn't use my right arm on thursday . i'm a distance runner but we have to play football to get a grade . i sprint after this guy going for the touch down, i miss him, i slip right on my behind about five feet and hurt my left wrist, no big deal, just walked it off .
A few years ago, i've known a girl, m, that i've been friends for a few years . She invited her over to his place to watch some movies and drink some wine together . Everything we'd said about ourselves was being used to describe our ideal partners . A few months ago, she left about 5 hours later .
A baby turtle flipped over in the middle of the fairway . After dropping him 2-3 feet off of a small bridge into the water, small tears coming from my eyes, and wish the little guy the best of luck in his new life . After a couple of minutes, his shell turns upside down and sinks to the bottom .
i planted some grass seed last week and had to water it . The pocket hose has a lever on the end which opens the valve, which i had set to off . The next-door neighbor rounded the corner of his house and was met with an unobstructed view of my high beams .
The photo was taken by a photographer on the top deck of a new double-decker bus . She stood up on the seats, straddling the aisle, and straddled the aisle . She's ok! She's got a pretty shiny bruise on her chin, but it's a funny story .
The baby got so cranky threw the tablet and it hit me directly on my eye and than smacked me on the same spot . The doctor told him not to read or watch so it seems i am on radio the whole day it seems . Went to the doctor told not to watch or watch .
My girlfriend and i went to a party tonight, but took separate cars . They were at a stop light next to each other and decided to have a drag race . The cops had us both step out of their cars and he just gave us a short lecture about safer driving at night .
android doesn't recognize \"sec\" as an adequate phrase, but in its mind, a proper replacement would be the word \"sex\" so after turning down this guy, i responded \"one sex\" and then, he responded saying he would love that . i ended up panicking and blocking his number .
neighbors are out of town, kid said i could have a party at his house when their gone . Blacklighted everything and a hole ended up in the wall . Hole is fixed but can barely tell where it is . i now learned to not throw a party anywhere .
One of my teammates had drank all my water so i was thirsty and took a water bottle from an unguarded carton . At practice the next day our head coach calls me over and asks if i have anything to say . He found out from the other school, they called him reporting a theft of water bottles .
i was with my girlfriend and family today . After some beers, i bet me 20 dollars i couldn't eat 10 in one sitting . 4 hours later, i all of sudden had to shit horribly . A stream of liquid lava started seeping into the toilet as i bit my lip to keep from making any noise .
i went to a restaurant with three people when i got to the bathroom . The next door was the next door, and i raced into a bathroom . Eventually, i was able to get back to the floor and find the bathroom where i had to sit . Luckily, i took it off and threw them in the trash .
The next day i woke up to take my morning piss and my dick was swollen . The swelling slowly went down as the day went on . The rest of the day was boring so the only thing left for me to do was fap again, and again . i learned a valuable lesson that day .
i was at my local cricket nets and my brother bowled the ball on the roof of the net . It bounced back and hit me in the face and smashed my glasses cutting me and giving me a black eye . When i threw the bat at the roof it bounced back .
i suspect the following happened in january this year . A blond girl studying dermatology needs models with acne for her assignment . She is given a list of mailing lists ( one per faculty) and is told to put them in the bcc off the mail . One classmate mailed 22mb worth of /r/birdswitharms embedded (thus creating extra server load)
i wanted to give my boyfriend an amazing blowjob while he played Pokemon on his gameboy . i was a little too drunk and deep throated him and puked all over his perfect penis . But then i threw a hissy fit over nothing and got grumpy and left in a storm .
The $10k treatment plan has to go in effect before some of my teeth start falling out . \"Word to the wise kids- always take care of your teeth,\" says one of the kids who are always taking care of their teeth . The dentist has a $10,000 treatment plan that has to be done before some teeth start to fall out .
This past sunday a coworker and friend of a friend of mine got married . A group of friends were looking to get into trouble at a strip club . The last thing i remember is i'm in a private room with this very hot, young, stripper. She looks like the kind of girl i would like to date. This was actually sunday but who's counting?
A followup to [me being baked off my ass at work] was a crazy weekend - between birthday celebrations and all this shit shit happening in boston . Since then i barricaded myself in my office and proceeded to reddit & watch the fish & giggle for 45 minutes, then locked the doors and wandered home .
my daughters birthday is coming up so we decided to make a pinata out of cardboard . Hot glue dribbled down the side so i put it up to my lip...now i have a piece of my lip burnt off and my finger is starting to bubble . Please forgive me if this sounds like crap, this literally just happened and i can't type well .
i'm trolling cl because i haven't had sex in over a year and a half and it's just sort of gives me this weird glimmer of hope, like hey! there are people around you that want to have sex! and yes, i know cl is a big, gross, disgusting trainwreck .
When i was 10, i drew a picture of a naked woman, my mom found it under my pillow . She threw it up and threw it in multiple garbage cans . The next morning i had soccer/football, and i had to clean up the drawing and throw it up .
i had only met this girl a few times and thought she was totally hot . Asked her out for some drinks and dancing at a gay club for dancing . After a friend of hers joins us at the club and dancing starts dancing with two amazingly hot women . Two days later i text her to see if she wants to hang out .
i spent the night at a friend's place last night following the Pokemon x/y midnight release . Being the helpful geek that i am (or would like to think i am), i decided that before he woke up i'd try and fix a longstanding display issue with his computer for him .
\"How now brown cow\" rhyme stuck in my head all day . The rhyme was just *there*! It slipped out of my mouth before i could hold it back . i tried to explain, and she acted like she totally understood and said it was no big deal .
The dark room would be a perfect set up for a horror movie . The teacher took a third of the kids into the next room, which was too small to hold all of us . In her absence, i decided to break the silence and tell the class what i'd been thinking about in excruciating detail .
The itch on your balls/dick and you gotta scratch it, but a normal fingernail scratch doesn't cut it . \"Hey, this would probably feel great!\" got that itch alright alright,\" says one of these things . \"It's gotten so bad that sexy times are a no-no for the time being :( :( :(
The dog had walked into the room and laid down beside him . As i turned to clean up, there he is, fast asleep still with cum on him . After washing him off and towel dried the poor fella, followed by a series of treats to say \"i'm so sorry\"
i use my iphone as sort of a makeshift alarm clock, so it play a song through my blue-tooth stereo in my room . The song i have it set to play is [fire hive by knife party] because it is **impossible** to sleep through . As soon as i walk into school, my buddy tells me we are having an assembly and i should go to the auditorium .
i've got a test coming up and wanted somebody to study with . Asked about time and place and asked what her middle initial was . She stopped replying, and i didn't realize until now that there's a pick up line that goes 'you must work at kfc because those are great breasts and thighs'
Three hours and 5 rips later i decided to get one of the best pizzas ever from the shop just behind my house . Sadly, the pizza place serves no fries (what kinda pizza places doesn't sell fries ffs?) sadly, the pizzas serve no fries so i went to the burger shop right next to it .
i bake fairly often, and i decided to make brownies today . 30 minutes later, i pulled the brownies out of the oven and saw it bubbling . confused, i thought about what might've caused it before i realized i never added flour . Now i have chocolate goop.
This happened last night, but i figure it's been less than 24 hours, so it's still today . i was already a little off, but the weed took me to a whole new place . After i found out he was half indian, i apologized profusely .
This was a couple years ago, but i love this sub . The only thing i could say was \"i farted\" as i started dying inside, i tried to laugh it off, she laughed nervously then made excuses to return downstairs . Don't fart when a maxim girl touches you .
i'm on a road trip to another state with my husband . About 10 minutes into the drive i feel unusually tired and lethargic . At our previous stopping point to a restaurant, i had popped my lithium pill for my mood disorder . After a quick google search, i am a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium .
Ifunny was back on the app store and downloaded it and thought it was too much work . Everyone on ifunny is such a perverted dickhead who's obsessed with nothing but anime, porn, bacon, nutella, kate upton, boobs, etc. that's all they talk about on there .
A few seconds later, i hear my dad shout \"you did what in your pants!\" \"Every time i remember this happening i giggle,\" he giggle . Every time i remembers this happening, every time i recalls this happening in the past . \"You will likely enjoy this story,\" says the author .
i'm in good physical health with no disorders and only one known allergy, to cannabis ironically . i stupidly figured the triple heating of proper cannabis cooking would kill the mold and didn't do my research . All day i've had gas that smells exactly like a stagnant pond .
After a lot of drinks and several hours later, i am obliterated . The next morning my friend drove me back to the lot to get my car; but it wasn't there . The tow company that was advertised below the tormenting sign and learned they had my car .
It was a lazy saturday smoked some weed, decided i wanted chipotle . Two hours later, i am entered in a beer olympics . There is one death cup, which is full to the brim . guess who has to drink it? of course me. The puke was all beer .
When i got home friday night, i decided to have a little fun with my toy, lube, and some lingerie . When i woke up late saturday, i completely forgot about my stuff from the night before, so i left it all sitting on the floor . i'm embarrased and i can't look my grandma in her eyes..
Femail: \"Femail\" is one of the world's best friends . Femail is the latest in a series of letters and letters from all over the world . It's not the first time I've heard from a person in the U.S. Femail.com .
i live in a very traditional mexican family, so i'm not allowed any boyfriends and am only supposed to focus on studies . This morning i wake up to find my dad sitting at the table and he shows me my phone with my wall paper of my so and i kissing . The only reason i got out of it is because my mom told my dad to let me go to the store with her .
i bought tickets for myself and the girlfriend to a play on broadway in early january . The theater's website said that you could buy a new set of tickets for some other date, email them with the order details and the previous ticket details, and they'll issue a refund . At intermission, i panicked and called the super who lives in the building and left him a voicemail .
i dropped a bottle of hot pink nail polish on the kitchen floor . My mother does (used to do) faux finishes and had done some plaster work and free hand painting to make the kitchen look like an old tuscan restaurant . i tried a bunch of different things to get off the polish, to no avail .
So, on instagram you like photos by double tapping them . The photo was of a guy, (me being closeted gay), half a year old, at the bottom of his page, and me never liking any other thing he's ever had (for fear of suspicion of suspicion)
Friends invited their friends and a few things got broken, but there is a lot of cleaning up to do . There was grinding. there was grinding there. There were sex everywhere. folks had sex everywhere . There were no major things getting broken, nothing major but there's a lot to do.
i honestly do not know why people haven't pointed this out...or how i've managed to get into fully 3 different (very decent) colleges, and conducted some real life business via email, with my name on all of my official use accounts as \"idonthaveaname, fuckyourself\"
Afterward, she avoided all contact with him and refused to even look at him . \"pretty sure i don't know what the fuck is going to be going on, but pretty sure i messed up,\" he writes . \"afterward, i'm sure i screwed up,\" she refused to look at me .
i had to dig myself out and was stuck for about, 5 minutes . You are never \"too cool\" to wear the second strap on your snowshoes . i may have lost track of time, being in the snow and all, but it was not fun .
The 16-year-old is 16-years-old from a city over from his home . She was good friends with a girl, she wasn't \"super hot\" but i found her attractive, not just looks but her character, our common interests, and we would just laugh and goof around, draw on each other papers and talk . When asked for her number, i was going to get her number .
i ended up tearing a muscle in my neck . Doctor said to rest for a few weeks without bending the neck too much . Never again.never again. Never again.\"never again\"never again,\" says i.com about breaking neck muscle in the neck.com.com .
A typical friday on january term, it's 1pm, and i'm done with classes for the day . My roommate usually doesn't come into the room until 5 pm or 12am, because ya know, social shit shit . Just as i'm starting to really get into it, i hear some activity around my hallway, but now it's moving around my room .
A girl who works at his local grocery store that i have found myself enamored with . The most i've been able to do beside normal checkout pleasantries was make eye contact and exchange smiles . The other night, when all of the sudden, something must have clicked and several ladies actually messaged him .
The bhoot jolokia chilli clocks in at more than a million scovilles . The chilli is so hot that you need to touch it to your tongue for an hour of epic flailing . The only thing that scales down the burning (sort of) is milk . After 10 mins of what seems like eternity i almost pass out and curl up on the floor .
Comedian's new stand-up routine was by far one of the funniest stand up routines i'd seen in years . Laughing hysterically, i could feel my stomach making strange noises but still couldn't stop laughing . Now it's all over the floor and parts of the sofa .
A few months ago, i decided to read the 50 shades of grey trilogy just for the hell of it . My boyfriend mentioned something about 'borrowing the book for pointers' and an idea struck me . i went back and annotated the whole book, with notes and ideas . Yesterday my grandmother decided she wanted to borrow my copy, and i gave it to her .
i was just trolling around facebook when i remembered that i had to tell this girl that me and my friend found her lost ruler . We chatted for a while...then all hell went loose . Atleast it could be worse... at least it could have been worse...
i had just moved in with my flatmate and we had people over for a mini flat warming party . When i noticed a guy from work, we'll call him paul, was creeping on my new flatmate, whispering sweet nothings in her ear . Texted my friend saying 'look at paul creeping on yana'
The 1996 toyota camry requires an oil fill every month or so . When i started merging back into traffic, my car let out so much smoke that must have caused quite a scene, like a smoke grenade has gone off from my car . The l and f marks are on the oil gauging stick for a reason .
Last week i was helping a neighbor by boosting a car that hadn't run in a while, and had to back into their driveway to do it . Well, i floored the brake pedal and nothing happened, and ended up backing into his mobile home at 3 mph... no damage to either the car nor the home . After changing the pads and bled the brakes, the difference is dramatic .
i thought it was my younger brother and thought i would give him some holiday cheer by hiding then jumping out and scaring him . When i scared him, instead of getting scared he reacted by unintentionally punching me dead center in the face . The only thing i heard was \"fuck\" before everything blacked out .
Some of the shaving cream ended up in my urethra, which burned like all hell . In the end, i received about 10 separate nicks on my scrotum, penis, and surrounding regions . Now, finished with the sting of the cream, i am left with an unbearable rash caused by the rough stubble and cuts in the area .
i recently applied for a new job that for me is a dream job of sorts . After a long process of multiple phone and in-person interviews i received a phone call that i will be offered the job and to check my mail for the offer letter . A few days later i receive the letter with a sincere apology note written by the hr employee responsible .
One of my coworkers was talking to me about her diet, and what she ate . After 2 minutes into the conversation, coworker #2 walked up and said \"are you fucking kidding me? how can you be that inconsiderate?\" \"Yeah, so my mother in law died around christmas,\" i said .
This was years ago when i was in high school . During a useless computer class, i looked up the instructions and memorized them . At the end of that school year, most nice teachers got a paper crane from me (and also a little piece of coal during christmastime =p)
on top of my sisters brand new macbook air air.com . The air air air is on the way to the top of her sisters' new book, air, air . On top of the air, she says she's got to sit on her sister's brand new Macbook air .
i'm on holiday break, and currently unable to see my girlfriend . After finally satisfying myself, i somehow get it on my hand and the floor, no biggy, easy clean up . As i'm washing my hands i look around a little, and see three large stains on the shower curtains, fuck .
This is the first time a young man has written about his life in the past few years . This is because he is afraid to experience anything risky or wrong, he says . He wants to show sincerity, maturity, and thankfulness to all of those around him. There is a roadblock some place that i need to move past .
The vice president of the company comes into the bathroom and stands at the urinal next to me . Before he even got there, i was attempting to power off the screen(out of habit) and put my phone back into his pocket...  before he even arrived, i tried to snatch my phone out of the air only to have it .
My cousin from hong kong attending university near my house decided to stay the night instead of going home to his empty dorm room . In the morning i had a gigantic christmas morning shit that didn't go down . Luckily luckily it didn't overflow . Now my family thinks my sister has gross bowel movements .
i have a pinched nerve or something in the arch of my foot from running (with proper running shoes and everything!!!!) i decided to dye my hair (black) since my (blonde) roots were growing out and my neighbor commented on them . My shirt was covered in hair dye. Guess which? My areolas painted with big black smudges .
i put two cookies in the microwave, and set it on a minute, and then put it on at about 10 or 20 so they would be soft . i wanted some soft, warm cookies, so i put them on the microwave . The cookies were left out of the kitchen, and i had a headache .
i am 26(f) and my boss is a scary guy, he is paid to be scary . He is trained in interrogation and was a cop for 25+ years before he got into this business . The reality of filing, briefing, and doing nothing with my degree has started to take it's toll on my mentality . Some days it just feels like i am absolutely wasting away in a dead end job where i am learning nothing and becoming more complacent by the hour .
After 5 minutes i realised i forgot the 150$ in the atm machine . Returned back to find them gone (obviously) after 5 minutes . 'i am so depressed i feel  like a huge loser,' i am so sad i feel like a 'huge loser'
The first day of finals for me, i decided to wear them so i could go in feeling good . The shoes have no grip, and theres a few inches of snow on the ground . i had no problems getting to my final, no slippage. i had to sit in the very back of he room of about 100 people .
My flatmate (22) had never used a microwave before coming to uni . He then tried to make toast in it by moistening the bread and whacking on full power for 20 minutes . He has since made toast on the hob (no pans) He enjoys eating bulbs of raw garlic and watching tacky sci-fi from his birds nest .
My grandparents came from finland to visit us . This results in my grandmother feeling sick, so i take her upstairs so she can have a lay down in my mums bed . Not two seconds before i get down the stairs she says \"never mind i think i'm going to puke now. so she runs into my bathroom .
The school started at 10.55, so i got to sleep until 9.15. It felt annoying, as something runs down your nose . Then, it started to drip from my nose . Paper is nowhere to be seen and it drips all the time . After washing everything off, i texted my cousin about the situation .
i thought one of my finals was tomorrow on thursday. it was on tuesday. It was on Tuesday. It's on t Tuesday. i thought i thought it was tomorrow, but i thought that it was a final day for the first time . It was actually on tTuesday, it's on Tuesday .
i snorted 10mgs right before leaving for school . The night before, i had swallowed 10mg as snorted 5mg the night before . After 1st period, i apparently walked up to my teacher, mumbled some ambien-fueled nonsense, and when she didn't understand, i just stumbled back to my seat .
\"have a nice laugh tifu. i thoroughly enjoy my penis, but it came out as i thoroughly enjoys penis,\" says the best friend . The two best friends and best friend laughed their asses off and can store that in the memory bank . The best friend called their other best friend and i am going to tell my girlfriend tomorrow .
i'm 26, male, and have been peeing in sinks for at least 10 years, even if there is a perfectly fine toilet sitting next to it . When i'm done i really don't clean the sink up excessively well- i'll generally run hot water and splash it all over to get all the pee down the drain . My sister walked behind me into the kitchen while i had my pecker out and streaming into the sink . She dropped off a mug at the side of the sink next to me and walked away, wordless .
Gage was on reddit after a quiz on posted a thing on ask reddit that said hi i'm noah(noah) and i have been gay for 3 years now and i want to have sex with my chemistry teacher. then he showed it to noah and noah started laughing so the teach looked over expecting to find gage to be playing a game .
Today i missed my final orgo exam because i was so sure it was friday, the 13th turned out it was today (11th) Worst is f2f begging isn't that easy since i live miles away as a commuter . No porno was made from this debacle .
i had been having diarreah for the better part of the morning . When i got out of the shower i like to dry my dirty bits by standing in front of a fan . While doing this i had the urge to fart...i violently shit into the fan... it was awful, the poop got sprayed into a good 6 foot radius all over my bedroom .
This happened like three weeks ago so bear with me . The only irony of this whole thing is they did actually find drugs in the car . The sheriff who's friends with both of my parents is friends with my parents . It's the only irony that they actually found drugs .
i was the lcbo buying some bourbon and some beer . When my turn in line came this sweetheart stalled a minute, asking her supervisor where one of the other cashier girls were . As i'm putting my debit card info through she just starts chatting away about how she messed up her knee, just that she was drunk at the time and woke up in pain .
At the register, i asked for my last $20 in cash back, so i wrapped the twenty in my receipt and put it back into my pocket . After a few minutes later, my roommate finishes his shopping and we're walking to my car, and i put it in the trashcan next to the cart return as i walked by .
decided to go to the bar tonight and gave her a molly (i had taken one as well) Well i get pretty wasted and i was faded from the molly and started chatting up my mom . turns out, i decide to leave the bar with my mom. we go back to my (our) place and have sex .
A stolen dollar taco just changed my life forever . \"This is the way the world ends...not with a bang, but a whimper,\" says eliot eliot . Eliot: \"this is the how the world dies...not . with a . bang, and a . whimper. \"
A group students were just sitting down at the next table, one of them was a little person . When my friend heard \"over there\" it didn't occur to her that it could possibly mean \"directly fucking behind you\" cause she loudly and enthusiastically exclaimed, \"ooh! a midget! where?!\"
A boy ran up to me, holding a chair like a shield, drove his chair upward, into my unsuspecting crotch . The boy then ran up and drove into the hallway, where i plopped down on a bench . Later that day, the boy asked my mom what \"f***\" and \"asshole\"
i asked for cash back so i could have some extra money in my wallet, but i was in such a hurry to get out that i left the $20 there . The employees couldn't do anything for me, so i got back in my car and screamed at the top of my car . i guess that's what i deserve for being a cheap bastard .
Two people are living in a place meant for one person, and that we have pretty much all we own in this apartment with one closet . The management company that owns my apartment came around that morning to change the batteries in the smoke detectors in all the apartments . The company owns half the property in town, most of the student housing, and is pretty spectacularly unreasonable . We have four days to get this place in a \"rentable\" condition .
Someone found the keys, got in my car, and wrecked it into a tree . They stole my tomtom gps, ipod touch, an old windows mobile phone, my gym bag, $6, a couple textbooks, and a sweatshirt that my dad had brought back for me from chicago .
The shit is not something i tend to talk with my friends and i do not feel very proud of it . When i flush the toilet the water pressure is quite low for some reason and doesn't take all the load . Most of the shit leaves, but there's this one motherfucker who, somehow, got stuck *vertically* in the toilet .
15-year-old gets some weed from his dealer . My mom is very strict but my dad on the other hand is the chillest . The weed was still sitting on my desk so i quickly grabbed it and threw it into a \"land before time\" cassette case . My dad didn't care, all he did was just say don't do it again .
My girlfriend's cousin had just moved to the city and needed a place to live . He was trying to get away from his abusive parents and out of a bad life to get a fresh start . The front door to our apartment was unlock and open slightly which as odd . There were a bunch of shoes that we didn't recognize . They had stolen between $5000,000 to $10000.00 worth of stuff .
\"Michellexkarma\" says Michellex \"michellex'karma, his fiance' play some final fantasy, but we wanted some sexy times\" The fiance' and i had a horrid toothache and i needed to use my orajel before he decided it was \"go time\"
Drunk roommates are drinking on their own in the arvo, beer and whiskey and i decide to drive to maccas for food . On the way i rear ended a taxi and get taken in by cops . Thankfully no serious injuries but i can't remember the event clearly .
The shower i'm in is a bath tub and a shower so it has the little pop up drain stopper . Unfortunately, the pee hitting the stopper caused it to go down . When i felt a the need to pee pay, i started to pee and let it all free, but the pee did not go away .
i don't like getting my hair cut. i hate the awkward conversations you have to hold with them starting into your own reflection . The sheer terror in her eyes before i realised what happened was horrifying. i am totally bald and shiny now. i also have to go to work... as my role of an executive.
Chemical room as well as 5 adjacent rooms to be filled with chlorine . The air in the back room is basically toxic, and that is after 2 hours of trying to circulate the air out . Someone left the chlorine water in the wrong cabinet and caused the chemical room to be covered in chlorine .
i was taking a shower after getting home from work and i heard my fiancee walking into the bathroom . She got in between the shower curtain and the liner and we were talking when i decided to splash water at her face . The shower head came flying off, propelled by gravity, and water pressure... right at his fiancee's face .
apperantly the final i thought was happening tomorrow was on tuesday.  and it was for one of the classes i was actually doing well in this semester.   and i need to pass it for my major. Apperantly i thought it was happening on t Tuesday .
i'm a silly teenager, and although i have no reason to shave my pubic hair, i decided i would do it just to see what it's like . During my physical, my doctor will look at my dick and every thing else . Does anybody know how to make hair grow back faster, so it at least looks like i just have short hair?
i was asked to take a sign down from the wall and use paint thiner to remove glue . i put it all over my face and inhaled a lot of paint splatteres on my face . The mess took me over an hour to clean up the mess .
i work as a night auditor at a hotel and around 3am . Around 3am i selected a movie called black water which i had watched before and decided to read a little in the book entwined in you by sylvia day . After a few minutes of reading this scene i was hot, sweaty, panting, and horny as hell . Luckily our security guard was out making his rounds so i hightailed it to the bathroom .
Application for transfer to my top choice of college didn't tell me that when it said i had completed everything, it lied to me . It completely ruined my chances to get into the college due to the deadline, and i'm out almost $100 just for this college. #2 choice here i guess.
When i was in high school i used to do a lot of theater, i got a lead role in one show . On our way back i noticed a wall, maybe about 2 meters high, and i climbed up the wall and began to walk across the top . The next step i took failed to take hold of anything solid, next thing i knew i was falling .
i wake up randomly at 7 am and feel moisture in my pants but only around the penis area . Since the sleepover was unplanned i was still wearing my jeans which i couldn't sleep in so i ask my aunt for some pajamas and wear them . i just washed the pants and wore the ones from the night before and acted like nothing happened .
i read an artificial about how cats like their food warm as though it were freshly killed so i thought \"hmm, i'll microwave my kitty's wet cat food and she'll enjoy it 10 times more!\" Worst idea i've ever had. It was the worst smell ever. i'll never be doing that again.
i frickken knocked the damn thing all over my desk with my elbow! i went to the bathroom to get a bucket of water and a towel to clean the mess up . i have one of those pull up cutrains which go up and down so i made it go up so i would have a bit of light in the room and than it crashed on my head!
A few bites in i found a weirdly textured piece but figured it was just a tendon . After dipping the patty pieces in ranch, i wasn't tasting much other than ranch . After a third into my tequila sunrise, it starts to sound like dinosaurs have resurrected in my lower intestines .
i gave two residents cups (coffee cups) of nacho cheese sauce (hot) instead of cream of potato soup . i didn't realize what happened until after they had left the cafe, and i was dipping up a bowl of soup for someone else . i\u00a0didn't realize\u00a0what\u00a0occurred\u00a0until after they left, i was .
that trust is misplaced . that trust was misplaced . Trust was misplaced in the trust of the public . that was misplaced. that trust has been misplaced . That trust was not misplaced. That trust is being misplaced.\u2019s worth of trust, according to a report by the U.S.
i'm working on transferring apps/data from my uncle's (nigerian, came into town for a party) galaxy tab 10.1.1, to his new galaxy tab 2 10.2.1 . \"Never again will i eat that weird looking chicken sandwich (if it could even be called that) from wendy's\"
i was doing a really kickass job for a first-timer... until i backed up without looking, and took a sharp counter edge in my butt/vag area . i tried to play it off really cool through the pain, but there's just no looking cool in that situation .
i felt it crunch through the steering wheel . It was way too close for me to try to swerve; i would have ran the risk of going into the ditch . i pulled over, collected myself, then turned around and we took a look at it . My friend got out and she said its leg was still moving but it was bleeding out .
i was camping with a group of kids and adults from my church's scout group . The branch we picked had a diameter of about 12 inches so we figured it could hold our weight . When we attempted our final stunt, the branch snapped off and i plummeted to the ground .
i just moved into a motel room with my boyfriend, because my boyfriends dad owns it and is giving us an awesome deal . Well, i had put my toys in the sink and forgot about them . Well...my boyfriend's dad who also happens to be my boss where i work comes in to put some finishing touches on the room . needless to say, i am mortified and can't look him in the eyes...
My mom is sick, has come home early, has to use the toilet urgently, and is banging on the locked front door . Mom's home, she's home early and has to go to the toilet, and bang on the door . i ran downstairs with all the evidence tucked under my arm .
This was the second or third time i stayed at my girlfriends house . When i decided to lie on my back with legs pulled right up to the shoulders and let rip a humongous fart.. it'd be funny right? Wrong.. i properly followed through.. a proper wet gurgler too!!!!
The sun shone through the bedroom window a little bit too early this morning . After a few levels of candy crush and a temple run failure, i got up, trudged to the bathroom, and looked in the mirror. What looked back was a sad example for a human being in desperate need of a shower, and a new lease on life .
i reached across the stove to reach a pack of soy sauce i put across the way . According to gabriel iglesias, i'm somewhere between husky and fluffy . The protective covering for the abs did its job...at the cost of me now holding an ice pack up to my gut .
i was sitting at my desk earlier this afternoon, redditing away, with a nice, tall glass of grapefruit juice on the little pullout-table thing that my desk has . As i absentmindedly reached for my glass of juice without looking at it, i instead knocked it over with my wrist, and it spilled all over my netbook . Luckily, luckily, it works fine again, no harm done .
i was on my third bushel of hair when, mid-clip, i snagged a chunk of upper-dick skin and avulsed a half-inch flap . i immediately informed my roommate and he got some antiseptic and bandages for me . i don't think i'll ever not use trimmers again .
A bunch of friends and i were all acting like idiots, telling jokes to kids in the hallway of our highschool...just general dickin' around . When i see my friend, and i call out, \"yo momma so fat, she's on both sides of the family!\" He kinda half smiled and just kept walking, but i realized right away what i had done .
i ate like four or five brownies, not knowing they were pot brownies . A few hours later i start coming to and realize that i was drugged and that my chest was sore . \"he drugged me and talked me into getting a crudely drawn rabbit tattoo,\" she says .
The banner was created with midget porn, comic sans, and rainbow colors . He was asked to present his work with his 42-year-old graphic design teacher and the rest of the class . The banner in question: http://://i.j.com/kkpq0ix.png [nswf-ish]
For the past six months i have had three nice shirts that i can wear out of the house . While i was scrubbing i put my sleeve in a puddle of cleaner that i had sprayed on the counter, thus ruining my only good shirt . Now i get to walk around in public looking like a homeless person in rags .
i was giving a presentation in my mental health nursing class on suicide prevention . This was a group presentation, and we each took a section of the powerpoint to talk about simple enough . By standing where i was, i was blocking classmates a and b between me, the teacher's desk/computer station in the corner . The gas line is flowing, silently, behind me as i wrap up my section .
my 2-year-old son is sick . When he sneezed he caused the warm, liquid butt sludge to come flying straight at my face . It barely missed my mouth and hit my chin, and all over  my chest, and  all over my chest .
The foreman smacks himself right in the nuts as hard as he can with an open palm . He goes down on his knees again and stays there groaning . After a couple days later, he tells me a bee stung him on the head of his penis . Later that day he went without underwear as well .
This weekend i went out to a friend's house to drink about 5 beers, 3 shots of tequila, and a screwdriver . According to his roomates who are also good frineds of mine, i woke up and pissed in his desk . They told me that they were awoken to the sound of running water . Luckily he forgave me, but i still feel like a major dickbag .
i got the database downloads mixed up and ended up nuking 4 days worth of work . First time i have ever had a boss call me incompetent. We were launching a new admissions site at our school. We're launching an admissions site. i got a database download mixed up .
A 340-gram bag (depending on the mix) contains over 2000 calories . A few days later i thought to myself, \"just a couple of handfuls\" before i knew it, 3/4s of the bag was gone . i've gained twelve pounds in the last few months, and this shit certainly isn't doing any favors .
The house i'm living in has an attached shower head . Instead of turning the shower off, i turn it to the hottest setting there is. The shower head, i forgot to ask if you wanted to join her manicure session, but instead she walked in on her .
A college student went to a halloween party that his college was throwing . One of the girls with us, suzy, was obviously into me, making out and dancing . She left for a bit at one point, and we got outta there . She was getting more and more drunk when she left .
i put my two weeks in at my crappy fast food job . Turns out that my computer technician position was put on hold now i am panicking as far as what to do . i have been applying to some places and hoping. i've been applying for some places .
The prime minister of Canada is performing musically for the national conservative party convention tonight . He was rehearsing earlier in the day at his place of work . His head of security had heard me, and i could possibly be out a job . i can only hope he doesn't get me in trouble, but could possibly get him in trouble .
Every year in october, my school has an annual blood drive . This was my first time giving blood, and i didn't really know what to expect . After they took the needle out, they bandaged me up and sent me to the snack table . When suddenly everything rushed up to my head and i fainted .
The dream was at a walmart on black fridays . While checking out a large crowd of 200 people line up behind me . While i am checking out, i suddenly feel the overpowering urge to let 'er rip and let out the loudest, longest fart . After checking out and left the store, hundreds of people all staring at me with mouth agape .
i was cleaning my room up and i had a pumpkin spice candle burning . When i got back home i noticed there was light coming from my room, but i realized i had left my candle burning, and it was now all melted . The worst part was i had to sleep inhaling the candle smell all night .
i thought it might be fun and silly if i showed her how to play legend of zelda: skyward sword . After an entire first dungeon and her giving obvious hints that she didn't want to watch me play . She decided she needed to go to the bathroom right as i was swinging the remote and it ended up slamming into her right eyesocket in a glorious yet, terrible way . She ended up forgiving me but im sure still has a grudge .
i noticed my girlfriend left a bottle of what looks like face wash for me . She then bursts into tears of laughter . She throws the bottle at my face, \"summer's eve, fool! it's not face wash,\" \"it's *pussy* wash!\" she gasps for air .
i'm talking this thing had been dropped numerous times, charger fell apart along with the battery being a dud and the screen going out . After getting those fixed i told a \"friend\" of mine that i needed a new laptop that i could actually carry around with me instead of constantly having to sit in one place and fuck around with the charging cord .
i showed my 7 year old son my old music collection . He started with some 90s techno and he liked it . He then asked him: \"did you know that music can even scare you?\" he sat in his seat and was getting smaller and smaller until he cried .
i got an awesome new 150 gallon tank and decided i wanted to show it off to one of my facebook acquaintances, james. We occasionally chat about snakes and turtles, so i figured he'd be interested in my new aquarium . When i noticed that my naked reflection in the aquarium glass was clearly visible .
A few months into his senior year, we had a debate tournament in a nearby city . At the time, i had brought my computer with me to the tournament because i would usually read my speeches off of my computer . The monk and i stayed friends with him, but he never quite trusted me with a computer in his presence .
Subcontractor asked him to join a crew in charleston south carolina at a shipyard . The rest of the crew seemed to be working somewhere else at a large navy yard where they didn't seem to work very hard . When i introduced myself to the supervisor of the hull division and said who i was with he had what i thought of as the time a smirky grin . Suddenly he busts out laughing at me .
As part of my job at a restaurant, i have to clean the large glass doors at the entrance of the restaurant . The doors get really nasty from all of the hands that push on the glass to open it, so they have to be sprayed down from time to time . After reaching back at this \"door,\" i realize that my hand has been pressing against some guy's junk for the past couple seconds .
i was walking back to my dorm and was overwhelmed with the need to untie my flatulence . Three of the sexiest track runners entered shortly after the release of flatus . One girl pulled her shirt up to cover her nose, reached over and pushed the button for the fourth floor .
i mustard all my might and obliterated my boxers with shat . i froze, i'm 3 inches from the door way to my class . The smell was a mix of ass and a strong frebreeze hybrid glade . i stuffed it in the washer for 50 mins. before shitting in it .
The night before the wedding me and my bestman went to our local pub to have a couple of pints . When we got to bed it was like 3 am and we had to get up at 8. so not too much sleep for the night . Despite my lack of sleep the next day was perfect .
A few days go by and i pop a few more loads in there without thinking anything of it . Shortly after she began to experience vivid hallucinations, became horridly ill, and tripped balls . The family dr. convinced her that there may have been ghb inside, and it was wise to test me for drugs .
Never say anything negative about israel on facebook if you have lots of jewish friends, it'll end up being a clusterfuck of shit at the end . Never say negative about Israel on facebook . never say anything . on israel's Facebook page if you're not in the middle of this article .
i guess i got my lighter too close to the excess germ-x, which caused it to catch on fire . i panicked, dropped the cigarette, and started to flail around trying to put the fire out . The fire quickly covered my whole hand, and scared the fuck out of me .
i thought the group of birds would disperse, but instead, i steamrolled a bird with my tire in front of a young girl and her brother . They couldn't have been more than 6 or 7 years old . The incident happened at about 11:45 so all the church families in my town are heading out to brunch .
A few years ago, my school ran a foreign exchange program, some students from a fairly wealthy suburb of barcelona came to stay with families where i live for a week . A few days into the week, me and a friend were having an argument . This confrontation ends with the friend punching me . He had to stay for the rest of the week in my house, (he looked upon me with the utmost terror.)
i just finished up the last of the applesauce but i wanted to get the rest of it out . What i didn't know is that it created some sort of vacuum suction power and that as soon as i twisted the cap off, it \"popped\" like a roll of pillsbury biscuits and it got into my eyes .
i don't even feel comfortable saying what i did with a throw away . It was so far across so many lines that there's no getting back to how things were . i'm sorry. i feel sick to my stomach right now. i'm so sorry. It's so bad as is possible.
After the blowjob fest in the back of my car, the only way to clean up was to use these napkins i found in my car . The next day, she finds the bag of pork rinds and starts digging through it picking up the napkins . She got some \"snot\" on her hand and wiped it on her dress .
i could have gotten a thousand dollar fine, 80 hrs of community service, and two days in jail, but he let me off with a warning . i didn't stop shaking for a solid 45 minutes . The cop took pity on me because i was a student, and possibly it had something to do with the fact that i \"accidentally\" handed him my eagle scout card along with my drivers license .
This is the highest score i've ever seen on this mid-term in 8 semesters of teaching this class . This semester i allow students to \"make-up\" points they miss on exams by writing a 5 page research paper on the essay question of the test . If you wish to only complete a five page paper you will recieve half credit back like everyone else .
So when i woke up this morning i felt the need to pinch one out . At work i had a long meeting and got distracted for the rest of the day by my job . Finally i can feel this cramping pain in my gut as i pass the bathroom for the third time . Spent a half hour on the john filling the bowl .
Before he met his girlfriend, i promised her he'd quit all of it . After finding out that she was against substance abuse, he promised her to quit all it . By 7 o'clock we were both completely blazed . After a lot of talking, we're back together, she has also realized that it's not right to keep me away from 1 or 2 bong hits .
There was a condom in the trash can. it was obviously used . i had to pull it out of my dogs mouth and throw it away in the near-by dumpster . i can't express my disgust right now. i touched his sperm. my brothers sperm.
i was about 10 minutes in when i tripped over a curb . My lip is tore up in several different places and i have a nice liquid bandaid holding some of it together for the next ten days plus random drooling . My thigh has a bruise and scrape marks that extend about a foot long in length and a few inches wide, with a nasty fat skinning of my knee .
i was reading an [online comic] a friend of mine sent me the other day . This comic has some funny parts and some other parts that are porn . i decided to browse reddit while i ate dinner with the comic still open . Once i got done eating, a freshman asks me to install microsoft word for him .
i know, i'm an idiot . i know i'm not an idiot. i know that i'm a stupid idiot. I know, but i know it's an idiot, i know. i.m. that i know how to do it? i know what i know from i'm in the video .
i've been getting emails from peter smalley on google plus for what seems like ages . i didn't know who he was and thought he might even work for google as a blogger, stupid assumption on my part, i know . Here was his response: \"Thanks for contacting me, but i am not certain why you think i am in the habit of providing free advertising to unsolicited individuals\"
i woke up to my feet itching like crazy . A rash was appearing, and i couldn't find the anti-itch solution . When i put in my contact my eye burned instantly . My boyfriend ran in and i told him what happened while crying and trying to flush my eye in the sink .
After getting an in-person job at a cool company, i decided to give my legs a good shave in the bathtub . Woke up hours later, freezing in the tub, where i apparently spilled most of a handle of jack daniels and soaked in it for two hours . The interviewer's office said i was really sick and needed to reschedule .
My dad is out of town for work and my sister just got home from working all summer at a summer camp . So i grabbed my dads driver out of his back because i don't want to go into the basement to get mine . After that i proceeded to give my arms and legs a 45 minute sponge bath because i got into something that made my legs burn and itch .
9/10 chance i am dying. i feel like total shit... i feel total shit . i'm not sure i'm dying. I feel like a total shit. I'm not dying. It's just 10% chance i've got to be dying, i'm on the road .
Around 7:30 am, way before my alarm, i was half awake . i strained to fart and felt a wetness between my legs . When i stood up, the floodgates opened and i peed myself . After looking at my hand, it was covered in blood .
When the balloonicorn came out as a product on the valve store and thinkgeek, i knew i had to get one . My dad, who is a christian man, was surprised at seeing the large inflatable unicorn that the boys carried in . \"Why are you bringing in that pink unicorn?\" one of my friends exclaimed. \"well, it's not ours, either!\" dad responded as he and his brother shut the door, high-tailed it to their mom's car .
i keep the cat food on top of the washing machine, which is in the attic of my house . This morning i found cat food all around our washing machine as our cat decided to help herself . Water comes from the attic and leaks into a smoke detector, causing it to start the auto destruct sequence of our house .
i hadn't had to pee this badly since boot camp! i'd be damned if i didn't pee myself then (like so many others) and i'm just glad it was a liter bottle not a 20oz. it was nearly full . An ocean spray explosion of piss-mist that got all over my face, keyboard, bed and desk .
Last night, i had to turn down sex with the bf because it was hurting enough . Fastforward to this morning, i'm incredibly horny, and completely forgetting about last night, start going to town . The fiery wrath of satan came down upon my genitalia this morning .
Driving down the highway... sip my coffee... oh crap, wrong pipe... try to hold the cough... nope... explosive expulsion, hack, wheeze... coffee on every surface within a conic spray pattern from my mouth... %$*&*!!! Pulled off at next exit. buy windex and paper towels. summon my best winston wolfe impression in mind. \"i need you to act fast if you wanna get out of this without coffee stains all over the place. so, pretty please... with sugar on top.\"
So i got too excited so i jumped off the bed and started to furiously masturbate standing up . The worst part? one of those girls has her name. She must have heard everything from her to one of the girls she was gangbanging in my head . One of my sisters walks past my door mid cumming .
This actually happened last night but it didn't post for some reason . My dad and my poor, poor saint of a mother became a casualty in our war for dominance . All night tuesdays are meatless in our house for as long as i can remember . When i felt the seat of my shorts fill up with not just a squirt, or even just one turd, i realized then that i had just shit my pants beyond anything that i'd ever imagined .
The cat was at the foot of the bed and i wanted to pet him; so i pet him with my foot . Suddenly, my wife looks over and says \"babe, what are you doing? you're rubbing stormy's butt.\" i looked down and realized i had been stroking his tiny, kitty manhood with my toes .
tifu by going to the strip club before heading home for the night well i was only going to spend a little bit of money with friends . The stripper gave me two vip dances without asking and me not knowing now im out 65 bucks and i don't have money for lunch tomorrow .
i sneezed politely but my nose started to drip afterwards, which i delicately dabbed with the side of my finger . All of those eight people within a one meter radius from me were staring at me . So i pulled out a rectangular slip of card and used it has a nose shield while i ran off the train .
i made a mistake that i feel is somewhat common, but terrible nonetheless . After working in the shop all day i was hot and thirsty, i grabbed the spitter and took a big swig of it . It was so terrible that i had to pull over and ended up losing the contents of my stomach in the ditch .
i've been in contact with a girl over the summer and we hook up sometimes . i've only had three drinks, and my bro comes and starts pouring shots for every one . This occurred around 1:30am, and i get in the hospital . After helping move in, i spent the rest of today tearing apart my room trying to find my phone .
i'm sick of people thinking i tried to cop a feel . tagged derri\u00e8re instead of back, now i'm known as my username. do i need an explanation? tagged derrien instead of the back . Do i need to explain? Do you need to know what's going to do?
The breakup wasn't accidental, but it certainly didn't occur how i hoped it would . We've been drifting apart recently . We haven't seen each other as much as we used to . She texted me tonight saying how she feels like she is to blame for us being distant .
This is the second time i've sent packages to the wrong place in two weeks . My parents are going to have to pay to ship all 10 books to college as well, and they probably won't get around to it until next week . Good job, self, says i'm stuck without books i need .
i go to school in minneapolis, mn. today, grumpy cat was apparently visiting and being exhibited in a show of modern art regarding popular culture and the interwebs at the leading gallery of contemporary art and media in minnesota, the walker art center . After coffee, i decided i was too tired to walk around a gallery for 2 hours, and told my friends i was going home .
i've never worn a buttplug out without wearing jeans or yoga pants . The plug slipped out, right passed my undies, out the bottom of my shorts . i have no idea if anyone noticed, but i bolted for the lady's room and hid in the stall for a good 10 minutes .
In his current mood the only thing i can really find funny is the memory of what she wanted the politics of our breakup to be . The funny thing is the fact that i am stung in a deep stupid way that i have no real way of allowing myself feel, and that there is no way that she will ever again in her life want me to be her boyfriend again or especially to have sex with me again .
i'm a notoriously loud serial rager, and have one helluva potty mouth to boot . The first game that catches my eye in my collection: call of duty black ops ii. The first mistake? deciding to try and raise my k/d. Second mistake? decided to try to raise my d.A.d. It's one of my favorite maps, so i decide to go tryhard .
My mom and sister were driving down the road and saw a momma duck and her babies trying to cross the road . The chicks started scattering and one fell down a grate in the road. The other made it up ok but they could hear the little guy down there \"crying for his momma\"
i was taxi-ing back from university to my house . Driver of african heritage was talking to me in broken english . The driver said \"you should go on holiday to somewhere sunny for a couple of weeks\" Unfortunately, what it sounded like in this poor ear was : \"you're foreign and i'm a racist therefore i hate you so fuck off\"
They bought the gift last saturday, but i finally saw my mom today to give her the gift . My aunt, her sister, passed away about 10 years ago . She looked as though she was going to cry and said quietly that it was my aunt's favorite song .
i got 150 bucks, which is better then i thought . Now my mom is mad at me for stealing it . i would never tell her it was me but she knows... she said shes going to the pawn shop to look for it... i'm sure she'll find it too .
i woke up early on this particular morning, i figured i had time to jerk off quickly . About an hour later, i go & talk to my mom because she's up now so i did that . she said to me, \"did you spit on your arm?\" & i look over to my arm to see a blob of cum that i had no idea was there . needless to say, it was awkward .
A few new people entered my class, i became especially fond of a girl, about 2 years older than me . Some of my crushes friends have been cracking a few wise-ass jokes, not targeting anyone in particular, but m seems to think it is directed to her and her friends (teenage girls) and in another side, me and a few friends (some of them go back more than 10 years), and another girl which i also know for about a decade (i'll be referring to her as m).
i was looking around on r/hentai when i found this really good picture of one of my favorite anime characters in a...well... indecent...position . i proceed do make some knuckle children and went to my next class . i being oblivious to this fact, until they had left i and was done with class and realized what i had done .
Upon hearing the semi-shitty news, i just said without thinking, \"abort the mission!\" Everyone was staring at me with dropped jaws and shortly thereafter i realized that i was a tool for saying that . After class, i apologized for what i said and my teacher laughed it off .
The almond extract is 47% alcohol and not coconut oil . It was the worst pain my penis and balls have ever felt, they were on fire and turning red . My wife was on the floor cracking up trying to explain to me that i picked up the almond extract .
After leaving the door, i decided to let the dog out, i opened the door to let him go . The dog's owner, who is now in the care of the dog, is getting stuck in the middle of the day . i forgot to unlock the door from last night's door .
the story is in the title i guess. The story is the story of the story . Don't cram all night kids. there's no point kids. There are no plans to cram all the way they cram . There's no way to cram every night for craming all night .
i've never stolen anything before, not even as a teenager . i didn't realize i'd committed a crime until 4pm when i found the $5 bill i was going to use in my backpack . The waitress seemed very nice and even called me sweetheart . i'm not expecting her to call the cops but it might be yelling/withering comments .
friend is mad. Friend is mad . Friend of the friend of a young man is mad at his friend . The friend of the man who is mad is mad, but his friend is not mad. He says he's mad. I'm mad. She's mad at her friend .
i lost my only source of income because i got caught stealing lottery tickets on camera . It was before i got the place, when i had no money for food, so i pocketed some scratch offs in hopes of getting some food money . Now i lose my job and am being prosecuted .
i was woke up by a friend in scotland who kiked me at 3am est, which is around 8am for her . The dream... escapes the mind and shoots into reality... shoots it right into my favorite boxers... then i realized that that feeling was an orgasm . i didn't risk the trash can, i chucked the cum-soaked boxers out the window .
A fly was buzzing around the car, so my friend said to try and kill it because it was annoying . The windshield turned into a spiderweb of cracks all the way across . After assessing the damage, i felt like a huge douche . All that money i had saved up to use that night had to instead be used for a new window...
Red Hot sauce is a mouth-only condiment, /r/tifu.com says it's a mouth only condiment . The hot sauce is getting hotter as it gets to the point where i'm about ready to scream . The pain subsides whenever i remove my lizard from the goblet of cow juice .
My building is running new internet cables and have been in my building for a few weeks . When we first found out i cleaned my apartment and made sure it was ready for them to run . When i walked into my room everything was back in its place just how i left it except the gentlemen's magazines, which were nicely stacked in my chair .
i'm in this club at school, both times have represented my state at the national level . When my mom was out of town and my dad had to come pick me up this club was holding a meeting and i was forced to tell my advisor i couldn't attend . After the meeting i asked her everyday for a week what we had gone over at the meeting, by the last day she was visibly annoyed and started snapping at me .
The car was at 100k miles when it couldn't go above 40-45 mph . The problem persisted the whole way home, turning a 19-hour straight-through drive into a 23-hour drive and making me late (and dead tired) to work the next day . The fuel filter in a scion can only be ripped out of the whole seat .
i have a ball python, and i needed to defrost a large rat to feed it . When my mom saw it, she flipped out and knocked the bowl on the ground . Now there's water everywhere, and a big dead rat on my kitchen floor . My dog comes out of nowhere, snatches the rat and takes off .
/r/tifu has reached 100,000 subscribers . It's thanks to all of you that the subreddit is one of the best subreddits . Do you have any ideas for new features for this subreddit? Share your thoughts on the subreddit's future features? Share it with us .
i was about to shit my pants in public and so i left my 60k+ life savings unattended for a brief moment . i didn't want to carry my backpack to the train toilet because they are really small and there is no place to put a big backpack . of course my backpack was gone after i came back from the toilet .
The door wouldn't open from the inside of the jeep wrangler . The mechanical engineering student decided to fix it to prevent crawling through the passenger side / window for the next week . The door had been locked the day before, so we spent the afternoon reassembling the car .
The new glasses are still uncomfortable and need some adjustments . When i came back they were gone, they were taken away from them . The glasses were taken by a friend and left them unattended, leaving their stuff unattended . This is the first time i accidentally accidentally accidentally got a word .
Last night before prom, i got a last-minute tutoring gig for $60 . My mom had expressed that it was all very expensive and i felt awful, so i took up tutoring and paid for a lot of the small things on my own . She got into a car accident, plus $1,200 for the seatbelt needed to be fixed for .
The shit happened at work and i went for my usual morning shit . But somehow my dick has achieved *just* the right angle to piss right through the tiny gap between the toilet seat and bowl, spraying the back of my khakis and the floor . i live too far away to go change, have no backup pants here, and no easy way to disappear and clean them .
The doorbell rang, but it wasn't the cab driver . It's been 8 minutes, he said he'd be right back back . For me, it hurts to withdraw a 20, and now it's as if i've just threw it away . He brought the money, the liquor is on meeeee!!!
6 in the morning and my pre-alarm goes off and go back to bed . This morning however however, i had to pee, and its everything i hoped it would be . Then i fall, and i think i blacked out, due to nosebleed related light headedness, but i could of slipped .
Blood poured from my finger, all over my hand, down my arm, on the shower curtain and on the bathroom . Blood washes off half of my fingernail, and no nookie in sight . 20 minutes later, here i lay with my throbbing, bandaged hand over my head, hoping this thing clits soon . -sigh-
A friend told him that i should smoke during lunch to de-stress and everything would be fine and that i just needed a break . When i get back from lunch after smoking a few bowls with a group of close friends, i start feeling it alllllll slip away . The kid in the class before ours left his account logged in. One of my buddies tells me that it is this kid who tried to sleep with my girlfriend .
i took a shower and snap chatted (sex-ting) my friend, who in my contacts was baby bestfriend. similar to my other friend, (the accidental victim) whose name is bby bestfriend) So i wasn't paying attention, so i sent it to t, he wrong person who shouldn't of gotten it .
i'm in grade 11 bio. each week my teacher expects us to take home the class pet, a hamster, for the day . The thing was ugly, and it had crap pouring down its eyes and it shit on the same spot because it could barely move its hind legs . The class decides to make a funeral, yes a funeral .
the gaming effort is this message. yippee . The gaming effort was this message . So this is kind of a recursive f*ck up . So, i almost forgot to link this: http://://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/1f9x5y/im .
i sent one apology letter per week, but to no avail. i quit trying. She'll reply if she really wants to tak to me, and if she never does, then she never cared. that's my ending to this fuck up. That's my end to this .
i thought i was off the hook since i only talked about the incident for 5 minutes . The next day i went to the principal's office and told him to not say things like that . i don't think i will be able to stay in the country because i said this when tensions are high .
Spellcheck notified me that i had misspelled \"knowledgeable\", so i've been sending out my resume to companies throughout my city with a huge glaring error on it . When i went to make some revisions today spellcheck notified him that i'd misspelled 'knowledgeable'
Last night, my girlfriend and i were crawling into bed . When she comes, she starts to come, but it doesn't taste the way it usually does . She turns away and curls up, \"i don't think i want to have sex tonight\" i feel like i just threw a wrench in the spokes of our sex life .
in november we finally moved into our new house that has a man made koi pond in the back . We decided to clean it out and fix it up, as it hadn't been well maintained in the last year before we moved in . We kept the water in the bucket and all the fish were fine (about a dozen or so fish.) i realized that we needed to keep this water in there and that if we switched it with say, tap water, the fish could die .
The song made me take a poop on myself and i ruined my favorite boxers . \"This song [this song] made him take a pot on myself,\" he says . The song was released from the U.S. on July 1, 2011 . The album was released on June 1, 2013 .
The worst mistake i've ever made. i apologize in advance for any formatting errors, i'm on my phone . After donating blood, i went home, decided to make myself dinner . After a night out, i started to feel sick and sicker . After vomiting and shitting all night, i got back into bed, slept for three hours .
i went to wendy's and in the process of collecting my order managed to knock over my drink, drop my keys, then drop my sunglasses . When i met her eyes she was giving me a look i couldn't comprehend until i looked over and saw a group of people wearing special olympics shirts. i don't think i've ever felt so bad.
13-year-old me is on a family winter vacation to the upper colonies . After visiting new york city, i enter to the strange and pungent smell of a new england hobo . All stalls are full (no urinals) and one is open and housing a shaking hobo. A gentlemen clad in red sox garb is leaving and ominously tells me with a strong boston accent, \"that guy is cleaning the pipes\"
A week ago, me and my girlfriend had been talking about the idea of her letting me cum on her face and take a picture . Unfortunately the orgasm was too powerful and i lost grip on my member part way through the first wave of cum . unfortunately the mood was ruined and i no longer was interested in the photograph .
and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it . No one has commented on the incident, but no one said anything from it . and forgot cleaning up after after the incident . No comment on what happened to happen in the aftermath of the incident in the city .
i ate 3 boxes of \"fiber one bars\" as my exclusive food due to extreme laziness in the last 2 days . i am farting at least 2 loud boisterous farts out of my ass per 1 minute . This is worse than the time i ate an entire box of sugar free cookies .
The lights in the kitchen exploded with shards of glass . The bulbs shattered in the bang and pieces flew through the air with the power of an angry god . At that moment i was plunged into darkness! i had no lights, no lamps, not even the glow of the microwave clock that taunts me daily with its time traveling power!
i've been sick lately so my bowel movements have been really irregular . My stomach was killing me but i just couldn't get anything out . When i tried to get it off my hand, it got stuck to my hand and i spazzed . Worst part, a woman was in the stall next to me .
The professor in question is a legend in his field and is very well known in the country . His supervisor-to-be thought it would be a good idea for me to attend their weekly meetings if i was available . When i checked the time, the weekly meeting had already started 15 min earlier, i decided to go to his office only to find no one inside .
i horseback ride, and while working at the stables, one of them ripped the lead line out of my hands . i didn't think much of it until i realized i couldn't bend it . Of all the fingers, its [this one] its [This one]
when i was very little my stomach was hurting so badly so i had to use the bathroom when i sat on the toilet shit shit shit flew all over the seat and dripping to the floor . My dad walks in and sees the crap dripping. He started laughing so hard he might've crapped in his pants .
The stream of pee went right out of the space between the seat and the bowl . It sprayed all over my underwear, pants, and somehow ricocheted upwards onto my legs. fuck it, no throwaway. It's not a throwaway, it sprayed all on my underwear and pants .
i used to be able to fart wantonly with nary a care in the world, but thanks to your particular brand of poison, i no longer trust my bowels . i've never been one to have issues, but i'm paranoid . i blame you tifu, i blamed you .
i feel so stupid! i sent an email regarding a receptionist position in la and wasn't thinking and attached my resume which has my address and phone number on it . Does anyone have any suggestions on going about going about to go about this? Do you know how to contact the woman who has her address or phone number?
laptop + backpack stolen from laptop . Backpackers reported missing laptop, backpack stolen . laptop and backpack stolen on laptop . laptop + backpacker stolen from backpack . Backpacks and backpack missing in backpack stolen by thieves . Back to Mail Online home . Back page you came from .
Last night i packed up my headphones in my backpack for classes . Upon moving them to my pocket they fell on the ground in the case they came in . i turn around to retrieve them, and they were gone . At least if i shit myself the story would be worth karma on here .
i got up for my classes today, got dressed, brushed teeth, brushed my teeth, went to the bathroom . This was at 8 in the morning, and my class is at 10. It also takes an hour to get to my campus . Next thing i know its 9:30 and i've missed my class .
The little guy choked, reflexively biting down and causing immense pain to his little guy . To make matters worse, i looked down about a minute later to find that i was now bleeding from the inside . It stopped after a few minutes, but needless to say, i will be calling in to get myself checked out .
\"my so and i are into *some* kinky stuff. i more than he but, tonight he wanted his kinkiest fetish - metal thermometer in the ol' pee-hole . i reach into the bedside drawer, retrieve it, and start getting him harder for it . Due to both our intoxication levels, i can't read his pain and he couldn't read my pleasure .
i woke up from a nap to do my essay for class . The fluffy part of the q-tip got stuck in my ear, and it took about 45 minutes to an hour to get out . i did it, i got it out and that's how i messed up today .
Was watching a movie, got way into the movie, reached over for a drink and killed the can without meaning too. went to the fridge, got it to put it next to my bed to chug tomorrow morning. The can can be used to kill it without meaning .
i ate 2 slices of pizza, hot wings and 4 caprisuns . By the time i got on the bus i realized i made the biggest mistake ever, i forgot to take my shit . The shit ends up on my hand and jacket so i take off my jacket so nobody would notice the stain .
i'm a semi-pro poker player who works at a nearby casino . One day i went to the casino to win a nice sum on baccarat... withdrew 2k and bet it on one hand... then i made several more wagers and i come out ahead at least about 5k (at the time 2k was all i had) The chop continued a legendary 9 times in a row .
3d modeling class, i'm trying to model hair and finding it difficult . Professor walks by and comments that he thinks i'm doing a good job . When i try to smooth it out, though, it doesn't really look like hair anymore . It wasn't till he started giggling that i realized what i said .
After a year in providence, i was going to meet someone in boston for a date which is an hour away by train . After spending what turned out to be just over 60 minutes with my date, i'm almost two and a half hours early for my hour long train home .
17-year-old plays violin in a youth orchestra in the UK . After a few hours alone, i was left to cook my own dinner . The day after, i had to be up at 4am to catch a coach to play in a concert, along with several other youth orchestras from around the country . The only damage to my underwear was a piece of corn .
Drunk me was watching tv in the living room and decided to just sleep on the couch . Passed out that way... my parents wake up around 5 in the morning their daily routine before work . i looked down and my blanket was a little down exposing my tits . i quickly reassembled myself and pulled my head under the covers in shame until my parents left for work .
i made an egg, mushroom, chia seed, cilantro and garlic scramble . After brushing my tongue, i over did it, activated my gag reflex and up came the scramble . It soaked through toilet paper to sort of \"pick up\" the pile of puke, and quickly fling it into the toilet .
My so is the best thing to come into my life in a long time . He's funny, smart, determined, and a rock star in bed . i wasn't cheating or anything of the sort. but i still hurt my so. and that's what i'm so pissed at myself .
When i was about five my parents thought it'd be good to bring my younger sister and me to church just to see if we liked it . When i started running around the church screaming \"put down your hands, you're never going to reach god!\" My parents were pretty embarrassed, a few people looked at me like i was the antichrist, and we never went to church again .
i've trying to get a bunch of maintenance done on my boat before winter, so i was disassembling my winches so i can oil them . The outer drum on one of them wasn't coming off easily . A fountain of blood erupted from my nose and it took most of the evening to clot fully .
i started the program and it said there is and update for your drivers so i pressed total installer and it started downloading the updates . Here is the picture of where it stopped, and now i have a dead motherboard . Click here to see it stuck on updating the bios .
Ifu by not clearing my rain gutter and causing 3 inches of standing water and subsequently a leak on a flat roof 2 days before my wedding . Leaves and other shit can block the pipe easily and since it never rains in albuquerque i never learned that lesson before now .
i'm at the place in town that charges a cover for god awful live music played indoors at 65db because i'm in bumblefuck, mississippi and while its a college town, i still have no hope for their future . The doors to the back porch are idiotic. One is a regular door, and another is a fire alarm door that does nothing .
This is the most i've seem him puke to date . The entirety of the eruption was on myself . None of it got on him, or the furniture or the floor . Think of it like a red fro on my chin, think of it as a super absorbent .
The guy that runs our local nerd store has a tendency to get on obsessive kicks . One of the regulars comes in (let's call him dummy) and bragging about how he can handle any sauce . Within a few seconds there are tears running down his face, his eyes are red and he's making very strange noises . The guy chokes the stuff down and recovers a little but his lips and tongue both start swelling pretty bad .
So far this season i have gotten a black eye (beaned in the face by a grounder) and gotten a nasty scrape on my leg from sliding into third . i'm up to bat, and everything is a little blurry. i swing. next thing i know, i am in the dugout surrounded by teammates who are debating calling an ambulance .
i was taking a regular dump a couple nights ago and while taking it, there was a bit of sharp part to it . Later that night, my asshole starts hurting. Not between my cheeks, but my actual muscles that retract when i shit . Then it hit me, its a blood blister on/in my asshole!
The yellow crack lighter, which i had been trying to kill for some time, finally died, so i celebrated by whipping it against a wall a few feet in front of me . It didn't explode, but my friends freaked out at me. Some people where more understading and explained the principle of exploding lighters .
A guitar pick got stuck in his pants while sitting down in a chair . Instead of heading to the bathroom and pulling it out, i decided to pull it out . The pick was stuck in the middle of class and decided to go to the restroom . It was so bad that it would get too deep in to get out of the bathroom .
i was supposed to be finished reading a philosophy article for my morals class, needless to say i didn't do it . During discussion i get to class and tell the class my theoretical situation . She laughs called me out on not doing the reading, and says thats exactly the situation the author used in her article .
Today is my birthday was headed out to get food with the wife and some friends . When i got home, that it must have been my 20 bucks, and that the other 80 i had plus a 30 dollar check from my grandparents, is missing . Figure it happened when i pulled my phone out of my pocket or something that the cash and check came out with it .
When a freind replied i jokingly sent him \"i just use you for sex\" and sent it to everyone again . including my parents . Jokingly sent the joke to a friend and jokingly said he just used him for sex . Joked that i just used my cell phone to send them to everyone else .
i've fallen into a bad habit of greeting everyone by saying [\"herro\" When i greet people on the phone or when i'm walking by them in the hall of work . i'm an american born chinese with a lot of chinese relatives . i've had to speak to my very very japanese friend today .
Ifu.com/r/ifu/comments/1id7we/tifu_and_now_my_dad_knows_i_had_rough_sex/cb3g3oe?context=3) The downvotes on that comment are more than any upvotes i've had on a single comment .
i'm 16 and my driver's license doesn't let me drive other people until 6 months after acquisition . As i drive home, i noticed that i had missed several calls from my dad . Apparently, my phone had received and answered the call in the car while it was being jostled around and picked up the conversation .
i cook bacon a lot and it tends to splatter, so i took to covering up the back burners with aluminum foil to prevent bacon grease from falling under the coils . Now my apartment is filled with smoke and smells like burnt aluminium foil, but i opened the windows to get it out .
After a solid week of no sex, i take my gf to the spot, i decided to take some of that green goody stuff we brought with us . When i realized i was too high to try to do anything with ao5269 jr. J.J. jnr. The fish hook was a device that featured nine motherfucking back hating hooks on it .
i was talking to my girl over skype when i noticed a small piece of fuzz floating in my peripheral vision . As soon as i\u2019m about to enclose it in my hand, i realize that the piece of the fuzz is actually a baby spider that felt like coming down from the ceiling on its web .
i hid out in my closet to smoke, but i left my butts in the space between the glass and the screen, no one's the wiser . My parents come into my room after coming home from an errand and say \"kicktoria, do you have something you want to tell us?\"
Nofap started over a week ago, and since have relapsed, this is how . After relapsed i started nofap over the last week, has relapsed and has since relapsed . The site accidentally aroused by an anonymous celebrity.commodate celebrity .
My boyfriend's parents live in wales, but he was visiting me in london last week . He was visiting his flat when he left the hob at around 3.30pm . His parents rang her to ask if they knew what was going on . They rang her asking if she was okay, so i went to investigate . When they heard smoke in the street, someone had left gas on and set their place on fire .
Pig-shaped USB was stolen from the front desk at the library . The pig-shaped device was stolen by someone who was playing with it all morning . The front desk asked if anyone had turned in the pig, but i tried not to panic . The animal has been recovered .
i steamed some ribs with a bain-marie . The animal fat dripped down the boiling pot was now far above it's combustion point and undergoing pyrolysis . i grabbed the pot by the handles, took exactly three steps to the... oh oh my fucking god! the pot burst into flame in my hands .
i've had nothing to eat but fast food for the last 3 days... and i hadn't shit in a while. at least 2 days. My face just goes as white as a ghost. She looks down at me and asks what's wrong as a small dose of mustard gas is being rocketed out of my anus .
i've never facepalmed so hard in my life . i was 15 when i asked her what kind of music she liked . The deaf girl met at a jobs fair and while trying to make some conversation i asked for her to listen to music . i've since been texting this deaf girl at a job fair .
i met someone through friends that i got along well with they're engaged and i've been in a relationship for over a year . Neither of us expected anything but things spiraled out of control through some of our conversations . The problem is, i can't do anything with my so without picturing them instead and it's driving me crazy .
i got up late after my 2 year old turned off the alarm . My eldest needed to replace his eyeglasses and i decided since he was home already, we should do it today . Once i get an idea in my head, i become compulsive . My wife should have just told me to go to hell and i would have grumbled for awhile .  "i can never eat these again. oh these are good, wait, what's wrong with this on.... wtf? ok, yeah those are definitely maggots. I can never ever eat these kind of thing again. Oh. Oh these were good, but what is wrong with it on... wtf .
A couple weeks ago, i get called up to a register. It's getting pretty busy so i just jump on to the first free one i see . When she hands me a large bill i find there's not enough to give back in less bills, so i call the front-end manager to come get me change . The coworker grabbed the cash out of my hand in front of the customer and just gives it to her .
i realized today while doing laundry that i bought and been using fabric softener and not detergent for the past two weeks . Dam Dam Damning: i realized that i had been using cloth softener instead of detergent and detergent . Damdamdam: \"damn't\u00a0dramatically\u00a0dammmit\"
i got everything cut and ready to go..washed my hands with soap & water and went to go watch some tv . About 30 seconds later my junk turned to fire and i realized all the jalapeno oils in my hands had mixed with the jerk-ins lotion to make naplam .
The story was posted during the morning school rush . It's not the first time i was late for a class in the gym when i started doing cardio again and was very sweaty . He was wearing boxers and hated the sticky feeling between your legs when sweat dries up . After the pain stops and look at my balls they're cherry red .
i couldn't wait to see my so so i could give him a well-deserved, deep-throated blowjob . Toothpaste foam traveled down my throat as i was scraping my tongue . Next thing i know i am making the mistake of puking in my sink because the toilet was too far away .
i was riding to my friends on my jump bike on a steep hill with a bridge for trains that goes over the top with enough room for a car . i didn't pay any attention to the cars oncoming and i just threw a burst of energy in to peddling and maxed out (quite small rear sprocket so it was easy) and me being an idiot i had only tightened my front brakes .
i met this girl who seemed like she was really into me, crazy crazy. She is very sexual and all of the cool shit most girls aren't . After a few days i've known her, i actually really like her and i think i let it show too much and she might be slowly backing away .
i set the keys in the seat when i got up like i would my car and closed the door. costed 70$ to get the key out. Getting a second made for her car tomorrow. getting a second set for the car tomorrow . Getting a new sound system made to her car cost $70$ .
i picked up a pair of boxers that i thought might be clean and pulled them right on up to my nose to sniff . unfortunately, they were far from clean . Unfortunately, unfortunately, the boxers were far more clean than any other college student i am . Being the lazy, unsanitary college student, i am, i picked them right right on to sniffing .
i'm a developer at a large financial company where full corporate professional attire is required . As i squatted down with one leg out my pants split from the top of my ass all the way down to my balls . i sat down at my desk and couldn't stop laughing and my face turned bright red .
Maybe we should have a 'days since vomited counter' along with the shitting ourselves counter of course . considering the last two fuck up of the weeks, maybe we should . maybe . have a . 'Shitting ourselves ourselves counter' and 'days after vomited'
after eating nothing but healthy food for over a year, i decided on my way home to pick up some mcdonalds since i didn't want to cook tonight . i can feel my bowels saying \"what the fuck!\" and twisting in every way possible . After eating healthy food, i picked up some Mcdonalds .
A few weeks ago, i'm still dealing with the aftermath of the incident . My friend, a good one, who i've known since i was a kid, became a major racist . Every time he saw a black person he would turn to me and say \"oh god more of them..\" or \"ohoh fuck another black guy\".
i was trying to put my left shoe on my right foot or vice-versa, i don't remember the specifics . Mind you i got one hour of sleep between jobs. mind you . i'm trying to get ready for work in a daze, put on clothes fine, then it comes to shoes .
i got a range rover stuck on a tree stump, which took five hours to free, and damaged the steering rack . This landed me a night in hospital . Fortunately though it's a honda so it still drives, so it's still drives . Remember that all of this happened in one day, i wrote to my brother .
i made cinnamon sugar cookies and the kids sold them door to door . One of the kids bought those butterfly fireworks...the kind that you light in the street and they spin around in different colors....he was so excited that he ran inside my place and asked to borrow a lighter...i hesitated but said okay because he was so happy to have earned his money and he and his buddy went into the alleyway . The entire dumpster was cindering with flames burning upwards .
i was very drunk; dizzy, and sick... i threw up all over her bedroom floor . My cousin wasn't going to be home until the morning so i slept in her bed . Now its morning and she woke everybody up asking about it . i have to usher at the wedding and everybody is going to know what i did .
i attended a piercing event at a new local tattoo parlor called bicycle art gallery in my hometown as the events photographer . Half-way through the event my daughter wanted her face painted so someone there painted her face like a tiger . 2 hours later and a bottle of goo gone we got it off. We didn't know this or we wouldn't have let her do it .
The numbing substance was still on my dick, and it made my girlfriend's mouth numb . It was like she just got a shot of novacane at the dentist . Her mother had no idea that her daughter and i engaged in any sexual activity . When her mom got home she saw her daughters mouth like that and since she couldn't speak .
When i was taking a shower i'd left my clean pants on the floor of the bathroom . Suddenly, i rip my pants off whilst silently screaming and wishing i were dead . Right before my eyes one of the more massive spiders i have ever seen crawls out of my pants and goes on its merry way .
The effects of the pills still hit me all day today, so i was super drowsy . So i laid down in our front room on the couch in just my gown and pyjama pants, the gown was covering the fact i had no shirt on . When i woke up i noticed the main front door was open with just a screen door shut to keep out bugs . Luckily, they deny the boyfriend saw.. i really hope not .
This was a trip out west to see a whole bunch of canyons . i decided that i would like a cool photo of said cactus, grabbed my camera, and headed out into the desert . Instead, the bush i had gotten into was a cactus that uses static electricity to get maximum pain out of its victims .
The tip of his penis exploded in pain, so i was scared . He was waxing the cyclops in the shower everyday, using your basic shampoo as a lubricant . The tip is basically white, not like a white guy, but straight up white on a color wheel, with bloody canyons mixed in .
Psychiatrist prescribed me zanaflex(tizanidine) for muscle spasms . The first couple of times i took them, nothing out of the ordinary happened . As the days progressed and a week went by, strange things began to take place . \"It's in your head, it's in my head\", one hallucination .
Last night i crushed a lot of medicine into powder to commit suicide myself . Mixed the powder with water and drank it all . Then wrote an e-mail to a girl i love (female, 18) and i know she loves me. The girl texts me that she's pissed at me and basically that she hates me so much .
In high school freshman year i was sitting in health class listening to the teacher lecture . The class fell silent, i look to the left to see a friend looking at me bright as cherry red. i then proceed to lose my shit and laugh for a solid 2 minutes as the teacher and class look at me in disgust .
After a big night out, i put a bucket next to my bed just incase i felt like i was going to be sick during the night . After yarfing into the hard object on the floor, i thought it was my bucket . The $2000 laptop was accidentally projectile vomited onto my laptop .
My friend was in town the other day who stays at the hotel directly across the street from my apartment . After closing down the bar, we went with my friend up to his room to continue to chat and have another drink . After we decide to call it a night, we decided to sneak up the stairwell door leading up to the roof and we do some naked rain dancing before deciding to head down .
It was my bucks night... shat myself after walking from a cab, on my neighbours front lawn at 3 am . Then proceeded to try and get into my house dripping shit from my ass while my pants were around my ankles . Then had to throw out my pants and clean myself up while my future wife looked on horrified .
It was date night when everyone took a date and pregamed at someone's house . She was too drunk to remember anything, so apparently she told me i kept asking her the same questions, because i was drunk . She said she wanted to leave after a while, i don't blame her .
i was sent to the principal's office and i told my story, which he wasn't amused by, nor did he believe . When asked where he gets his homework done, he responds saying something like, \"oh, i do it everywhere! sometimes i'll do it in the kitchen, sometimes at my desk, even sometimes on my bed!\"
i'm told later that the girl was coming on to me. following this, the most epic of all face palms occurred. Following this, i'm said later that my face palm palm palm was a real panty-moistener. The most epic face palms occur following this .
A couple weeks later i'm texting with my girlfriend and i send her a pic of the ol' ween. He bought himself the iphone5 and gave me his old phone so i would have all of his contacts . This means any photo saved to the phone is automatically uploaded to his icloud and any other connected devices .
The next morning he seemed positively heartbroken as he told me what i'd said . i didn't remember the context nor the conversation - nothing - but i know he wouldn't make it up . He was so genuinely hurt, and has been making little joking comments like \"i know i have a small penis but...\"
On Friday night, i text my friend that i am not able to make her birthday party because i fail my driving test for the second time . She replied saying my birthday is not today, but isn't your party tonight? Then i text her friend saying she is so confused . This was the same girl that in his junior year of high school i broke her phone by accident .
Nothing big happened, the principal, myself and the girl and her father was sat in a room where we talked it over . No consequences for any of us. No consequences . No . consequences for anyone else for the girl to be involved in the incident, no consequences .
i borrowed my grandparent's brand new cadillac escalade and rounded up all the groomsmen and groom to pick up junk from walmart for the night . When we got there, i noticed a group of kids in hondas, trucks and shit so we decided to fuck with them . After some reason, i thought the rest of the lot was open space and i just kept staring at them...and ran straight into a parked thunderbird . The driver wasn't around...but i was soon surrounded by a bunch of kids asking stupid questions .
At the end of the night a couple of bands got up and started playing some covers . In my drunken state, i thought it was a good idea for me to do so as well, just hang in the back headbanging . From the angle it looked like i might have knocked into him, and contributed to him falling .
My boyfriend, josh, lives in america, is american, and had american parents . His parents were good friends with a russian man named stanislav, so much so they made josh's god-father of josh . They died, leaving josh an orphan in stanisav's care . When josh left when he came of age, and went to america .
i've been home on college break these past 2 weeks and have been staying in my old room . Since it is the only room on the ground floor, my sisters like to throw their stuff in it . As i took a step, i tripped over some of their crap and fell backwards into my tv (37\") and it fell to the floor and the screen shattered .
The pope held his speech in the vatican in front of 10000 people . Unfortunately for me, the speech aired on tv, and this was really not the best place to fuck up . Let's hope the pope didn't see me... let's hope he didn't .
At university i was bursting for a poo and decided to go lighten the load . Could only find a couple of sheets within the roll dispenser in my cubicle . Halfway to the next cubicle a lecturer of mine walked into the toilet and caught me with everything out on show, thankfully he just did an about turn and disappeared .
The amsterdam is infamous for its red light district . After spending one hundred euros for her giving me head and some doggy while standing, she demanded another hundred to move action over to the bed . Despite being drunk i realised where this was going and decided to cut it there instead of being ripped off .
At university, we're given toilet paper weekly, but it's really cheap and scratchy . After wiping, i realised my butthole is really itchy . The real pain is the embarrassment that my anus is so much of a wuss that it got cut open by some tissue .
i had a friend over and decided it was an excellent time for something new and exciting . Being a relative newbie to the pleasures (and dangers) of candle burning, i impulsively slapped that sucker right on my coffee table and proceeded to schmuck around on the internet (thanks reddit...). i'm sputtering a half-animalistic version of \"noooooo\" while i watch in helpless terror as kiki's belly and side go up in flames .
i have a really common last name and in this class a girl before me on the roll had the same last name . When the professor called my name out after hers, he joked \"are you two related?\" i was thinking was to say something semi-witty like \"if you trace our lineage back far enough, then i guess you'd find our families would be related\"
i'm helping my mom move out of her house . There was an air conditioner window unit in her office on the second floor, looking out over the driveway . The window wouldn't open, so i pried at it for several minutes before it flew open . It fell the opposite direction, and was caught, fully intact, by my sister's roof .
Two days ago i was having a few afternoon drinks at my house because it was a mates birthday and was going to go clubbing later that night . The problem was that we had no more alcohol and didn't want to walk to buy anymore . My friend left the lounge room and walked towards the toilet and fell over grabbing a urn which was my grandmothers onto the ground . i then vomit all over the ashes and my friends are vomiting through out the house .
i was on my bike and had signaled to take a left when this guy in a mercedes roared up behind me . As i was turning he pulled right up next to him yelling . Then he jumped out of the car and ripped open his civilian shirt to reveal his police outfit .
i was running to cross a busy street when my sunglasses fell out of my shirt pocket . The car that crushed them could not have run over them any more perfectly if the driver had tried to run over . The sun was high in the sky, so i put my sunglasses in front of the road .
The couch stank, was itchy and full of holes so it had to go so me and my room mate decided to break it in half . All i wanted to do was crack the frame so then we could finish it off ourselves, instead a piece of wood shot through smashing my headlight and denting the bonnet .
A woman walks out in front of her car, sobbing hysterically and begging me to help her . The stench of booze wafting off her hit me like a sledgehammer . She then starts begging him to buy her some 'ciggies' She offered to leave her bag in the car as collateral, until she gave me the change .
i've failed many classes before . After today that all-too-familiar feeling of failure smashed onto me . i needed at least a 50% on this exam to pass and i dont think i even got that . guess i should look into a major other than engineering *sigh*
i was sitting on the big comfy, plush chair in my boyfriend's parents house, and out of the blue had to fart . Immediately after, after showering and changing, we had summer school and had to leave, but still this is no excuse, i should just have told him right away .
i zoned out while a man with a strong accent was talking because i couldn't understand what he was saying . Then, my partner farted very quietly, i started cracking up . Later i found out that the guy with a . strong . accent was about his wife who died about 5 years ago...
A mutherfucker with wings landed on his boxers and before i could swat it off the dammed thing crawled into my boxers via the fly (ironic?) in the front. i palm smashed myself right in the business. oh god, it still aches.\"
Me and my mom, dad, and older sister are on vacation in Tennessee . They went to star museum, that has famous stars things they used in movies . It took us a total of 60 bucks for the four of us to go in . This guy takes all around this big room, with all this shit from ebay in there, he was asking us where we were from .
i don't know why, but i must have . The toilet paper is red . It took a few red wipes, but got it clean and perty. It didn't even hurt. The dude, in case that matters to anyone, in which i'm a dude .
i honesty never looked at that subreddit before, just thinking it was about all types of trees, not that one . Well, he asked me for some advice on a tree and i said i didn't know the answer, but knew where to send him. well, he replied .
After a walk home, i realized i had a problem in my pants . My ass was on fire as hot liquid feces sought to escape my bowls in front of my friend . The force of frustrated excrement would come in waves, pounding against my sphincter in an attempt to escape . The stench of escaping farts was horrendous .
i was driving back from a weekend mountain trip with a few of my friends . Before i even get my beverage, i release a small fart which is followed by a creature from deep inside my bowels . This is one of those shits that releases before you sit down on the toilet and smells like sour decay .
When i reached into my drawer of sex paraphernalia for my tube of astroglide, i was quite disappointed to come to the realization that i had extinguished said tube and failed to replenish my supply . While there, i noticed a tube of ky warming gel i bought to try with a particular lady friend that i told to take a hike before we got around to use it .
failed the second exam in this class that i need to get my bachelors, 2 weeks before my graduation ceremony . Even if i get 100's on the next two exams, i won't make a c in order to get credit . i'll be walking, but i have to take and pass this class in the fall .
19-year-old is the oldest child in his family's big but close family . His older brother, 14, two stepbrothers (17 and 9) and a stepsister (7) He started telling some jokes that they don't make any sense . When i was half listening in on this conversation i decided to chirp up . My parents who were listening in let out a little snigger .
This happened a year ago, but its always a good laugh . i've been trying to climb the restaurant ladder for about a year . i offered (i.e. demanded) to be allowed to prepare the whole spread of mashed potatoes . When i continued dicing and added the tip of the digit to the potatoes for that extra kick .
i work part time as a cashier at around 7:30, i was helping a customer when they requested a bag . As i do, my shoulder decides to itch my nose with my shoulder and fan out the bag with my hands to open it . Blood everywhere on me, the didn't let me go home .
Earlier today i bought the album \"metal health\" by quiet riot, i bought it once fine earlier but the accident happened the second time, i accidentaly dropped the needle on the wrong spot, and in a panic . On the bright side only a small part of that song was damaged and it was the only song that was damaged .
im just playing upwords in language arts today and there was a word played, which i cant recall, and my friend play first he makes it say cunts then clits finally it said clips . luckily my teacher did not see it . Luckily my teacher didn't see it.
After my one and only meal of the day, i felt a little rumbbly in the tumbbly . The torrent of vile putridity that flowed freely from my backside will forever haunt me . For future poop-proofing i decided to remove shower curtain and use it as a safety shield .
i was taking the sat, doing well, confident in the essay that i wrote, yada yada. Well, we went out for break and i slipped it in to section 3 because, well, that was the next section and i was just kind of on autopilot because i was stressed about doing well . The proctor lost it, wondering 'how stupid' i could be, too .
chrome autofill populated the order form and i didn't catch it until the e-receipt arrived . Hopefully they use discreet packaging, but this sucks . hopefully they used discreet packaging . Hopefully the packaging uses discreet packaging to get rid of the problem . But this sucks.
Three months since i had pricked my pubes, which had flourished into a curly mane of mass proportions . Three months later, i had met some resistance when snipping, but my cut sliced through with ease, a significant sliver of foreskin . No, no, i did not keep the triangle .
My friend was having some \"rumbles in the jungles\" as she puts it and needed to destroy one of the bathrooms . Her gas light must have come on, but we didn't notice it . She had to hold her hands so she wouldn't fall . Luckily her car had some paper towels in the back .
\"i want to say i love you, but i think that it's too soon to say that,\" she gets mad at me later . She isn't ready to say the same, not even close to saying the same . She didn't really react poorly at the time, but, she got pretty mad at him later .
i was sitting in the living room with my puppy, watching some sunday morning talk show . Suddenly the television begins blaring and i frantically frantically frantically searching for the remote . My dad is on top of my mom's room, but now i'm shaking. \"it'll be okay, it's not that big of a deal\" i think, somehow, that my parents, in their room, have the wrong remote .
After falling asleep on the beach, friends think i may have some form of mild narcolepsy . Later looked at the back of my legs, and oh man burnt. The back of his legs later looked at his legs, burnt. :( :( :(.com/bp7wz5n)
i was shaking out the comforter and unbenounced to mt the ipad was inside it fell onto the concrete below . Some people must have taken it because it's not outside anymore . Now i feel horrible. he's supporting me at the moment so i have no  money to buy a new one with.
i woke up completely naked, in the hotel hallway, in a hotel hallway . The receptionist was an absolute doll and they provided me with a towel and telephone reception . After peeling down the garbage shoot i lied when i said i did it after i was allowed entry into the hotel room because i was actually too embarrassed to admit it to reddit .
My brother and brother decided to do something funny as soon as they could hear their neighbours out in the front yard . When i saw some brunette stunner getting the keys to the house next door from my neighbours while they all look at me so fucking puzzled and weirded out . At dinner, dad comes in and tells me the whole story of how she is 21, single, and house sitting for the week .
A customer dropped a 2 litter of sprite off a five foot rack . The 2 liter somehow, out of an act from god, lands between the dames legs . The clutz was apologetic and the dame was stunned . The security video is sick. Had to watch it like 5 times .
The email account was deactivated and basically all those photos went with it . 6 months later, after not logging in that account for awhile, the email account deactivated . smh. It wasn't today but it was a few years ago in college when i had the opportunity to have a 3some twice .
The first time i ever fell asleep in class, everyone was staring at me and pointing and laughing . After that day and that dream ive never been able to sleep in class again . Every day i lay head down and pretend to sleep for up to 20 minutes in every class .
After a few shots of tequila, i decided that i would try my hand at making some kind of cocktail . Everyone around me is coughing and sneezing, so i ditch the drink down the drain and retreat upstairs to my room . Moral of the story: Stay away from tequila kids.
i postee a realy funny comment on askreddit and i didnt get reddit gold . Now im sad now im sad that i got reddit gold and i asked politely for ppl to give me reddit gold, and i got it politely . Now i got a reddit gold gold.comcomporporporcy.com/comporcy .
The woman and her bf/husband look at me with the widest eyes and mouth i have ever seen anyone have . \"i'm not pregnant you dumb c*nt!\" get fired when my manager finds out about the situation . The woman, who was working at a store behind the counter, get their items for them, pay and leave .
The malodorous odor crept into every corner of the gym as i toddled out of there as fast as i can with his hand clenched to my ass like an iron grapnel . A malodorous odor crept in every corner as i left the gym . The odor crept through every corner and smelled everywhere .
i decided to give it away to friends of my parents who have young children . In high school i hid condoms, rolling papers, and lighters in the bottom of the box . Now i will wait for my parents to call me. Now i'll wait for his parents to come forward .
A friend of a friend, we'll call him \"john\" joined us at a restaurant near the university we all attend . i proceeded to tell him that my best friend had slept with his ex-girlfriend a couple months ago . After trying to convince him it was someone else, he got up and left the restaurant, and one of my friends ran after him .
i'm not a super-stoner but i've smoked pot a moderate amount of times and never had a terrible reaction . At this point the high hits me, and it hits me like a train . i start to panic because of how incredibly sick and high i feel around people i barely know.. at the beginning of the night .
i work at a small coffee shop somewhere in germany . The only one having a key to the register is - my boss . She tells me not to worry and put the coins into the safe and that she'll just put them back into the register monday morning .
A few months ago, i was looking for an apartment, and she wanted to come with, and split the rent . After a bit of pleading, i convinced them to give her a call to a target that was newly opened . After the 60 days she had to wait, we applied to a newly opened target . They called today, and after pleading, they called today to get an interview .
It was thanksgiving last year and i broke down miles from the house and when i called my husband he didn't answer . When i tried to call my husband, i got so angry i threw my phone back to find it again, never to be found again . The phone was never found again, and i was inebriated and threw it off again .
i tried to pull open the plastic leaver that holds the card on the other side of the pci slot . Turned out, the leaver needn't be pulled, but pushed only very gently to release the card . i'm off finding an old 775-socket board or buying a new 1155-socket .
i did it for shits and giggles. not worth 20 dollars. Not worth $20 dollars. i did . i did this for shites and giggling. not . not worth . Not worth . $20,000 is not worth a lot of money, i just did it .
The squirrel was about 8 to 10ft away so i said maybe . The ball zings towards the squirrel and hits it straight into the eyeball . It writhes around for about 20 seconds, and eventually does the all familiar death twitch . Once we figured it was dead, i decided to throw it into the bushes .
volkswages passat tdi's run on diesel . i got about $30 into my mid grade fill-up when i realized how bad i messed up . This is the second time i've messed up like this . i was hoping to save money on a mechanic visit .
The campus of a school i've been accepted in to has the worst case of mud butt i've had since i was in diapers . When i started wiping the stranger would hear it, he would know exactly what that sound was . The other guy must have been poo shy too because it was silent for a few minutes .
His wife needed to take her car into the shop before work . $400, 3 hrs and one cab ride later: i am back where i was at 9 am. fuck. The boot imobilizes [hypothetically] the car. You need to pay to have it removed .
The rabbit was running around the play structures when i saw a bus full of special needs kids pull up . The rabbit spun in circles doing the twitch of death on the ground . After setting him under mouths open in dismay, \"what the hell?\". The rabbit spinning in circles .
The whole area is drenched in piss, and i just finish cleaning and make my way in. It's now about an hour after, and my computer is right next to the place it all happened . The real kicker is i live with my family, just wait til they get home .
This happened the other night while driving to meet up with friends for a night of hookah and cards against humanity . Given my 6'3\" the extreme left side of the windshield is a bit difficult to see out of some times . i don't normally have issues with a dirty windshield, but it's been pretty bad lately. i keep putting off washing the car because i have other more important things to do .
\"hell hath no fury like a mentally retarded woman who wants her chocolate\" i have never seen some one kick, scream, bite, pull hair and pinch in such an amazingly violent fashion . Sugar exacerbates a seizure disorder she has and also causes her to freak out and become unable to control her emotions .
19 year old male here, i went to the beach today between classes by myself . While at the beach, these three cute girl come and set up their towels right in front of me . They yelled to me and started waving when i looked, i waved back and continued to read . When guys came up to hit on them the cute one and i made i contact and we both started laughing .
\"the crucible\" is a story using the salem with trials as its setting . i interject, \"whoah there hitler\" and everyone laughs . cue death stare and a non-verbal \"i'll see you after class, you little fuck\". As class ends i'm driving home it hits me .
Her friend, autumn, told me that she really, really hated me . After a 40 minute conversation, she agreed to try being together again . She had written in sharpie [\"i really did love you\"] on the back, she had written . On the back of my hoodie, my boxers, and a picture of us .
The spots are something known as molluscum, a warts virus that is not always transmitted sexually, but can be transmitted . The only treatment option is freezing them off with liquid nitrogen . The worst part is this summer of college and i just started hanging out with this amazing girl, and if things get hot and heavy im going to have to stop them flat .
a flip off followed by a fly you through an open car window. we both apologized at home and talked for an hour about other stuff. We both apologize at home, talked for the hour about the other stuff stuff. A flip-off followed a fly off followed a fuck you through a car window .
The night before i start i cant really sleep much, i'm really nervous, so going into work i am exhausted . That is until my manager backed up against me and felt it with her hip . Luckily no one noticed the most awkward sleepy boner around . She takes one look down, and looks at me and says, \"i don't think this role is suitable for you\"
The other day was our first really hot day, 90+ and i'm a big guy . So i'm getting firmly middle aged and the prostrate is not what is used to be . Suddenly the dam bursts. piss is running down my legs, my pants are soaked, i'm mortified .
The actual fu fu happened months ago, but i discovered it today . nothing like not doing one final quality check on the data you send to qa.com . Nothing like not to do one final test of the data sent to send to QA.com.com/Qa .
The older one just didn't even turn around to look just screams and runs, the younger one goes laura croft on my ass... spins around and punches me in my eye! a solid punch too i was more surprised than anything, of course we laughed it off .
A friend was making a joke about not being able to go down stair's due to a spider on the stairs . That's when i made thing's really akward by trying being funny and said why would he want to fist a spider?edit: reword.edit: Reword.
i supposedly have some crazy eye, according to my brother, i get when i am beyond angry . When he stood up and kept saying what i heard \"i'll choke you out\" i grabbed glass half liter bottle glass and the brown bottle exploded like a rupert drop . It hand my hands bloody immediately but i didn't end up with any serious wounds .
The girl i'm seeing thought she would be a dear and bring me dinner (doritos tacos) When i wake up to her saying, \"oh my fucking god\", chucking a 180 and walking right out of the house . The ziploc bag had come open and my pants, white sheets and comforter covered in yellow liquid .
The room-mate works in my superman pants to get his key . Luckily, i could take a train back with his cta card . My first train ride ever too was my first train trip ever too! My first ride ever was a trip to Chicago's U.S.
An old school southern chef has achieved some sort of crazy kitchen zen that i can't begin to fathom . Liquid bacon grease is hot for as long as it damn well pleases, says i do not have that skill . An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that i was frying some bacon to go with supper .
i had a great day in class, the weather was great just an all around good day . When i got home and decided to make a smoothie, it decided to smack the blender out of my hand release a shitstorm of sticky smoothie . The mess made an enormous mess in my entire kitchen and living room which i spent 3+ hours cleaning .
i am soaking my foot to get rid of some callous skin . Immediately after putting my foot in a bowl of water i realized that i do not have a towel, and i will need to go to the bathroom soon because it is cold . i realized i don't have to use a towel .
This morning, my dad asked me to take the capture card from my computer over to use it for the macy parade . i don't know what i was thinking, but i just took it out while the computer was on . The computer immediately restarted and now the fan on the $160 graphics card isn't spinning .
i assured my family i would be able to find a stream of the parade, so we could continue our tradition of watching it . i'm desperately searching for a recording or a re-run stream, but it seems like it's all in vain . My parents aren't mad, they know i'm trying to find it .
i was supposed to give a presentation today at 8 am for my ww1 history class it was worth 30% of the final grade . i have been doing research for this presentation for weeks, i was really prepared. i spent most of yesterday afternoon and last night at a friend in the classes place . i went home and got to bed by 12:30 ish and set my alarm for 7am i fell right asleep .
The first time in his life he tried to make his own root beer float, it exploded all over his bed . Now i'm sitting on a blank mattress with nothing but my own stupidity to keep me warm . The first load of bedding on its way through the washing machine is being washed through the machine .
i thought i had the green light, but my light was red, and apparently had been for a while . The woman in the expensive toyota bounced off her right front fender . The other driver said she was fine, but requested medics come to check her over, just a few minutes later .
i was just getting ready to fall asleep when i thought it might be a good idea to have some white noise on to help me . The song was found of a guy who loses his wife/girlfriend in a car crash, builds a time machine, goes back in time to fight off dinosaurs, mother nature, dragons, etc. All in hopes that he can just die in the car with the woman he loved .
The key is still on my arm, i like to mess around with them and cuff them to my arms occasionally . i looked around nearly an hour before giving up . After trying to pick the lock, unsuccessfully, i tried to break the lock . Now here i am now tomorrow i need to go to the police to un-cuff me .
my parents live in city a, but i stupidly bought plane tickets a month ago to city b, which sounds sort of alike, but is a day's drive away from city a . It is like triple the price to fix it now, so i'm not going to be able to make it home for thanksgiving .
i've been dating this girl for about a week and i decided to make a move and go in for a kiss while at the movies . On my way in my nose begins to itch but i don't bother to stop now. Wrong choice, my nose decides to explode in all it's fury...right...on...her...face...she wipes her face, backs up, and we both just stand there .
The last thing i remember is playing a game of kings cup with her and then boom blackout drunk . At some point my friend put on boxing gloves and challenged me to a fight . The rest of the story is what i'm told not what i remember . My friends put me in bed and shaved my eyebrows off .
It turns out nobody on reddit understands sarcasm, even when it's blatantly obvious . So just a quick tifu: tried to be funny to an audience that's too high and mighty for comedy . The incident was about military time, but it happens a lot more often then you'd think .
Life has been hectic for my partner and me recently . We had begun referring to their upcoming day together as 'marathon sex day' The next thing i know, it's sixteen hours later and i stumble to the bathroom to see this: http://i.com/std1rcy.jpg .
i stepped behind my friend to get to another machine, not realising he had started running . i hit the deck like a 70kg fish after flopping in the air, much to the amusement of the girls using the cross-trainers behind me . i am proud however to say i finished my workout if a little distracted .
Now its burned and tastes funny. now its burned, tastes funny . Now it tastes funny and now tastes funny, now it's burned and tasted funny. Now it's not the first time you need to be burned and burned. now your burned and taste funny.\u2019.
Because of some priority issues when registering for classes, i have to build up units so i can move up and take the classes i need to transfer with my major . Unfortunately, an online class is all reading and worksheets . The class just took a dive and i ended up not turning in most of the work .
i forgot that i had gone back into the house to take keys . My dad works in a hospital and there is no excuse for being late unless it's something like a car accident, death in family, etc. The hospital's emergency room department always needs people to be working. My dad shows up to work two hours late, gets humiliated by his supervisor .
The third delivery's alil heavy, and wet on the bottom, but i think nothing of it, have delivered before and it wasn't that heavy or wet . The bottom collapsed right above my middle console. The soups all explode getting fucking everywhere. My cup holders became won ton baths for my phone .
His brother and sister-in-law were moving out and the doors were locked with the keys inside . The water still on in the locked and empty house, we jumped on it . When the door slams open, i quickly turn off the water and turn off it .
The pump-cart was moving materials around a job site . The cart picked up momentum about a quarter of the way down the ramp and i knew it was going to take me with it, so i jumped out of the cart . Luckily, only muscle damage, no broken bones, and didn't tear the artery near his ankle .
i had 2 $50 bills to cover the cost of the $60 game . But when we got into the car, i checked my pocket and my money was gone . i went back and check wal-mart (no doubt someone else took it when i dropped it) and in a desperate attempt tried to search in best buy...nothing .
The shoe got caught on the handle and ripped it off of my foot . i now sit here with one shoe on and i refuse to leave till after everyone else . i will drive my one shoe'd ass home and drink heavily in honor of my fallen comrade \"lefty\"
My girlfriend's family is out of town for the week . While my girlfriend was at work, i decided to hop on the internet for a little while . As i left, a zippo lighter on the counter, it's one of those \"nanny cam's\" that people leave to make sure that the person they've got at their house isn't stealing or something .
A few days ago i was at a car dealership, submitting his application for a loan that he would send to the bank . The bank wants to give me the loan, but first they want my 2012 w2 form and my last two pay stubs . But after looking at them all... i realized that i made only about 12,000 last year, before i started making tips .
i applied to target and instead of taking the first interview available, i told them i couldn't make it . Now i am back in the applicant pool. Now i can't take the job interview with target instead of going to the first available interview available . Now you can't apply to target, i've applied to the job .
The only thing that beats the flying cockroach is the fact that huge-scale flying cockies also exist . i've always hated cockroach, and even though one tried his best moves, i stand up for the first time, i said, and i tried to get it out of my mind .
Someone approaches, being friendly, trying to bring up talking points for the better part of a half hour . In my sleep deprived stupor, i realize about an hour later they were trying to flirt and really kick myself for my behaviour . It's never a great feeling when someone doesn't reciprocate in social situations, so i feel really bad .
i just finished school up (i'm on the quarter system) and came back home . Yesterday my cousin hit me up to go to the bars with him . She starts flirting with me, telling me i'm cute. we go into the furniture shop, and proceed to drink beers . i wake up in the morning to discover i pissed myself on a couch .
The apartment row has been transferred to the management of a faceless corporation that is four hours away in the next major city . When i moved in, the owners lived nearby and the owners moved to florida, i believe . Now i got a second citation, telling me i have an unauthorized animal on the premises that is making a mess and causing damage .
i was dropping my friend off at her house after a very good gym workout . After many efforts of trying to get myself unstuck, my friend called upon her father to tow me out. halfway through this process, he notices that my back wheels were making skid marks. This was strange, as my toyota allion is a front wheel drive car .
The biggest blister i've ever seen sprouting from my middle toe . 4 days later, i find my fiance's dull pocket knife and go at it . i'm now sitting at the urgent care getting it stitched up (it was under all the skin and they had to remove some of the skin)
Two friends of mine are jayne and david, both actors, and they happen to be romantically entwined . The two of them share an unspoken conversation, entirely with their eyes and facial expressions . Finally, david turns to me awkwardly and reluctantly says; \"Yeah, not anymore, steve.\" \"after all, you're *her* man-friend!\"
op is currently in the hospital suffering from severe intestinal blockage . The friend of op's friend, op, is currently suffering from intestinal blockages . Op's friend is in hospital with severe intestinal blockingage and can barely even move . Op is currently being treated for severe blockage in hospital .
i live in a manufactured home (fancy term for a doublewide) and we have a wooden deck on the house . Because of the bowing, the grill fell and one of the charcoals fell out without me realizing it . So i set the grill back up without seeing the still-hot coal .
My boyfriend and i are getting ready to lay down and he tells me to make the bed . As i am moving the covers around, i notice what looks like a small box, a small ring box . Apparently he thought i was going to propose to him too because he really didn't know what it was .
\"ok, i don't know how i forgot\" when i fell off the bed and was lying on the floor . The next thing is to be shared with the two other guys in the office . i fell from the bed, and i felt like \"this is the best orgasm i've had\"
asked if she could give me a bj with her butt . Currently single. currently single. yay! Currently currently single, currently single . Asked if she was on the phone with her mom, didn't know she was talking to her mom about her phone call .
The \u00a313 upgrade turned into an \u00a380 new windscreen . The wiper arm fell back down and i smashed my windscreen on the road . It was \u00a313 ($35) for a set of two windscreen wipers . The first wiper went on no issue, it was a breeze of wind .
i'm in a fraternity, and i am now going to transfer schools because of this incident . i can never tell my parents what really happened and hopefully they will never find out. It was actually like two weeks ago. It's actually like a two-week ago .
An 18-year-old decided to test his colon's absorption ability . He decided to put vodka in a shot of vodka in one of those tiny rum bottles and a straw . The straw is tearing his ass a new asshole, so i bend over on his knees and let gravity pull some air in . After taking the bottle out, it slips out and a splash of anus burning liquid follows before i clamp down .
i was told that after i had fallen asleep i got up and walked out of my room, completely buck naked in front of my house mates and sat down at my computer desk in what would be a dining room area . My house mates looked on in awe at just how boldly i pissed in said paper bag . Thankfully she cleaned it all up and my housemates are cool about it, just getting a laugh out of it .
17 hours later and my eye is still red and stinging . 17 hours after i filled my contact case with cleaning solution instead of the cleaning solution . This morning i put in my right lens and experienced the most intense burning sensation i have ever felt . The first time i will ever make that mistake, and last time i made that mistake .
my dad was in an accident recently and he hasn't had a decent laptop in a while . i decided to sync his phone to add the music to the itunes library . There were my mother's damn damn nudes, multiple of them . There's not enough bleach to get rid of that sight .
A month ago, i forgot i had bananas, i moved the fresh bananas onto a shelf, mostly out of view, figuring i'd put them back and then never did . The bananas dissolved into the aluminum, ruining the finish on the dish, and worst of all, fruit flies are flying everywhere in my kitchen .
When i was 7 or 8, i used to hold in my poops because i thought it felt good . As i loved my gamecube and didn't want to get up, mostly stuck them underneath my carpet . My nanny would come and clean the carpet, suspecting that one of our dogs pooped in there .
i've been feeling really sick recently and haven't been able to eat very much . So i decided to make supernoodles and eat them and everything is good and i'm feeling fine, and so off i go to bed and i get straight to sleep . But then i smell the demon and it's so bad that i threw up all over the bathroom floor .
The month of return also changed without me knowing it . The ticket happens to be non-refundable and non-changeable . The airline says they had been having glitches with the website . We ended up canceling the transaction through the credit card company and purchasing a new ticket was about $250 more .
i was at a restaraunt (not fancy by any means...in fact, it was just an applebee's) and i felt that feeling you only get when you have a shit on its way . In the stall (first covering the seat with toilet paper for my bottom, and placing some in the potty as well so it doesn't *plop*) i take my squat and let out the most disappointing airy acoustic that could ever leave my bum .
i knew it was going to be awful, because i never get sick with mild things . My sister stays home with me because she just doesn't want to go to lunch . After five heaves later, there are two slices of pizza in the tub, with identifiable parts .
i was sitting in my seat with my mom when i felt the urgent need to pee . When suddenly the whole bathroom shakes from the plane hitting some 'unexpected' turbulence which sent my urine everywhere, the wall, my trousers, my brand new shirt, and all over the floor .
i didn't know she had a boyfriend, until she told me, but she said we could still be friends . After a while, we decided to meet up as friends, but i noticed it was incredibly uncomfortable, tense and frosty . i feel like i've just made a good friendship incredibly awkward, i don't think i can ever speak to her again .
i decided it was a good time to take a pregnancy test (i'm breastfeeding and my period has decided to disappear) i decided to use a small, shallow bowl that i previously used to store homemade scrub in . Instead of turning on a light stream of tap water, my fumbling hand flipped the switch to the topmost position, creating a full force gush of water hitting the bowl, hitting the tiny bowl, spraying its (undiluted) content everywhere .
i was eating some habanero with a friend . i squeezed it a bit and a little drip flew in to my eye . It took ~6 hours and a lot of washing to get the pain out of my eye, i tell you. That was the reddest i've ever seen my eyes!
The cat, in her infinite wisdom, decided to comfort me in her usual way by walking up my body to roll on my face . In that split second, her tongue was dragged across my eyeball with the pain of a thousand really painful things . i've never flushed my eye so hard it burned so much it burned .
The longest piss of my life... with people watching . Drunk about 15 shots of shitty rum, not super excessive but nonetheless got me blasted . Drunked about 15 shot of shit rum, drank about 15 times, not excessive but got him blasted . Said Mormons to a group of them walking in and proceeded to douse a random car, hood, trunk, windows, etc.
A director who is well known was asking me about my age (turning 18 in a month) When asked why, i make the joke (word for word): \"is it relevant to anything not creepy? i figured i'd ask since you bring it up at such an odd hour\" He called me rude and said good night .
i've been feeling like i'm not important to my girlfriend and its been bugging me because when i brought it up with her she just brushed it aside . Apparently the reason she didn't text me was because her grandma died . Now i talked to her today and learned that she is mad at me, i can't do anything to earn her forgiveness .
i felt a popping sensation in my left shoulder, followed by immediate pain . This had happened to me a total of 3 times before, over the course of approximately the last 3 years . Usually, it pops back in by itself within 20 minutes or so, so i thought i could just wait it out .
i don't have any attraction to men, but prostate stimulation turns me on a lot . While no one else was home i had some me time, washed my toys and then left them to dry . Left my door open, with my bedroom lights on, and the dildo and plugs proudly displayed right in front of the open door .
Playing an online game in a group with someone who says something in broken english . Me being the typical sarcastic guy say, \"is that even english?\" immediately followed by \"i didn't mean that as an insult... just joking\" The guy types back, \"sorry can't type well brain damage in the language part of the brain\"
This is the story about how i serenaded a stranger in the bathroom with the national anthem . i of course, in turn, responded, \"*o, canadaaaaa,*\" because i know those words to the song and those words only . i just rinsed my hands and fled out in shame .
A friend of mine sells me \"stuff\", so i wanted to buy some \"stuff\" so i called him to meet him at his mom's house . As i went downstairs, i hear talking coming from the back yard pool . No trace of his friend, Trevor Trevor, who was supposed to go to his mother's home .
i just procured a pretty swank microphone and headphone set-up for a podcast i'm taking part in . It happens to be my ex-girlfriend, of a call from months ago . But, she'd already hung up, so i'll leave her be . She and i have remained on amiable terms, but it's kind of distanced .
i'm not a very girly-girl and usually don a sweatshirt during the day for class or for running errands . But today i decided i was going to try and spice it up and wore a cute shirt and a scarf . Afterwards, i decided it might look good to wrap my scarf around my neck once . flipped it casually around the neck and ended up smacking me in the face .
A friend was watching a movie on his xbox last night . Pop up on his screen was a picture of a naked woman . The girl in the nude was his 20 or 21 year old sister who had sent her fiance a nude that managed to get picked up by the xbox's wireless adapter .
i seem to be alone in enjoying the act of sneezing . The more powerful the sneeze, as far as i'm concerned, is something i got from my father . i try to help it along by looking into a light, voicing a large \"a-a-atchoo!\"
i was trying to help her with something and she ended up getting a virus and slowing her computer down . She said she had anti-virus software and didn't want me messing up her computer anymore . i know i screwed it up and it's my fault, but i think i know how to help, but she doesn't want it .
This was my first pair of prescription eyeglasses, and i only owned them for a week, and then i lost them . After putting them in my bag, they were nowhere to be found afterwards . The worst part of the scenario was disappointing my parents. Hopefully my parents will forget by then .
The 4-year old 19\" acer monitor i got as a gift from my older brother by smashing my mouse while a throwing fit . So as of today, that being march 23rd 2013, i damaged my monitor . The 21-year-old \"kid\" who still goes to \"school\"
A month ago, i'm with my friend who i'll refer to as phil, a friend who will be 20 years old . The cops pulled me over because i wasn't smart and didn't turn on my hazards to try and indicate i was going to find a safer place to pull off' Instead i drove past an intersection first with cruiser on me before pulling off on a side street . After a relatively brief stop of an hour and a half, the cops let my friend phil and i got a $120 ticket .
Some friends and i decided to go out and get stupid at a free drinks night at a bar near my apartment . In my stupor, i go up to him and moonwalk with him, and ask why he walks off . One of the bar tenders calls me over, and he gets mad, and defensive, and i'm sitting there like, shit i feel bad .
After a powerhour at his apartment, everyone was feeling pretty good, including me . As i ordered my beer, i felt a fart coming and decided it would be okay to let a silent bomb off . However, i had underestimated all the carbonation from earlier resulting in a fart, which was quickly followed by some watery poop .
Smoke-me notices other roomie smoker watching tv . He offers him a smoke and set it in-between us, on couch where it will not be disturbed for a few minutes . He says he'd rather it not be on the couch, i agree, grab it and it slips . The tray itself only has a bit of ash but they fall just close enough .
i was driving back to my house with my two young kids in the backseat . For some reason i decided to inhale while swallowing while driving 40 mph . My lungs pretty much said nope and shut down and i gasped for air . Luckily the children didn't feel/hear it, so they didn't ask .
i took a large jug of it, without noticing i took the cap off and went for a few gulps... then i looked. It was moldy apple juice. Now i'm sitting here feeling like i need to vomit but i can't . i'm just scarred for life now, learn from my mistake .
i was 14 and was hanging out with a friend walking around the woods behind our neighborhood . We came across a 4x4 raised sewer drain and decided that we could catapult stuff off it using the sweet board we found . The 2x4 came flying up and crashes into my skull .
i got up early this morning to cook my fianc\u00e9 breakfast . After finishing up, i put it on a plate and left the kitchen . There was the stove top, still cooking, 12 hours later, and there was a stove top still cooking . Neither of us passed it all day .
An extremely attractive counter worker (let's just call him matt) makes coffees . The employee taking orders orders tells him to get my pumpkin bread, to which he replies \"no\". i giggle as he gets the bread, he looks up and says \"oh, but if it's for jazziedax, of course.\"
A guy on craigslist was selling a 1982 mercedes benz 240d 4spd with a \"blown engine\" The pictures looked good so i went and checked it out, because he only wanted $650 and anyone that knows me knows i'm a sucker for w123s . He then came up to me and said the car was no longer for sale .
The groom went scuba diving and got sunburnt like a racoon, so we nicknamed him like that, the racoon (in english) as with many nicknames, \"coon\". 18 of us in a cruise ship with 50% of black people, all wearing tshirts with the word coon in capital letters .
After work, i invited a friend over after work, she got a snapchat from a girl she's been talking to and occasionally fooling around with for a few weeks . At some point, she mentioned that she had never actually had an orgasm unless she did it herself--and that she'd never been with a girl . At the time i got a picture back of me and my friend, apparently she thought my friend was hot .
The tombstone was blown over to his house by the wind . It was one of my tombstones that ended up on his lawn . The irony, the irony, was the man who fell to his death . He fell to the ground and his arm was ripped to shreds .
i wanted to do really good on this upcoming project due monday (today) so i broke my back and spent alllll sunday working on this goddamn powerpoint . She's also an extremely picky grader . i better get a 100 on this shit, so i had to present this monster to the class .
Use ctrl+r to bring up your \"run command\" bar, it will refresh the page . Don't use ctrl-r to make sure you can refresh your page . It will be used to refresh the site and refresh its page . Use the page to refresh your browser and refresh your site .
Landlady thought we weren't going to renew their lease(november 15th), we told her, but she had scheduled a tour and our upstairs neighbours are leaving. Today we were just so hungover we left it, she walked into an apartment with beer bottles, solo cups, ashtrays, a box of wine, 5 pizza boxes, a coffee table full of empty chinese containers, cigarette butts, two bongs and more bottles . Apparently she opened the door, looked around to see if any of us were home, and got the fuck out before the tour could come .
My car is having issues and i am a broke college student . Got into a fight over the differential treatment my brother and i have received . My sister-in-law then bitched me out saying i was an ungrateful and spoiled and that i was throwing a tantrum on fb airing my dirty laundry .
i tried to stop myself from peeing squeezed my dick, and tried to catch the toilet seat all at once . The pee built up, tried to shoot out, and i literally felt it build up inside my dick . It's been about 12 hours since this has happened and it is killing me .
30 people all sharing a troft type sink is a bit of a clusterfuck . After painting and shit, we start to pack up the room, including the paint brushes and what not. Then i see this bottle, half full of liquid sitting in the sink . So i poured half a bottle of turps into the sink and on people's hands/arms .
People sent in gossip about anything related to the school to ask.fm, then i tweeted them . People started trying to figure out who i was, so i gave more hints . When they said it's obviously you, i told them . i just wanted attention, i never get any. why? idk. i wanted attention .
My husband and i live with her while we get back on their feet . When i came home i find that the box of hot pockets isn't in the freezer anymore and there is a single hot pocket sitting in there . When asked if she had eaten any of the hot pockets she asked, \"Yeah, i had two, or three?\" she stood there for a second and then asked \"why?\" The next time i saw her in passing (we have opposite work/sleep schedules) i asked in the most polite way i could, \"oh alice, i was curious if you've eaten any\" hot pockets?\"
A long-distance girlfriend sent him a dirty snapchat picture or her in just her underwear . After about 3 seconds of it connecting me to her, i see her dad looking thoroughly disgusted . The camera on your face when you are trying to facetime someone, so that your girlfriend's dad doesn't see your dong .
17-year-old high school student has been working at wendy's for around 8 months . Manager, we'll call him jay, has a 2012 ford mustang club of america edition . He often let's me drive his hot ride and sometimes uses it as a bribing tool to get me to come in on my day off and work for him .
i made out with a for the first time when we were high on friday, and again when she was, but i wasn't high, on sunday . B, being a horny teenager, wanted to make out with me so fuck it, why not? So i kissed c too, so i kissed him too .
The sofa-bed turned out to be a single, as there were some religious holidays . A week later, i arranged for the sofa to be taken out, but lost the receipt for the soa-bed to be removed . The sofa is now a single bed, and the bed is hard to move .
i decided i really wanted to catch up on a show at work today . i kept getting weird looks from everyone who walked by my office . Finally my phone rang and i took my headphones off without pausing my show and realized the show was playing out of my speakers also .
A few years back in a college biology class . The water i did indeed drink in around 3 seconds had half a bottle of eye drops in it . What happened for the next 12 hours on any person. violent throwing up, explosive diarrhea, and the worst headache of my life .
The server admin guy thought i was ready to take charge of production deployment . The process should have taken about an hour or so, but after 2 hours and no results, i needed help . By 1:45 am, i doze off, spooning my computer, i get a call at 5:30 from the cio, freaking out about the website .
Google chromebooks have no recovery option . Blog and weight loss journey over the past 8 months is completely gone . Apparently, apparently, google chromebook has no . recovery option! I'm an idiot!! I'm a . idiot, I'm not an idiot, says my blog and my blog .
i got my paycheck from my job and then proceeded to deposit it using an electronic deposit app for my bank on my phone . The deposit went through the next day but said it was on a 7 day hold . i asked if i could just take the check and cash it elsewhere since the hold was lifted .
i am a full-time student and am completely on my own when it comes to finances, and most likely will not be able to buy a new one any time soon as i am barely able to pay my rent each month, despite working 50-60 hours per week . The only place i saved the essay to was here was here .
An old friend from high school who i barely talk to high school classmate . \"You can make really good money in pharmacy. It blows my mind,\" says the pharm school teacher . 20 min later. No response to the response from the conversation . \"That's a hole that's hard to dig out of of a hole\"
they were both in express packages and i accidentally swapped labels before affixing them . Source: i work at a ups store. source: Both were both express packages but i accidentally exchanged the labels for affix them before affording them to affix it to the labels .
A few months ago, i was in a group video project with a kid who had to go church every weekend and could only meet up after school on week days . One of the kid's friends awkwardly told me \"dude his mom is dead\" i felt like total shit until lunch when i could find the kid and tell him that i sincerely was sorry .
i'm taking a culinary class in school, because i absolutely suck at cooking . The teacher assigned us to make our own version of the scones, with our own added bacon bits on top . One girl just starts crying. They were that bad, one girl starts crying .
i got drunk before i went to bed last night, one of my favorite shows (american horror story) started its new season and i saw that as a reason to celebrate (who am i kidding?  i'm an alcoholic.), so i got some drinks and got shitty, then passed out . After peeing, i saw a figure in my living room, crouched down on the floor, and i slur, \"what'rrrre you doinnng babe?\"
i like to add a bit of humour to some of my posts and earlier today i'd written something about the most popular dishes in the uk . The really fat guy in the office walked past my desk, scowled at me and carried on his merry way . Just went about my day, happy as larry until ten minutes ago .
The back window was destroyed because something fell on it . The car is now on it's way to the dealer waiting for nissan to import the new back window . It has to be manufactured somewhere because the car is 16 years old and they don't make it anymore .
i just ripped off a medium sized one, about half a thumb and shoved it in my mouth biting bits off as i go . After about 5-10 seconds it got hot, and hotter until my lips and throat were burning so much i ran into the kitchen and drunk a whole pint of milk .
i woke to find him being sick just inches from my head . His dog vomit went over the red quilt by the side of my bed as well as the sheets on it . So i put them in the wash, not realizing that i've never washed the silk quilt with the sheets before!
The whole back lawn has weed here and there so i thought, \"why not just spray the whole lawn\" After about an hour of going over about 80% of the lawn with weed killer, he walked out and asked what i was doing, he flipped a chair and walked back inside and into his room . He calmly explained to me that weed killer kills grass too .
The locksmith left the keys inside there....boom, 180 bucks, gone . Before i called the locksmith to open my cardoor because my dumbass left my keys inside inside there . The keys inside were left in the keys, and 180 bucks were gone, so i called a locksmith .
My uncle had been trying to get a company to pick up his idea for an airline company that he and other people had an idea for . The meeting was in the met life building near the twin towers . right after he finishes pitching the idea he just looks at all of the business men, who are in complete shock, and says \"so i'm going to take that as a no...\"
For the past 5 years i've been ill between new years and christmas eve . This year has been to good for me for it to keep going . Threw up both vomit and blood through both my nose and mouth . Wore brand new underwear, and brand new pjs i got for christmas .
i'm on holidays in germany and there was nobody else home so i figured it'd be good to knock one out . The video cut out about half way through and i couldn't get my connection back . It was only at that point that i realised i'd spent all my credit on 5 minutes of porn .
My family and i are hispanic. We live in a middle class all white neighborhood . After renting a movie, my dad goes to unlock the car, we hear the locks unlock and we go in... then it hits us like a pile of scented roses... we are in the wrong car . The guy who owns the car we were currently in comes out comes out and his eyes got as wide as dinner plates .
My wife's friend \"jan\" came to stay with us for a week . When i was suspicious of why only one dog was watching me eat, i discovered him nosing through her pile of dirty (but folded) clothes . The next day, i decided to go to the next best thing, my wife's panties .
The 16-year-old used an old android phone to monitor servers in his office . When my sister got home she saw the phone, on a camera app, and absolutely flipped her shit . The phone sat in a little office organizer and just stayed plugged in, always watching . The servers got moved out but i forgot about the camera and stopped logging in .
reddit's many stories of people shitting during exercise were encouraging . When i went for a long run, i decided i'd go for a nice long run to dislodge the blockage . The road loops around my house in a four-mile circle and i've run it many times before without incident .
He mistook his background for the confederate flag for the gbr flag . He was very offended and it was painfully awkward while he showed me the video . The video was posted on Facebook on CNN.com/Heroes . Back to the page you came from .
After finishing the large bag of gummies i started to feel like my stomach was about to explode . Looking at the bag i realized they were vitamin fiber supplements . Now i mustve taken a 18 hour shit-time because now i have a giant red ring on my ass..
i had a trinidad scorpion moruga and a couple ghost chilies . Later i had to take a piss, forgetting i had handled these peppers with bare hands . My dickhole is currently feeling like what i would say is worse than getting kicked in the nuts .
a friend of mine and i are on a work trip in west texas and we decided to go to carlsbad caverns . About 10 seconds later, a guide walked around the corner and escorted us out of the caverns. about 10 seconds after being escorted out by a guide .
Earlier in the day, i deleted her from my contacts. Later, drunk, about 10pm, i realized i still have her in my recent facetime calls . Finally hang up, i shoot her an email saying it was an honest mistake, and hoping that her wedding was nice .
My husband sent his mother-in-law a birthday card early so i thought i'd hide it in a safe place till the big day . Unfortunately, this place was so safe that now i can't remember where it is and several hours of searching have failed to unearth it . Have promised to buy him anything he wants from amazon as long as he never tells his mother what i did .
My finance's mother died today and i'm a wedding photographer . i had to replace myself with another photographer for this weekend's wedding . She said \"i don't give a fuck who died!\" and hung up on me . Did i do something wrong or right by supporting my fianc\u00e9?
i was really attracted to my best friend (im a guy and shes a she). So i think about playing it cool, bombard past all her friends while listening to nero in my earphones . As the bass dropped i grabbed her by her sholdures and shook her saying \"would you go out with me?\" possibly one of the greatest fuck ups of my life .
i haven't been living too healthy after loosing my job . After being tired of feeling crappy, i stopped drinking anything but water, this resulted in caffeine withdrawals . After a few weeks of still feeling crappy i decided to take a multivitamin today on an empty stomach . Now i'm all jittery and shaky .
i applied at the grocery store for the bakery department . There wasn't an opening, and they needed a janitor. no problem, says i am witty, charming, honest about my work ethics and i know a little about motorcycles from working the backroom of an apparel, helmet and parts store . The pharmacy manager applauded her on picking up the work faster than almost anyone else he hired, making her confidence in her training approach stronger .
The stream perfectly hit a banana and splashed onto my thigh . After much cursing and running of cold water, waiting to see if its worse then the worst way to wake up ever . The stream hits a banana, and splashes onto his thigh, and part of his hand too .
i went out to a show and had a blast, too much of a blast . This morning (i think) i made my way home with a friend . somewhere in the two mile trip i lost my phone . It has my entire life inside of it, not mention some photos that i would rather not be seen by anyone else .
reddit thought you could use a laugh at my stupidity for the last few days . There is a girl i really like and care for we shall call her nikki since she is a redditor also . When we do talk, my stupid ass vents to her about a half naked women roaming my house .
i went around, he didn't see me and kept walking . His foot hit mine, he was caught off guard, he spilled coffee on his shirt . i turned around and apologized, not really knowing what to say . For some reason i don't feel bad b/c i think people should be walking down the hallways .
i rode my bike to my house to get some money when i was with friends . As i'm going back across i don't look both ways and didn't see any oncoming traffic . When i'm almost across the street a car hit me on my brand new cannondale trail 7 . The car ripped off the back wheel the car had no damage .
So i work as a level 1 it help desk/computer repairs technician for a small company . My boss is a woman in her early 40's, and she was having router troubles at home . 20 seconds later an old man answers the doorbell, he looks about 65-years-old .
i went to a park nearby to watch the fireworks . While we went back to a concert that took place a few hundred meters away i felt something under my shoe . i don't know what i was expecting but i felt i could put this disturbing stone or whatever away with my hand just to find out that i stepped into dogshit and i had it on my hand .
When you leave your computer, you log out of your phone so you don't receive calls . Two minutes later, my phone had received a call while i was gone . My mic was muted and i, panicked, ended the call, so the person would just assume the line was dead .
After looking back on it realized how dumb this was. so to put a little setting, was on my girlfriend's bed, about to receive head (or whatever else you want to call 3rd base). Being the mature shit i am, i saw a sealed bottle of vanilla coca-cola next to her bed, and that my flies were undone . After a bit of 'penis' touching, she decided to open the cap . Within a few seconds, both my girlfriend and i, along with her bed and some of her clothes were covered in vanilla coke .
The long-time-with-nosex feeling came to my mind like a trigger, and sure, she's hot, not the hottest but definitely hot . We were nude, about to seal the deal, and here is when i stopped! i felt this awfull sensation that what we were doing wasn't entirely pleasant .
An hour after i got off work, i got a call from jay's mother, who was very angry since this was supposed to be a surprise . The picture was taken in snapchat, a smart phone app where you can send pictures that can only be viewed for 1-10 seconds .
My dad grew up as a poor black kid in a shit part of the bronx ny, and self-emancipated himself at a very young age . After a tour in Vietnam he received a surprise visit from his sister, posing as a customer, and flirting with him . After 19 years, i received a phone call from my aunt - she's in town on business and would love to get together .
\"uhuh...i need plan b, please.\" \"oh,\" he replied, \"the ultimate party drug\" \"oh, he replied,\" \"oh\" he replied to \"party drug\" The \"ultimate party drug,\" says he replied . \"oh...i have been working with a local artist whom i really admire and have had a solo show for myself in the upcoming months\"
i tried to talk to a girl on the train nearly every day to and from the train . As she moved her bag, i put on headphones, listened to tussle, wallowed in self-styled and fell asleep . The only chance i will ever have to speak to her, she says .
woke up turned on the shower and came to find a movie to watch got distracted and two hours later remembered i had turned the hot water . Two hours later i remembered i'd turned on hot water and realized i'd had turned on a hot water two hours after remembering i had been showering .
saw my friend leave some peanuts on the table and the thought occurred to me that i've never actually tried one before . decided to try one and now i have hives . The peanuts were left on a table at the end of the day . Now i has hives.
The white bull terrier he keeps at the shop named mohawk is always dirty, but still friendly . As most pent up dogs would, he loves to chase a tennis ball . As soon as he hit the road, he was dragged out of view to the right, where the semi truck shuddered to a stop .
i could have had a date tonight, tonight and possibly much more, since she is moving away in a week . After everyone walked, i came across my friend of several years, and gave me the most passionate hug i've ever been given . She was moving away from high school graduation .
i was doing such a good job of holding it in, but just as i neared the building, i couldn't help but open up the flood gates . To add to embarrassment, i ran into a couple people (who were nice enough to just stare and not say anything) after which i ran up to my place cloaked in misery .
i told my friend someone thought she looked pregnant and now she feels like shit . Then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me.me. fml fml . i told her friend a friend thought she was pregnant. She now feels like she feels 'shitty'
i love parmesean cheese so much, i opened the wrong end of this article . The pareseeseese cheese is so much that i opened it wrong end to the end of the cheese . [i love parsean cheese] so much i opened a wrong end.]
Dusty's leg was ripped off and he bled out behind the tree a few feet from our front door . i thought little of it because i assumed he had enough sense to stay away from cars . When i tried to pet him and he ran into a little strip of trees that separate the (busy) road from our house .
'bra comes before coffee,' says the bra comes before getting ready in the morning . While i poured myself a hot cup of coffee, while i poured himself a hot drink of coffee . The bra comes first before bra comes to the end of the day, she says . She says that when you're getting ready she comes first .
My dog tends to chew things, usually things that i love, shoes, movies, exercise equipment . The bottom of his kennel slides out and rockets dog shit down the stairs, all over the cement and grass below . This is when it's starting to get bad, the poop is splooshing out over the sides of the cage and leaving a long, yellow trail .
Students at a school are doing a fundraiser for starving children . Pictures of an african baby being held up by hands comes up . Everyone near me was cringing and they looked pissed . i was literally in tears. Everyone near my class was cringed and looked pissed.
Blood pouring out of my face from everywhere,  on the floor of a famous art gallery . managed to almost break my nose; also slightly damage my septum piercing and my monroe and bust my bottom lip . Refused to take an ambulance because i don't have health insurance... can't afford a medical alert bracelet for my undiagnosed condition .
The knob to turn on the gas should be located on a sink next to the faucets for the water . One day i needed to wash my hands, so i went to one of the sinks and turned the knob for the gas and it was wide open, having a hearing problem, i never heard the hiss of gas escaping .
pci-e slots have a plastic retaining clip holding in the video card . i unscrewed it, tried to pull it out and it wouldn't come out . Card works ok though though . i'll make sure the card is screwed in tight, hopefully it will be ok .
i'm sick of being a half a zombie anymore, so i stayed up the entire night last night and went through my day . Now it's 3 am and i'm not even tired.  what the hell body...i have work starting in 4 and a half hours.
After work, one of my supervisors offered to drive her 1 hour home . As i was getting ready to exit the car, my bladder burst and i began to pee . She noticed the wet spot on the seat on the car . She thought it was water so she cleaned it herself when she got home .
\"i'm so sexually attracted to you,\" she said in a drunken encounter . The story of why i started wearing underwear again is beyond the scope of this tale . \"Stacy has been nicknamed the band \"the banditititout\" is nicknamed \"the makeout bandit out\"
i thought i would be funny reading a website whitemilkpower.com in front of my friend . When my teacher saw it and picks up my computer and starts to read . He explains that he didn't even need to read a lot to see that this was extremely racist and unacceptable .
i was wearing maternity jeans that went under my belly, not over, which was my first mistake because i have no ass . There i was standing in the middle of a busy store with my pants around my ankles, looking humiliated and confused . A handful of non-pregnant women stopped to stare at me .
This week, i decided to see how visible my chub was when i flexed my dick muscle from underneath the massage blanket . i've been seeing this girl every other week for 4-5 months . She gives an hour for 30 dollars and i tip her 20 every time . The extra tips feel much more deserved knowing that she's had to deal with my boners all these months .
i was walking out of walmart when i saw a really attractive woman walking across my field of vision from left to right . As i walked to the parking lot, i completely miss the car that was coming because the truck blocked my peripheral vision, and his vision of me . Luckily i didn't get injured .
i work at a restaurant chain such as friendly's, and i'm sweeping and mopping the floor . Throughout the day i've been cutting little farts here and there because it happens . This corn induced chemical air bomb eviscerates my asshole, silently but more than deadly . i smell it and about vomit .
The story is about a trip to the river with friends and friends . The river was a natural slide that took a minute or two to power swim up it . The exit was blocked by small rocks and branches, maybe a baby would make it through . The current is very swift and strong, and the current is a strong current .
There were no eggs at any shop i went to . Happy easterterter, happy easter.com . Happy Easter with family. Happy Easter Day . Happy Happy Happy Easter, Happy Happy Dancerancer.com/dessert . Happy DETAILIL on Facebook .
i bought an old all-in-one pc (imac g3) for like $10 and i was planning on using it as a music player . When playing dubstep through it, it immediately sounded distorted and as if it was a horrible quality speaker . Now every track with even the slightest amount of bass sounds terrible .
My laptop was in the hands of a more technologically savvy friend after an unfortunate virus . i pressed ctrl+shift+t to open a new tab, but accidentally opened the recently closed tab . Let's just say i learned way too much about what kind of porn he was into .
i rent; lived in the place a few years. got a letter a week earlier saying a house inspection would happen in the morning at about 9:30 . The real estate agent has a key but i set an alarm and aimed to be up and ready anyway . Woke up at midday with my bedroom door open, and found the agent's card on the kitchen bench .
Recently, the heat in my house has been malfunctioning causing a cold discomfort anywhere outside my bed where i can remain covered in a pile of blankets . When i came across a few nude images and that caused me to have a desire to ferociously masturbate . After heating up some lubricant in my microwave to keep my genitals at a warmer temperature and thought it would feel good .
i didn't notice the sign or the sidewalk which had a 24 min only painted on it because it was so dark outside . i come back to my car 40 minutes later and there it was, a shiny white envelope with a $50 fine . i feel so idiotic, and i'm unemployed right now so i don't have the money to pay the damn damn things .
i currently work in a it-consultant firm where we use skype as our main form of communication . When my manager asks if i can participate in conference call with my boss and some of the upper management, i tell him that i'm on my personal computer, but can add me by using my name as username . Now my boss is kinda pissed, and hr possibly wants to talk with me soonish .
i chopped a bunch of wood, stacked it inside, and a fire in my stove to heat my little house at 8000 ft in colorado . Normally my stove is completely odorless, but it wasn't much, just like some incense . An hour later, i'm woken by a second fire alarm the house is full of smoke .
After pulling an all-nighter studying for exams, i decided to take my sleeping medicine (restoril) at 11 am. After i slept for a little while, my body must have decided to wander around the fraternity house and accept whatever everyone was doing . Apparently while i was on the way to mcdonalds i was convinced my parents were with us and i had to make sure they got out of the car . After i ordered, i attempted to order a drink again not once, but three times .
Last night i attended my bar's christmas party . My coworker, who i am very good friends with, and i decided to head back to her apartment to drink until the sun comes up . She asks me to drive her to the other side of the complex to knock on her friend's door . An hour later my coworker wakes me up with breakfest .
i meant it as a joke, like, well, you're a dumb ass, but let's figure it out . i think it came across that i was immature and just an asshole . So i will try to do better tomorrow, says i will do better today .
The first time i did secret santa in reddit, so i didn't knew exactly what the deal was, and stupidly put my username in the cards of the gifts of my giftee, i mean, i screw the shit out of the \"secret\" santa .
i'm with my current girlfriend, and i love her very much, and very attracted to her in every way . While she was at work, i decided to check up on an ex-gf just to see how she was doing . This escalated into her sending me nudes and i didn't want them to stop .
My two brothers were working and my parents got a flat tire on the way home from work . Since i was home alone i took advantage and played music loud, played video games and ate junk food . Then i had the brilliant idea of shaving my ass . Don't ask why i'm wtfing about it too .
A week in to work i am sent to a training facility for two weeks . The next day i notice my vehicle is almost completely empty of gas . The car sputters and stops running mid-road . Neither one of us have anyone to call and bail us out at the time .
If you're having sex behind an elementary school in the middle of the day, make sure you have the right hole . Actually, don't have sex behind elementary schools either. Actually, it's not the first time you've had sex behind a school in a day .
Yesterday was my first night at the university after a two-month vacation that felt like a fucking eternity . The worst hangover of my existence was the worst hangovers of my current existence . The hangover lasted for almost 13 hours, maybe even more . At the time, i was on the bathroom floor, only my shirt on, shit on the toilet, and cleaned up the rest of the evidence .
Over the course of 6 hours i ate 15 or 20 fiber gummies (amounting to 7-10 servings) i wasn't full after my small dinner . My roommates have the joy of seeing me stand up and go to the bathroom over and over again . In the end i decided it would be best to just stay in the fetal position in the bathroom .
i bought a motorcycle a week or so ago . While riding with a buddy and while idiotically speeding at over 160mph my backpack came open because i hadnt apparently closed it all the way . At least one of those documents have information that gives away my address . Unless i happen to happen, ill have to keep my bike in the livingroom of my apartment...on the 8th fucking floor via elevator .
A month ago, i'd just gotten out of a grueling couple weeks filled with 5 exams, a senior design project, and a handful of other projects . After a couple hours at the bars, we move to a house party and continue drinking (seemed like a good idea) \"To a drunk, what's better than stealing some shit? ain't nothin' better than that!!\"
i keep a gallon of water next to my bed that i drink and refill daily . Mid-gulp i could taste and then see the cloudy film that was being ingested... and then thought back to the violent bathroom experience i had then attributed to a hard night of drinking and the bad food that followed .
i wasn't even finished with the tasks that my managers assigned to me when i started getting that feeling in my gut of impending doom....and i just ran out without explaining to anyone . The only silver lining on this grey cloud is the fact that i was able to make it home in time to get to the bathroom .
Today i hung out with some friends, one of which was a newly acquainted (fairly attractive) fellow. went and found the bathroom and got down to business . Turned out, it was more massive than i thought. disregarding the copious amount of fecal matter, i flushed anyway . The next best thing i could find was an empty toilet paper roll .
i'm the head of set construction/ running crew for chicago:the musical . We have these things called \"flys\", which are weighted ropes that control bars running across the ceiling of the stage . It took 2 grown men plus 4 high school students just to get it all the way to the ground .
A half bag of semi-sweet chocolate is empty and on the floor . When i realized i had poisoned my dog, it smelled like someone died in there . My dog spews vomit whenever you try to move her . Now i'm stuck with a house that smells like shit and my dog keeps me awake .
i made too big of a deal out of it and i was not thinking right, wound up saying the wrong thing in the wrong place . It didn't wind up being too fun following that discussion, but all is well now . All is now well now, but i made a big mistake .
i'm a 6' tall 250lbs college senior . i tried to \"scrub\" the conditioner off of the tub with my feet . i landed on my ass with all my weight and created an alarmingly loud thud . The next time i fall, i lose 10pts off of my grade .
i'm in the middle of teaching the trial scene from tkamb when the zipper on my pants just splits open . Luckily, i'm holding my book so i make my way to my desk and grab a folder and tell my students that i forgot to deliver a very important message and ill be back shortly .
i'm enjoying a good ol' italian beef my mom cooked up, and being me, i like jalapenos and giardiniera and shit on my beef . Fast forward 10 minutes: i decide to wipe my hands on my jeans and give it a quick scratch, as i was in my room and no one was watching .
A few days ago, my current girlfriend and i are in secret from our school's annual talent show . When my mother asks me to walk down to the other building to grab a book my little brother left in his locker . The next day, as i'm walking from class to class, i see a bloody *il of blood from one building to class .
i don't know what i was thinking. we live in separate states right now . She asks me if i want to date while i'm over here, and i say no . When i tell her a day later that i made out with a girl that it all blows up in my face .
\"i don't know why i did it, but i let out an \"i love you\" after 3 months, i can actually say that i love her, and i don't want to lose her over this stupidity of mine. We've been together for 3 months. This apparently didn't help at all.
i'm italian, yet the whitest kid in my family. i discovered awhile back that i never sunburn, no matter what. i would go with friends to outside festivals or concerts without sunscreen on, and by the end my friends would be all burnt and i'd be completely fine . Luckily it's not the deadly kind, and it's only present on parts of my skin .
i am 5'2\". a lot of standard household activities involve standing on my tip toes, or at least getting a chair . When all of a sudden my rottweiler / lab mix gets excited about something he saw fall to the ground and bumps my leg . The almost boiling water spilled out from the lip of the bowl, *right onto my boob*.
i first noticed it yesterday. It was about mid-shaft and had a white head . The white did not come out and the redness only got worse . i decided that enough was enough, and that i was going to get rid of this thing, once and for all . i put it on a qtip and rubbed it all over the wound .
this girl and i are getting close to making out at a school competition . So i hint that i'd like to, and eventually we get to that point . She tells me then that she wants to make out because someone at her school today got in trouble for it . turns out she was a freshman .
i'm the family member people don't know exist; i moved away after graduation and only come home for dire situations . There's a slight hiccup, and my setting hits in, i'm in the house of the lord, in front of my parents, and i can feel every single eye on me .
In istanbul, the meter is always the same no matter what company the car is from . When i told him i wouldn't pay it, he started freaking out and saying \"don't go police!\" so i ended up paying 40 lev for a ride that should've been less than 10 lev .
i woke up late then went downstairs and noticed one of my cousins was outside smoking . Then i asked him \"where is your wife\", he looked at me funny and said \"...what?\" Then i raised my voice a little and said \"(wife's name), where is she?\", after a brief silence he said \"she is home with the kids\", afterwards i went inside not really paying attention to the conversation .
i'm on vacation in florida and i'm staying in my uncles apartment which coincidentally is right next to a nursing home . The sound didn't come out of my speakers so i unplugged them and after a few minutes i realized what had happened..i had connected to the wrong bluetooth speaker .
i'm a truck driver with a set route every day with little to no variation and being someone with bowels designed by satan himself, i kept track of where the cleanest, nicest bathrooms are on my route . Unfortunately i was not at one of my normal bathroom stops, and had to use one that was not totally comfortable with but this was an emergency .
The name of the seller was in chinese, emails about my order came from a few different email addresses and the site had some terrible reviews . At least it was only ~20\u00a3 and i paid by paypal so when my order very likely doesn't turn up i can get my money back .
The hosts father decided to use the bathroom before anyone else could go to it . The dad goes out of the bathroom, looks at us with a disapproving look, and walks away . The next person can now go to the toilet, but i curl up and go under the table .
i didn't shit myself, but my stomach felt incredibly bad and i got the hershey\u00ae squirts\u2122\u2122\u2122 . i still feel a little on edge, but i still feels a little bit on edge . The Hershey\u2122 squirts were squirts, and i still\u00a0feel\u00a0on edge .
i dumped the keys in the trunk of my subaru . Out came a dusty, rusty, dirty pile of old keys and a rusty kitchen knife (and some rocks) i got out so flustered that i got in the right car and drove away without thinking about them . To the person who found that abomination of rusty metal in their trunk: uhhhh... i can explain .
Sooooo my girlfriend couldn't meet up with me. i freaked out. i broke up with her. i'm a total idiot. she was fucking hot. She was a hot girl. Also told her i loved her after. Also, i told her he loves her after fml .
After lunch on my way back to work i realized in horror that a solid glop of liquid shit had come out . After saying goodbye to my lunchdate, i try to relieve some of the pressure by taking a much needed fart . Instead of relief i realize in horror the liquid shit came out .
i was bored so i went on omegle and added \"sexchat\" as an interest of mine . On my first spin, i wound up with a girl, who we will refer to as her/she. She agreed to strip down for me while i masturbated . All of the sudden the video chat ends, and i'm sitting here like, \"what the fuck just happened!\"
My boyfriend of over a year and a half was always secretive about his phone, this always bothered me a little, so while he was in the shower i got curious and decided to look at his texts . turns out he's been cheating on me . After sobbing like a baby i told him i was willing to stay with him and work through it .
After getting her off, she wants to stop as she's uncomfortable after hearing family moving about upstairs . After waiting for her go to sleep (she's a very deep sleeper), i whip out the computer and go to find something to fap to since i feel like doing it to a sleeping person seems too creepy, at which point she jumps out of bed crying and goes to sleep with her sister .
i just got the implusive feeling to get boozed at the most eventful time of the day . The teacher noticed that i wasnt okay so she told me to go to the nurse and i got busted . i had to go through all sorts of shit and had a special meeting with the principal .
The pizza hut employee did not say it was dominos so i figured i was ordering from ph.ocreocreocrei drive over to pizza hut (2 doors down from dominos) turns out they haven't gotten an order in the last hour . A waste of my $22 but whatever, i couldn't just let it go to waste .
It was my friend's girlfriend's pepper spray and she was pretty pissed for a while . The other guy, currently one of my roommates, was still sitting in the room with me . Everyone in the kitchen starts coughing, all their shits getting messed up too . The little burst i sent into the air is now finding its way into the rest of the house .
The back of this particular blow dryer has a metal mesh-like cap over an insane metal fan . This fan goes ridiculously fast and it's really powerful and it goes really powerful . It ripped a huge chunk of hair out and left countless chunks broken and split . The hair got sucked into that fan and got grossly stretched out and it ripped a **huge** chunk of\u00a0hair .
i mentioned how i wanted to kill myself to a friend, and he told my parents . The next time i'm thinking about killing myself, i wont tell anyone, i laughed . Today was my last counseling appointment, with my parents along to celebrate me doing better . i'm doing so well, in fact, that i'm in a calmer place than i was before .
At about 3:00 am i got a little tired, i was going to go back to his house, find a spot on the sofa and have a nice little sleep . At which point it was not in fact my friends house, the lady of the house had come downstairs to find a random man asleep on their sofa and then get her husband to throw me out .
Fianc\u00e9 \u2018gou\u2019 and i are going through some problems. gou was recently diagnosed with borderline personality disorder (bPD) BPD is a serious (but treatable) personality disorder marked by being highly sensitive to rejection and spending a lot of time thinking about and feeling afraid of possible abandonment .
i was hungover and tired and about to work a 7 hour shift . In my infinite wisdom i thought it would be a good idea to go for a long bike ride in 87 degree weather . On my final swing i miss the wooden edge of the door and put my hand straight through the glass, i proceeded to scream like a little bitch .
The disabled seats were the only ones free . The next stop a lovely old lady gets on the bus, i stand up to give her the seat and the bus driver accelerates a little bit . i grab a pole to steady myself. old lady fall neck first onto my arm. She was alright but i feel terrible about the whole thing.
About a week ago, i bought several cans of tomatoes today, i made my first attempt at homemade salsa . When i stood up, fiery pain swept through my lady garden . After washing my hands, i thought, \"i washed my hands ten times! everything should be fine!\"
16-year-old is 16-years-old and her sister, 7, crashed into a porsche . Her friend insisted on showing me his new go kart and he showed her how to steer, how to go, and how to brake . She then proceeded to drive straight into her friend's dad's porsche. The scratch was ***huge*** and she was going ***super fast*** .
i am 22 years old but have old-fashioned parents . My boyfriend was visiting for this past weekend but was not allowed to stay in my room . My dog was barking ferociously downstairs so i made the executive decision to close the door to my room so we could hear the tv in the background and continue relaxing .
So for most of the day my dick had been hurting if it rubbed on anything and i forgot about this as i went to bed early . So i get in the mood and start teasing one off thinking this is a bit painful but what ever . comes to the messy part after i finish look down and look down .
This lovely story starts out last night with me ignoring the growing pains in my stomach that were supposed to let me know some serious shit was about to go down (pun totally intended). Instead of listening to these, i decided to go on with my night and head out to the center of campus to hang out with some friends thinking that if it got worse then i would just leave for a bit, do my business, and come back . After it stops, i decide i need to look for something to clean myself up with a piece of paper or leaves is simply not gonna cut it .
My girlfriend had her friend over studying for an exam they are both taking . The friend thinks she might be pregnant from her ex-boyfriend who she's been recently sleeping while he cheats on his own girlfriend . While we were drinking and being social i had thought she was dropping hints at her too . She ends up staying on the couch because she missed her last train home and sleeps on our couch .
The cronut is a doughnut made with croissant dough and layering, but retro fitted to have doughnut-like qualities, filling, glazzing, etc). They had \"plain\" which i take to means it will kill you from what's in side it, while the other two, creme brule and lemon merangue, would kill you .
\"hey carol, how was your trip back home?\" she says nothing . \"hey, sounds fun, have a great time,\" she says . \"i was out there for my parents' funeral... so....so....\" \"Smooth as butter, baby, baby\"
The dog's foot got caught in a chair while climbing the railing of the balcony . After spending all night at the after hours vet and receiving an estimate for $5k, i now have a dog with a broken leg that i can't afford to fix and i need to find a new sitter .
My girlfriend and i went out for happy hour and started drinking rather early to celebrate my cake day . She sat me on the couch and told me not to move, she dimmed the lights, put on nerd and disappeared in the bedroom . When she reappeared a few minutes later she was wearing a long hooded cape, a see through lace nighty and super sexy high heals . After a split second her ass slammed down on me mid chest .
i'm from australia and anybody who lives in aus will tell you how bad the wind is in august . Unfortunately the wind opened up a slight gap in my sleeve . As the day continued my arm copped more and more of the harsh uv rays from the welding arc, i now have severe ray burn .
Key to my door was inside my room, so naturally, i tried the usual ways to open a locked door . After a while i was desperate and frustrated, so started cutting through the door itself, getting wood splinters everywhere . Now i realize my eye is kinda burning and idk why. flush out my eye and wipe my face with a towel. boom, nose starts bleeding .
One of my friends who i'm going to call brett (by request) asked if i wanted to hang out and get ice cream . When we see car lights flash by us, it's the cops . The officer (female) asks me if i'm hot, like if you wanted me to open the window or something!\"
fml fml. fml: fml, fml . fmlml: \"I don't think it's going to be a bad joke\" fml for the first time in the history of the U.S. Fml. \"I'm not sure what's going on to do\"
A girl's 15th birthday is a pretty big deal . She's been planning a party for months, and was extremely excited for it . But after sitting alone on a couch for an hour or so, i decided to head home . When the rest of my family showed up back home, i was told that my sister decided to make me seem like a good guy, and how much an an ass .
my dad asked what this reddit thing was about, so he asked if he could look at it on my computer . My mom decided to join in too . Let's just say my mom didn't approve of the new meme trend, let's just name my mom as well as my mom .
It's not the guide that you might want, but it's definitely the guide you need . http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81q-pzpxnrgistically\u00a0reparably\u00a0recoveryfully\u00a0rewardwardward .
15-year-old teen ordered a 45 inch long katana a couple months ago and sharpened it until it was at shaving capacity . Last week, the sword fell out of the scabbard and i instinctively tried to catch it . i looked down to see two cuts on my thumb and palm that both revealed tendons, subcutaneous fat and blood vessels . The sword was sharp enough to shave with and probably to cut of a ponytail with .
i keep a glue stick in my drawer in the same compartment that i keep my chap stick . i thought it would be a genius idea to lick my lips . Instead of being rude, i continued to talk to the guy for another 5 minutes before running to the bathroom to wash it off my face .
Apartment is now full of barfs and farts . Apartment full of farts, barfs, farts and barfs . Ap Ap Apartment now has barf, fart, barf and fart . Apology: Apartment was full of vomit, bar barfs; apartment is now filled with barf .
The poweraid had been *opened* for two weeks . The fact that it tasted funny should of hint at something to me prior . It tasted funny, should of hinted at something prior to the fact that the poweraid tasted funny . At least two weeks ago, poweraid was opened for two years .
The smell of a toilet in the bathroom of six people was a mistake . As i entered the bathroom i smell the horrible stench (like bad eggs) i shouted how terrible the smell is and how the person who used the toilet should really overthink. At that point i was thinking my new female coworker was on the toilet .
i thought i'd treat myself to a nice wank with the aid of some moisturiser . The immediate burning sensation that emanates across my scrotum was shit-droppingly bad . But, being the true masturbation warrior that i am, i threw caution to the wind and continued .
i saw an old friend at walmart and we were bullshitting and catching up . He mumbled that his fiance' left him, but i couldn't quite hear him so i said \"what\" and he repeated himself . After the last time of him repeating himself, he said it .
i laughed...bit she did not find it all funny....i was mindless after such pleasure...not my fault! i was mindless, not my fault. i laughed. i was dumb dumbest after such pleasures... not my own fault! I was just mindless after the pleasure of such pleasure!
i didn't try hard enough for an application application . Won't be able to train in what i want to work in; there isn't really a \"normal\" major that will help me get there . It's going to be hard for me to get experience without getting a doctoral degree .
My friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme. tifu by getting egypt.com . The meme has turned to le meme, and it's turned into a le meme . It has been turned into an internet meme, which has been dubbed a 'le meme'
i've been going to the downtown fargo ymca for exercise because i'm trying to lose weight . At the end of my work shift the agony started. My biceps, triceps, and thigh adductors have been so sore i feel like i want to puke .
i was on holiday in florida and one morning woke up with a bad stomach upset . Flushed the toilet only for it to overflow on me- yuck! i have never had a toilet do that to me before! So i went to use my parent's bathroom, only to block that one too .
my period has been regular, but for some reason, i've been spotting the past few days . After i finished, he looked down and said \"umm, we need to change the sheets\" i feel gross because his face was all up in my snatch while i was bleeding a little .
i bought my female friend [pepper spray] and thought it would be a good idea to carry on my keychain just in case somebody tries to mug me at knifepoint or something . The entire canister emptied all over my leg before i noticed the slight burning feeling .
The two girls that i talk to that are twins are born on the same day . When asked to wish the girl i liked \"the happiest birthday possible\" she replied \"thank you\" She was checking her phone and responding to other people (the last seen feature on what's app) she hasn't responded .
i had a rum and coke in me and decided to have a bath . After awhile i started feeling really hot, so i stood up in the tub and then suddenly dizziness hits me like a truck . Luckily luckily i started to get back under control after getting horizontal for a bit .
there were three sick people at work today . Why can't sick people just stay at home? Why can you't stay at work just stay away from sick people like sick people? There are three people sick at work and sick people in the works . Now i'm feeling sick.  why can't you just stay home?
i have this weird habit of breaking the pop tab off of every can i drink, however this time it fell into the can . The pop tab was nowhere to be seen, so it had to be inside me . The next day i started getting terrible cramps in my gut . The intern who was there with the radiologist came out of the room, returned a minute later with a can of coke!
The phone fell out of his jacket pocket and was soaked in piss for 10 minutes . The toilet was still filled with my piss, so i grabbed it anyway, and then spent 10 minutes trying to dry it off . His sister suggested we put it in rice, so we did for the remainder of the time i was there .
i am only 18 and my friends and i had plans to go to a house party last night . The plans fell flat again until i remembered this crazy neon motorcycle festival going on downtown . When the band finished up and left i decided to try to try my luck at the closest bar .
i was downloading something, and because the download needed 5+ hours to be completed, i decided that it would be a good idea to get some sleep . i put the laptop near the edge of my bed (yes stupid move, i know) and go to sleep on the other side . i am woken up by my grandmother's shouting .
i was at my friends house even there since about 8pm and we just smoke out . Fast forward to about 4am and my friends brother and his boyfriend come home with a bunch of there girl friends . At about 5am we all end up getting ready to fall asleep when my stomach starts to bubble . One starts giggling then all of them start whispering around \"did you hear that?!?!\"
i'm on the club cross country team at michigan state university . At about 1:00 am, i decided to go out for a run late at night, while drunk, in area i was completely unfamiliar with . After a few miles, i realized i was lost in the middle of pennsylvania . A stranger offered to give me a ride .
Krazy glue burst out the end of the tube and was now dripping all over! Some had gotten on my finger, didn't get it glued to any other body parts but still was rough on the skin . At least i successfully glued my case back together, although it has a weird patch on the back now .
i had a slight gurgle in my stomach when we first arrived . When we are marching it becomes full on grumbling and a little gas . On the way there i realize \"holy shit this is not gas!\" and tell the teacher \"i need to go to the bathroom\" The longest 5 minute bus ride ensues .
The 'diabeetus' guy's face photoshopped on nearly all of them . i was sharing originally it with my /b/tard friend who thought it was hilarious. The link contained a thread of wincest pictures with the 'diabetus' photoshopping on nearly every of them...
i got to around the 4km mark and started to feel dizzy and sick in the stomach . Then realised that i was on a highway road, without any water taps in sight, so i had to walk about a kilometre to my house trying to fight off convulsions so i wouldnt throw up .
i came home late (read that as drunk) from the bar and realized i forgot to whiten my teeth. So i put them in and laid down to watch way way wayward's world. Well i fell asleep and swallowed them. The teeth look great though.
i applied it to my whole body, but i think i kept it on past the required time . Unfortunately, some of it seeped into my crack, and it wasn't long before the itchy burning spread all over . As i got out it took about twenty minutes to get them to both stop bleeding .
i was jarring up bulk spices and managed to end up with the tags off half of them . A quick sniff-check made it very clear which one was the pure chipotle powder . of course i completely overdid it and basically bumped hot pepper, temporarily blinding and choking myself .
On the notes app on my iphone i've been slowly adding little \"i've always wanted to try that\" sort of things to what would become a very extensive list spanning many different genres of wants over the course of almost a year and a half . When i accidentally highlighted the entire list, i thought as i'd made this little mistake a number of times whilst editing the list . Then... i reached for a spot on my phone unoccupied by lettering to cancel the unwanted paste but my thumb touched the very thing i was trying to cancel .
Five years ago, i was a junior in high school . He was approached by a family friend who runs the funeral home in town and was arranging a funeral for a veteran who had died . He told me they needed a trumpet player to play taps during the burial, and it would pay $20 . \"Good job, good job, sounded great,\" he says .
i was trying to think of something witty or funny to say, and the best i could come up with was asking, \"hey, can we take an awkward prom-style photo together?\" he gives me a puzzled look and says, \"uhh...that's kind of weird no.\"
i decided to do some of those poses because jojo makes them seem so cool . My mom walks in and thinks i was doing something really gay . Had a tough time explaining to her what the show was about and why they do those poses for no reason and how they're still straight while doing them .
i watched 3 minutes of it.. why did i even consider it? My eyes how can a human be so retarded . How can you be a human being so retarded. i watched it.. my eyes how . can you even think it's so retarded that i even considered it . i watched a 3 minute of it .
Shit Mane. shit mane. crap mane . The shit is the mane of the shit he's got into the middle of the world . It's not the first time he's heard from his ears and ears. shit. shit . He says he's been in touch with his wife, a daughter .
One week into being in the states i'm walking through target holding a basket by the holes on the side rather than the handle . Eventually i get my pointer and ring finger out but my middle finger is still stuck . At this point my finger is starting to turn blue and fat from constantly struggling to get out . Fire department arrives and they have to use medical scissors to get me loose .
i'm standing at the stove, frying up some salmon for breakfast . i go to flip it, when i suddenly feel something crunch under my foot . splashed very hot olive oil on my hand, leaving a very painful burn . The salmon was dropped out of the stove and splashed on his hand .
A video of a guy approaching a whole swarm of bees on a tree shows him running his hands through a loosely cohesive whole . The video was posted on /r/gifs or /r-wtf, and it shows that bees don't have a queen to protect, and that they're incredible docile .
i'm a broke college kid that absolutely loves hockey . Well i receive a phone call from one of my best friends back home saying that he has free box seats at our nhl teams game . The one time i sit in a box, there's no catered food . The lady behind the counter was wearing a turtle neck and had a very raspy voice .
\"logic exam - 10/17/2013\" is worth 20% of my semester grade . i've been having some personal problems lately, and i'm still getting over a cold, as well as having heartburn, so i wasn't able to get barely any sleep for this thursday . i figured oh well, no big deal, we have *nothing important* right? right?
i was sitting at a desk with my legs up on it . i put the bowl on my lap and it immediately fell on the floor . To make matters worse i managed to smack my balls pretty soundly as i tried to stop the coming disaster . i should mention i was .
With peppermint bar soap, i'm tearing up.com: 'it burns and i'm tear up' with peppermint soap soap soap . 'i have to leave for work in a minute,' she says.commentedmented: 'It burns' and i's tearing up .
My (now-ex) girlfriend is practicing for tryouts to get into a college music program . Her practice schedule requires no external contact from anyone for a week . She screencapped a picture of her stalkers facebook, and made a fake facebook post around coming to see her performance day next week, in an attempt to come to me to help her .
i don't know if she remembers it (i think she does). As it was happening, i was uncomfortable, but i froze up . i keep thinking about how my friend would react and i think he would be livid, but it doesn't seem like it was that big a deal .
The only break i had was to fap.. i have two big tests tomorrow, and quiz. and yet i can't cocnetrate and keep coming here . i have a big test tomorrow and quiz tomorrow, but can't be cocnetrated and keep going here .
i know he's a man whore and i went to a party where i knew he would be trying to get into someone else's pants . As soon as his turn was over he started hitting on a girl i was talking to at the time . i then proceeded to get incredibly drunk, throw up three times, and now i don't even know where my earrings are .
My girlfriend wanted to come over after our plans to go to her house had failed . My cousin, who has been staying with us for the past 3 months, is also home in the living room and we are a room away in my room . We decided to sneak upstairs and get it in, no sex though because we had heard a rustle downstairs, which i concluded was my dog moving around in his room .
Sprint won't allow calls until the bill is paid . Sprint refuses to take him off the phone without him paying his bill . i have no way of contacting him other than his craigslist email address . i just arranged to have the phone purchased for $50 for parts .
i group of friends and i went to hershey park last night and we road all the rides without indecent . Well we decide to ride the roller coaster skyrush again about 930-10 so it was dark. well we get up to get on and i take my phone out of my pocket because i didnt want to risk it falling out during the ride .
i was having a few beers with my husband and fell flat on my face . Split my lip open, and almost knocked out one of my front teeth, also smashed the fuck out of my knee . i'm ok, but i've been sitting with ice on my lip for an hour now .
What's wrong with giving your boyfriend a hickey when you're shozzled? Oh, nothing really really, it's just that we're traveling up the coast tomorrow to visit his parents to talk about getting engaged . It truly is a love-bite to behold .
The boys did blow jobs and the girls had to do muff dives . Hidden in whipped cream was a shot glass with coffee liquor in it . The point is to get the shot without using your hands . The tip of my nose touched the side of the glass, it busted. Everyone laughed .
i was selling 2 different things. One was arranged at an office max. the other at my house . i waited for him for an hour while he drove all over the county trying to find my area . Eventually he found it and was waiting at office max . The guilt is eating me up inside .
An 18yo 15st male with no prior dating experience is writing here . The girl is like an 8/10 and i'm maybe a 4/10 in good lighting . After an hour of drawing and such, i find the girl and we start talking again (still didn't know her name) She walks off, looking for other members of her group to see if they want lunch .
After school, some big ass dude came up to me and started confronting her . He was like \"if you don't stop talking like that to my daughter, i'm going to report you to the police and the school\" turned out my friends sexted some girl from my phone .
so i took a walk knowing fully that i had to go to the washroom . thinking that i could go for a quick jaunt around the block before anything happened i took off . needless to say i screwed up my walk and my underwear . Needless to say, i made a walk and his underwear .
My boyfriend and my boyfriend spend most nights at his place . After an episode or two, we started making out a little, which quickly lead to the removal of clothing . My dad knocked on the door and said \"there's beef and gravy\" The look that was on his face was absolute pure pure, unadulterated terror .
i was watching game of thrones under my desk when i had to step away for a moment . It was the episode where ros and her fellow whore at the brothel are banging each other with lord weasel baelish watching on like a creep . My father caught what he was watching what i was doing at his family's business .
An elderly man and woman were innocently out waling their dogs . The next day i counted 53 mosquito bites all over my body . An old lady looks like she was having a myocardial infarction, and i'm trying to camouflage into the forest undergrowth .
my kid was running around with a knife, while i was cooking . He ran with the knife straight into my leg and embedded half of it in . Because i\"m retarded, and for some reason my brain tells me to chisel it out with another knife . Now im stuck here on my phone waiting for emergency services with 2 knives in my leg .
The boyfriend wanted to have a nice view of his ass . When his mother walked in, she just stared at her and my whole body started to shake . She gave me a hard look and now she won't talk to her, i'm so embarrassed . \"Needlessless to say, now she  won't be talking to me,\" she says .
i made hotdogs on stovetop while cooking to make more tasty . \"theres always a cap on this so no worries, i should just shake it up because of habit with ketchup.\" turns out cap had been broken off and the first up motion of my shake squirts hot sauce right into my eyes .
My penis smashed into the handlebars and my penis was bleeding . Luckily luckily it is still attatched . Now i'm scared to get an erection it's gonna hurt like hell now i'm afraid to get a erection it will hurt like a hell . Luckily it's still attached to his penis .
i went to move my desk to get into a group and my desk must have caught the wire for the charger or to the projector . Her macbook was on top of it and broke the screen . On top of that it was broken and on top that it function at all .
i'm a stickler for rules, i figured an official exception could be made for thursdays . If i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on th Thursday and hashtag that bitch bitch tbt! But also, could be fun to just self moderate and do it if you want .
i thought i had broken my neck or at least shaved a section off of a cervical vertebrae . After 3 hours of pain i was given some codeine, ibrolfen & paracetamol . After a few minutes of trying i could not possibly move for the pain, i was paralysed by it .
i'm white. She's black. she's black, she says, \"here you go, slaaave\" White guilt, activate, says white guilt, \"white guilt. white guilt. She had a sense of humor about it, but still did not look good on me\"
i had just started driving a stick shift and pretty pro after only a few months . forgot to put the e brake on or leave it in gear and car starts slowly rolling back . The next morning my mom said, \"you're lucky the neighbor didn't have their car parked at the end of our driveway this time.\"
A cat from the shelter had ear mites cleared up with revolution . The vet said to clean out we ears and the gross bits inside with q tips to make sure they weren't coming back . A doctor put some yellow shit in my eye and told me i'd be okay and have me a prescription in case it discharges....great.
i passed out at 6am with everything but my pants, boxers, and phone . Homeless person helped me find my boxers and pants under a car near by and found my phone with a shattered screen in the gutter . Hope everyone got to laugh at my expense as much as my friends and i did .
it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. It's 2.26am and i.m. it's about 2:30am . It's a 2-26 am run over from reddit.com to the site.com/dailymail.co.uk .
The only way to get to work is to get a cab to unlock a door . The plan is to call them tomorrow morning and try to get them to unlock the door for the first time . The car was not locked up until the end of the day, so i can't wait for the door to be unlocked . It's unclear how the door will be opened .
i was petting her when she latched onto my wrist and proceeded to bite and scratch the living (insert expletive here) so i punched her into the ceiling (smoothe move) thankfully the little demon wasn't hurt and was showered in treats .
My current bf is the first guy i've had any sexual experience with, he however is not new to the act so i tend to feel obligated to go all out, be a bit aggressive and playful, talk dirty, the works, just really make it a wonderful experience that doesn't highlight the fact that i'm new at it .
i am a virgin and had never done anything before except make out . He left a huge hickie on my boobs...and i gave him a blowjob . Part of me wishes i hadnt done that, but...part of me wish i had done that .
A couple years ago my friends and i did a little experiment with the spike powder and a monster thermos . i poured 4 spikes into the monster and chugged down the whole thing while my friends were videotaping . i started talking really fast and walking around alot then i froze, leaned over and puked all over the place .
A half hour later, my friend was shaken awake by four police officers or the fire department or some shit after passing out drunk in their bed . So i called the pd, said \"this is not an emergency\" and gave them an address and asked them \"if they could go check on my friend\" The operator said they would send someone out to take a look on them .
pretty girl and two other girls are busy laughing and mingling among themselves . i join in and we have a good convo, we have to talk . The convo at the table dies down and i retry to ignite it by telling pretty girl a joke . Pretty girl smirks and ignores me for the rest of the shift .
A year and a half ago, i got an asus transformer TF300t tablet as a gift . Unfortunately, i decided to update android, and rooting it means i have to update it manually . When i got up and go to work it was the same screen .
This morning i woke up and i was feeling pretty horny, so i started jerking off while i waited for my brother to get out of the shower . Next thing i knew, i fainted and bashed my head on the faucet . miraculously i only had a small scrape on my head, but i had a 6 inch long cut across my shoulderblade .
A guy at the gym angled beside/in front of me had one of those really big phones, a \"phablet\" He definitely started watching some \"adult content\" videos . i don't think he even realized i was there, or that i could see his phone, so i was kind of in shock at this point .
This was yesterday but i was (for obvious reasons) too drunk to post . Made my own dress (i was a candy cane), and just as they're doing the cheer/voting for each of us individually. yep. that's my nipple. in front of about five photographers and all of my coworkers .
i accidentally left some of the crayons at the bottom of one of the pockets of my apron . When i pulled the load out of the laundry, i saw that the crayedons had slipped from the apron and melted from the dryer to everyone's clothes .
The first few inbox replies had subject lines such as \"my wet, naked body just for you\", \"what you'll cum home to\", and \"just a little something to get you through your long shift ;)\" i suspect my teacher saw and walked away kind of abruptly .
The package was written by a web-based translator in arabic . The package arrived safely and the package was sent to a distributor in dubai . The company said that all couldn't stop laughing in the office because i'd marked the package with in large, bold capital letters with no translation found .
The ex showed up at her bestfriends party last night and she lost her virginity to him . Although they had broken up they remained friends . In the end we had sex in a caravan alone and i feel so guilty and he wasn't even that great of a hook up .
Recently luke has come to greeting me by opening my door and yelling \"quit looking at porn!\". Now, he usually just scares the shit out of me, but hasn't caught me doing anything bad . The worst was when he caught me watching a marina & the diamonds music video, which was easily explained when i came out to him .
The world record for awkward condom spills set in a date party at a bar . The blazer borrows a condom from a friend to pay for drinks at some bar . When asked what time it is, the other pocket had a condom in it belonging to the person i borrowed it from .
i'm in high school taking a team sports class and i'll be the first to admit that i suck at sports . The final 1-2 weeks of the semester is softball, my skills with a baseball and bat are bad to say the least . i hit a guy behind me with the end of the bat right in the chin .
The entire apartment complex was notified of an inspection that was going to take place today . As normal i procrastinated cleaning until this morning at 7am an hour before my landlord said he would show up . Then it hit me..hard coffee shits... you know what i'm talking about. i ran upstairs as fast as i pulled down my pants and began to take the loudest rankest shit that i have ever had in my entire life .
My boyfriend (25m) and i have been seeing each other for two years . He moved in with me early in the relationship early . He was being kicked out of the place he was staying and i was so totally in love . After finding out why his roommates were kicking him out, he had been stealing from them . After getting out of a hospital he confessed his addiction to me .
The community pool was filled with old ladies and there were a bunch of children having a swimming class on the other side of the pool . My so tried to lift me up and get me to float on water . My swimsuit bottom (it was one of those tie on bikinis) chose that exact moment to come undone .
i came home late sunday night from volunteering at the nikes women's half marathon in dc. It was raining all day on monday so i spent the day home applying to jobs . i'm baffled that it only took one rainy day for my 160gb ipod, gps, charging cables and mount to all get taken out of my car in my drive way .
The whole thing starts out with me helping my friend move into his new apartment . His grandma is standing in the door way completely naked . i turn around and just say oooh myyy. I turn around to say hi and there his grandma was standing in his grandma naked .
i was a sophomore in high school and i went to a school that had a real deal soccer team, who happened to be playing our rival school in the state finals one fine friday evening . After screaming obscenities at the players on the field for about 20 minutes, i decide to make a run to the bathroom, so without thinking to have a friend join me in navigating the sea of people between the concession stand and myself, i just stumble carelessly through hordes of bodies, incoherent .
An exceptionally vocal student named *charlie* has always had an extremely vocal student . He pulled out a giant dark green and black scab-looking booger with a trail of green slime . He spent the next couple of minutes rubbing it along his upper lip and licking it off slowly .
The crazy 'ol lady been having problems since i smashed her in the face with her own toy poodle . After lstenig calmly and politely to the hell banshee for a couple hours i decided my earholes have had enough . After 4 hours of bitching i can't hear her had to leave her .
Someone had spammed the shit out of my facebook with 150+ instances of audio pornography from soundcloud . i then checked my email, and found a bunch of porn sites \"welcome!\" emails, and i'm locked out of most other social networking sites . Then, on the bus ride to my game after school, i was alerted by one of my friends (by text) by text, that somebody had spruited the shit .
Not sure if this was the right move, but she supported my ass the last semester . Even though she kicked me out, she helped me through it, i still think about her from time to time . She moved on with her ex-boyfriend, they got back together .
After a long winter i finally decided to get my ass off the chair and exercise for a bit . After walking for about a block or so, everyone is staring at me . Suddenly, everyone can clearly see my polka dotted panties . The pants have become almost transparent .
i once chopped one up, didn't wash my hands properly, and later that evening i rubbed my eye melting . When ever i use them, i have to scrape the seeds out...unless i want nuclear food . When i cooked some dinner for my so and i, and included a chopped up chilli . The chilli plant blew my face off and i felt like i was driving drunk .
After leaving a restaurant, i was making a right turn onto a major road . He was looking left to see the traffic, see and opening and start rolling . By some magnificent stroke of god, the lady was perfectly fine, we were perfectly fine and my car was fine .
In a discussion in /r/talesfromtechsupport i linked to [cutnessoverload] and australian kitten pictures . When you hovered over the links it looked really scary, like you were about to download a virus or something . If you hover over a link you can see where it goes .
i thought that bumpkin was a nice thing to say... until i looked up up the definition later . Don't be fooled by the cute nature of the word . stick with something lame like \"honey\" stick with a lame lame lame . Bumpkin - a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture .
i live on a lake with a large hill leading into it . As i was mowing the grass at my house i slipped in the remains of a big bullfrog . i then tried to hurry down the hill mowing when i tried to get the frog out of the lake .
The girl who sits next to me is a very open lesbian . In a blaze of absent minded ignorance i blurt out \"gosh that is soooo gay\" She went berserk and made me feel like the most bigoted ignorant jackass while the entire class just grilleddddddd me .
A man walked up to us at a softball game when asked if he could plug in his phone to charge . After the game, i reach over and silence it, his phone starts to ring . The guy a turned around to tell was not the man who left his phone .
i really needed a piss, so as soon as the guy had been paid he went upstairs to the bathroom to relieve myself . The blind cord jammed halfway, and as i struggled desperately with the cord my trousers (that would be pants) fell down as the window cleaner's head appeared outside, and i dropped to the ground .
i ate too much and there was a huge crowd of people around me and i let of this \"silent but deadly\" fart that everyone smelled . It was embarrassing. and they know it's me. and i'm embarrassed. It's embarrassing. It was just embarrassing.
\"i have been marking ipt assignments and realised that yours is not here. can you email me it today please. do not modify it as i need to see the last modified date on or before the due date.\" \"Looked through both my hard drives, can't find it, today i am probably going to get an e-mail,\" says \"fool up\"
Today i woke up at 9 am (1hour before usual) due to finals this week . After finishing my exam around 11,  realize that i'm pretty tired . i lay down around noon to take what i hope to be a short,  hour long nap . P.S. i have an exam in 7 hours.
i'm a late bloomer and i haven't gotten my period yet . Because i was a curious fucktard, i licked it, it tastes just like blood! as if the red color and the fact that it was dripping from my vagina didn't give it away!
All my classmates told me, \"i *have* to get to work on it asap all semester,\" i finally take their advice 1wk prior to it being due . Teacher gives us all semester on the final online hw. No help in class, he has been saying this whole time that we \"have no reason not to get a 100%\"
i shaved off the skin from one side of my nipple by being a little overzealous with a razor in my worn-out state . In my panic, i somehow coaxed it to stop bleeding so much, i decided to masturbate . Blood was dripping on my arm the whole time from my nipple .
i was making my bed just now, exhausted from a hard day's work, and when i went to spread out my comforter, a huge cup of days old milk spilled and went everywhere . It was so traumatizing i started crying, then only realized how pathetic i was for crying over spilled milk .
i had finals coming up and i knew i couldn't do both, so i called my boss and told him i had to quit . He said he was disappointed by not letting me know ahead of time, especially since i built good relationships with everyone at the job . How should i respond back?
at one of my tables, her husband wrote, \"you forgot my wife's birthday! booooooo!!!!!!\" on the check and left a dollar on $60 . i'm not even upset about the tip. i feel really, really bad. at a table.
High School chemistry teacher asked if she could bring in a gas mask to wear instead of safety glasses . At about 10:30 i get called out of class to go to the on campus police officer's office, more commonly referred to as op. Apparently they found the canister in the cafeteria and thought it was part of a bomb . After school they gave me the filter back after school because they didn't want someone else thinking it was a bomb.
A man came in with a cane and a gorgeous golden lab service dog . While his current customer was counting up change i decided to complement the dog . He ended up getting rung up by a coworker, so i just walked to the back . \"sir, that is a beautiful dog,\" he said .
The internet connection would go from private to public on its own causing my internet to disconnect . After much frustration and days of frustration and trying to fix it i decided to just call tech support . \"ok\" i though, this computer is only a week old how so i don't have anything important on it. so i restore it and continue on with my day .
i started to smell something burning but for some reason didn't get up . The smell of burnt *something* is filling the house . Thankfully it's just the eggs, and i was able to open up all the doors and windows as well as turn on all the fans while simultaneously running through the house fanning smoke out with a big dry-erase board .
This happened last night, but i'm just posting now because the embarrasment has faded a bit more . Last night, i was invited to my girlfriends house just to hang out and have dinner there . Her mom asked us to go put swings on the swingset for the kids to play on . When my head hits the back of the bar, which made me pull forward, smashing my nose into the monkey bars .
In his past incarnation, as a nurse, i was used to work in a geriatric ward . When i phoned her son, his wife explained that he had been dead for six months . He explained that somebody hadn't updated the paperwork, so it wasn't actually my fault .
Some of my friends smoke, but i don't . They got rid of the buds in some empty soda cans and i put the cans in a bag . When he saw the bag he opened it and was blasted by the smell of weed . Nothing bad really happened, he was just mad for awhile .
This weekend i went to a water park . i wore 100 spf sunblock and reapplied it mid-day (i never stayed wet and i never toweled off so usually i am fine). This morning i decided to exfoliate-toner-moisturize. Now i can't see my back .
i got heat stroke by wearing to many layers . Threw up again 10 minutes into playing and threw my guts out like the ganges on laundry day . Went to work today, throat feels like i took a fist to the neck and my head feels like its been smacked with a hammer .  "editedit: *exempt. fucked my title up too . ugh. ugh: I'm not entitled to the title up . U.S. is not exempt from the title of the title . Ugh. I hate.commodmodestestly.com/modest .
i'm watching episode 17 of black butler episode 17 . Father walks in to show me a guitar he might like . He simply says \"the fuck kind of porn are you watching?\" and walks out . Now my whole family probably thinks i watch hentai****
conversation did not ensue. conversation between the two men . The conversation was not interrupted by a conversation with CNN.com.com did not take place in the middle of the world . The story of a conversation between CNN and CNN iReport.com/Heroes.com will feature iReport .
i went home last night and my mum knows nothing. i cornered one of my brothers who said it was a surprise but he thought i was good at it . My dad was disappointed i had kept it a secret but said he would not tell my mum . Now i've got to decide if i tell her i'm a stripper or not .
i haven't coded either because i've been depressed and addicted to video games . i need someone to tell me everything is going to be okay and to help motivate me . i'm always making excuses. i'm doing research for my 4th year project and feel like a total fuck up .
A couple of days i assume my dog got into my trash, so i check my trash can and find the condom mysteriously missing . Two days later surprise visit from my mom while i'm out grocery shopping . As it turns out, my dog (potty trained, but inclined to act out) decided it was a good time to shit in the kitchen .
i woke up in the middle of the night and really needed to take a piss, but i really didn't want to get out of bed . Once i got my stream going, i realized that i wasn't sitting up all the way in my bed and all of the bottle's contents were soon going to spill out .
i occasionally use marijuana . When i use a pipe and take a couple hits, it feels cool, i laugh a lot, food tastes great and that's that . As we we're about to leave to go inside the theater, it becomes **way** too much for me. i start to feel like i have absolutely no control over my own thoughts and vision .
A redditor gave this movie to his teacher accidentally on a thumb drive . It involved necrophilia, pedophilia, mutilation, beastiality, newborn fucking, and an instance where the main character fucks someone in their eye socket . Think i'll be taking a break from serbian movies for quite some time .
When i go shopping very often i make sure to get plenty of peanut butter and jelly . While i was rooting through my pantry i realized i only had peanut butter . So i opened the jar grab a knife and sit down and start watching TV while ingesting this delightful treat . No big deal ill just buy lunch tomorrow at work .
i currently only work 16 hours a week, and i have been desperately looking for a second job . A friend that i met last semester in speech told me i had a perfect personality for chipotle and said they were building a new one in the town nearby . However, i went through 3 interviews with my nearest chipotle, but didn't get the job . The manager said the manager really liked me....but i'll never use that app again .
i've always really liked verizon, but it seems their customer service has gotten worse, just like their prices and plans . Since it was under warranty, i could get a new one free of charge . When i asked, they said my phone was broken from water damage, and refuse to let me send this new phone back for a discount .
i'm stationed on a sub and have been up working for the past few days with little sleep . Around mid day i decided to take some b-12 cause it helps keep you awake . After a few hours i felt no better in fact i felt worse so i went to take more .
A pizza delivery driver wrote a riddle on receipts receipts . The customer got her order, and her children promptly freaked out, and she took pictures of the boxes, sent those to corporate . After calling his boss, i got fired outright . \"If you'll eat me you'll surely die,\" the answer of \"nothing\"
i was doing some studying for a essay, when my brother decides to walk into the bedroom . After a while of him talking on, he turns on some of his music, probably to irritate me . When he tells him to turn it off, he only turns it up louder, and slapped me suprisingly hard . After that, i decided to turn the music off myself, and then he punched me lightly .
my company makes price lists to quote customers . Instead of adding the groups of clients and sending it via bcc,. i accidentally sent the list through to:.comcom . Several companies didn't like that and called to berate us for doing business with their competitors .
The island outlets are on their own little fucking breaker . Turn out to be on the island outlets, turns out they're on the own little circuit breaker . The island outlet outlets are in their own own little little little breaker, says says \"holy fucking shitcock mother fucker\"
A few months ago while on safari in maasai mara gamepark in kenya . The 'object' dislodged and came tumbling down, hit the ground about 12 feet away from me and burst into a large ball of wild african bees . The bees stung me on the side of the neck and ear .
A month ago, i was alone in my girlfriend's home a while she was off at work . i was rummaging through her bathroom drawers for some fingernail clippers when i came across her bottle of nair hair removal lotion . i applied a lotion all over my junk, my balls and pubes were completely coated in the stuff . i made sure to get it in my asshole to get the hair out of there too .
i'm running back to the kitchen when i saw flames erupt from the fire . The fire extinguisher cost $15,000 in one night just to fix the equipment i messed up . i would rather have you use the extinguisher filled with the same thing right behind you .
i used to cum into rags or tissues, and throw them in a bag . At the end of the day before closing, i put the bag in one of the mall trash cans and closed up the store . When i got there, i noticed that the bag of cum rags and tissues were tied up to the door of a store .
The doctor said the aleve had gotten lodged in a pocket in my esophagus . One of the chemicals in the pill had burned through the tissue as it slowly dissolved . The doctor gave me some prescription heartburn medication that helped a tiny bit, but mostly it was excruciating pain and an all jello-and-ice cream diet .
My brother was being a normal younger sibling, annoying me . To get back at him, i decided to pull his shorts down and reveal his underwear . needless to say, my mom's boyfriend and i were dying of laughter, while my mom almost choked on her food .
by an accident i applied the glue stick to my lips thinking it was chap-stick . The glue stick was glueing papers to poster paper . i was doing a long and hard (thats what she said) so i was glued to posters paper . By an accident, i applied it to his lips thinking that it was a chapstick .
When i try to start it, it gave some beep codes which wasn't listed in the official beep code list . When i took out the cpu heatsink the cpu chip was also attached it was also a memory problem . The chip chip was in fact **glued** to the heatsink, so i brute force the metal bars (am3 slot)
i'm waiting at the bus stop across the street from my house and i feel a fart coming on . While there was only one other person there waiting for the bus i thought \"what the hell, the wind will blow away the smell\". i let it rip and bam. shit happened .
When i cleaned a table, i pulled the tray out with too much force and completely underestimated the weight of the utensils . The sound of all the metal hitting the floor was deafening and caused a huge ruckus . Luckily, the manager wasn't there to witness the hilarity .
During the test, i was making a 3-point turn but hit the curb with the hubcap . The examiner told me i didn't fail the test because of that but, i pretty much bombed the test . Afterwards when i told my instructor that i failed, he drove me home and that was it .
Out of boredom, i decided to curl my hair while i watched a movie . Unfortunately, i absentmindedly grabbed the wrong end of the curling iron . Pain ensued, with the (temporary) inability to use my left hand, as it is burned and blistered by my extremely hot ignorance .
i didn't hear anyone pissing themselves with laughter so i think i escaped the added bonus of public humiliation . Maybe maybe . maybe. maybe.  maybe . Maybe. maybe maybe maybe. Maybe. i didn\u2019t hear anyone laugh with laughter. i\u2019d\u2019m not sure what happened .
i live 5 minutes away from the main campus so it's very convenient . Of my five classes, 3 of them are at the rio rancho campus which is 20 miles away and one is at the los lunas/valencia campus . i can't go in to talk to an academic advisor about this because it's entirely on me and they'd laugh at me .
It was like one of those moments where you look down and you remember that you have a penis so you do what's natural and start playing around with it . When i was pushing against the handle, my hand directly on top of the staples, when i heard it click . Both ends of a staple went into my thumb, i painfully pulled it out .
The so and i are in ecuador on vacation and we are flying out to panama city 6am the following morning . When we get home to canada i discover $1100 in fraudulent charges have accrued on my phone despite my reporting it stolen . We discover i've lost my iphone. It has all my vacation pics and some nudie pics of me on it...we head back and we go back to the airport .
The same person that posted the doritos locos dog shit catastrophe the other day . The moth the size of a gi joe was squirming out of agony when scratching, i squished the moth on my face and it was squiggling out of the agony . The day was great! i did some hoodrat shit with my friends, \"watched\" despicable me 2 with my date\" and \"violated her tounge with my own while a movie plays in the background .
The only thing i had to make life bearable was tea . i finished a box of 20 tea bags using a 20oz mug for each bag in only 3 days . By the end of the third day my asshole was redder than a raspberry and more raw than eddie murphy's 1987 stand up comedy movie .
A few days ago, my girlfriend and i were hanging out when we started to mess around and we knew that we were going to have sex . Everything is great, but then i suddenly get super tired.. i faked a finish and that was that . Afterwards we were talking and she asks me \"did you finish?\" and i lied and told her i had .
It's 9:30, me and my girlfriend hop in the car, leaving her house . She has two little siblings (m/12 & f/14 that get on my nerves and her nerves quite often) One used to always sneak in the back of the car and accompany us on the ride home . With about 2 minutes left in the ride, i pull out my dick and just start telling her to look at it and we share a few good laughs .
i had taken out my metal fleshie/tunnel thingo to wash it because if you don't for about a week it begins to smell like feet and pee pee shit and stuff like that . So decided next plan of attack would be to find a glove and attempt to fish it out! i stick my hand into this freezing cold sesspool of excrement .
The nose picked up my nose today. It was picked up by my nose . The nose was bleeding profusely, according to a report of bleeding from cartilage . Pick my nose nose up to my nose, pick my nose up for the first time, pick me up from the nose .
The urge to shit reached critical mass and i made a bee line to the bathroom where the most fiery, painful liquid-esque shit i've ever produced in my entire life poured from my nether regions . Good news though, my girlfriend's mother felt sorry for me after she heard the story and bought me season 1 of game of thrones .
Yesterday, the trash men would come ever monday to take out the trash bins . When i heard the trash people pass my house, i had a feeling that the trash wasn't empty . Now i have to carry two trash bins, and one trash can with wheels for next weeks trash take out .
i went to the doctor and prescribed an antibiotic by the name of \"flagyl\" After spreading my pussy lips and looking down, i see something resembling a white film, but nothing google-worthy . Later, my boyfriend comes over and i tell him about it and asks him if he'd be down to have sex tonight and if he thinks i should talk to a doctor . \"i think you need a mirror or something,\" he says .
i hope my cars not dead. i hope your cars are dead. I hope my car not dead . i hope the cars are not dead, i hope it will not be dead. It's not the first time i hope that my cars will be dead, but i hope I'll get my cars dead .
i wanted to see what she looked like, so i searched for her on facebook. When i tapped her name, it said \"friend request sent\" Things are going to get awkward things like \"things are going for a lot of time,\" says i.com.com .
The shame finally wore off last week, but the shame wore off . It was not the shame that happened last week . But the shame has finally worn off, but it's finally finally got rid of the shame . The shame has worn away from the shame, but finally the shame finally wears off .
Last week my entire family got hit with some super stomach norovirus . This morning on my way to work i thought it would be a great idea since i'm feeling better to have a latte (espresso and milk) Get to work, guts start to bubble, i get up to run to the bathroom, shit my pants .
The liquor store has no bathroom and is located in a strip mall next to an expensive salon (cant shit there) nor can i shit at the tae kwon do place . As i am shitting the guy from the liquor store comes out the back door to have a cigarette and is seeing me and is like \"whatsup bro\"
This was last night, but i just now realized i should share this was actually last night . Shaving is a rare occurrence for me, so shaving is rare for me . When i shave, i don't spend a lot on expensive razors, usually the cheapest tri-blade throw-away works for him .
A girl from ohio had been hitting on me, but i didn't know how to make a move . She asked: \"it's kind of hot in here, don't you want to take your clothes off?\" The night ends with us falling asleep next to each other after kissing for awhile .
Alcohol does that to me and the fact that she is attracted to me so she starts getting all touchy and stuff . Things where awkward for a while the about 5 days after we got drunk again in her car and made out again . After that day we decided to get drunk again and we made out one more time .
The story of a woman with a bag of sex toys at a local grocery store . The manager of the store asks why can you close your bag so it's not open for the entire public to see? The store manager comes by but the bag was in the middle of the isle .
i was sleeping over my friends house with two other friends (all girls, i'm a guy). One of which happened to be my friend with benefits . One friend woken up by the moans of the girl who was under me and got up to tell us to stop but i ignored her request and asked if she wanted to join . The worst part is that the host friend's mom found my used condom in their recycling bin .
i was cleaning up my boyfriend's art supplies that were just sitting in the corner of the living room next to the couch . When i got home from work tonight, i asked why he needed his art supplies so badly and he explained that he has a special towel buried in the box for when he jerks off .
The purge last night was a movie with two friends . When i went to the bathroom to wash my hands while they were buying their tickets . When the credits began to roll, i noticed jordan eagerly shake his girlfriend's hand and whisper something to her very quickly . i decided to let it pass and that i would think of a way to bring it up after the movie .
The jam was so the jam that i needed to hear this song in its entirety right now . After 9 hours, i left the doors unlocked with the engine running in a parking garage on a 110 degree day for nine hours straight . i feel like one of those absent-minded parents who drives away with their kid on the hood .
i was half way through, 4 full cokes left on the tray . As i was struggling to reach her spot, my hand slipped just enough for the whole thing to topple . The other 3 cokes fell right onto the same woman's white fur coat . They only left me $3 on a $56 check, it's been a bad day .
At work, i meant to send the link to the devs groups and accidently sent it to the other chat chat . Now the proxy is blocked for everyone. This is way we can't  have nice things. :( :( :( : This is the way we have a nice thing to do with nice things .
i work at a store in downtown san francisco which consists of about 90% gay/lesbian . It not once came across my mind that he could possibly be taking this the wrong way . Half way through he can't hang any longer so i try and finish the blunt but then ended up putting it out .
The person sitting next to me once told me that she had sex at the age of 12 . Nobody else in my group had heard the story, and nobody else had heard it . i didn't actually say anything, but i still feel really bad about it . Back to Mail Online home . Back on the page you came from .
i was making filipino chicken adobo and thought i'd spice it up by adding some serranos . i needed to blow my nose and whoa nelly!!! fiery, burning, tear enduing, vicks vap-o-rub ain't got nuthin' on this shieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeet. breathing out helped a bit, but breathing in, ohmygoodness. well, i didn't have that, but i had everclear...so q-tip of everclear to the nostrils, which was a frightening preposition in and of itself, but soothing relief did come...and
The optometrist in peterborough said what happened was most likely inflammation caused by dryness in the eye . Optometrist gave him some eyedrops to take if it happens again . The cause of this? my hypothyroidism. I was given two more appointments for this on the 19th of april and on the 1st of may .
Shocking incident happened in southern california . Shocked shorts were soaked with water and shit . Shocking up to 45 minutes in the bathroom . Shocks were soaked in the shorts and covered in the entire backside of the backside . Never again will i freeball in white shorts .
As a bisexual man with a healthy appetite, i occasionally like to sample myself . i shoot again, and once again, get myself in the same eye . Somehow, no one asked any questions about it, and it apparently cleared over the day, because it was gone when i got in .
i was told that i would be home alone and i should take care of the house . While most of the books were downstairs, i decided to find a good read somewhere upstairs . After about ten minutes in i hear moaning or yelling or something, i came to terms with my grandparents getting it on .
It's 4:30am and i have to pee...i walk downstairs and notice the kitchen light on . Suddenly i see a pair of light blue victoria's secrets panties . At this point my head is flipped, i realize these are my friends panties, a girl we opened our home up to while she was visiting from California .
i wanted some chocolate milk with dinner but the bag was empty so i asked one of the workers if they had more . The bag of milk has a tube where the milk comes out into your glass . Like a rookie pulled the tube to hard and spilled the chocolate milk everywhere .
A doctor prescribed with rubbing a cotton ball soaked in isopropyl alcohol on the tip . After letting some urine out, the tip of my penis burned in a most painful fashion . Most unexpectedly, the sanitizing did not fix the issue . So, being a stupid teenager, poured 90% alcohol down my urethra .
i got downvoted hard. The le karma was bad enough . i got to downvoting hard.com: \"all my le karma :( :( :(:\":\":\" \"all le karma karma :(\")\")\").\").\").\")i.com.org.org for the vote.org .
i was looking at the tv and slipped and went forward . It felt like i broke it and for a second i thought i did but all that happened was the box broke and not dick richards . So much for ingenuity, so much for creativity, i got way too into it, slipping and going forward .
i just threw my middle fingers in the air and expressed praise towards lucifer . My family already thinks i worship some fake red guy, and i certainly didnt help myself with this . i am not a satanist nor do i aspirs to be, but the reaction of him hearing me say that was not fun .
This morning i decided to give myself an orgasm before work . The long nails scratched the shit out of my vaginal walls enough to draw blood . i knew i was a horndog but this is just embarrassing . 28/f here.com/commodestest .
A tranny claimed to have a 10 inch cock and 38d tits . She was wearing the thickest bra padding i have ever felt in my life . The hooker was stuck making this happen in my car, so i decided to drive around with her directing me and her tree trunk of a cock in my hand . She then asked if i had a motel room, and i said no .
The glass sauce jar landed on a glass pickle jar that had also been in the recycling bin . Glass jar exploded into a mess of glass shards, making the bin a veritable death trap for anyone reaching inside . The pot was full of water, oil and salt, but water and oil spilled over the sides .
This is the first time in all my life that i've legitimately missed a final . This week i've been in overdrive catching up and catching up . The first time i got a final legitimately missed an oral final, and it's the one that i really need a good grade on because i suck at learning languages .
So, naturally, i go up behind him, and . think to myself, \"i'll creep him out.\" In a raspy, gutteral, paedo voice say \"tommm, i like you...\" The guy turns round and it's a compete stranger . So stunned i didn't even say sorry .
My mother has been in the hospital for a month now and my dad, sister and i take turns staying over with her . Since there are no beds available for guests at the moment, i fashioned one out of a bunch of chairs and a sleeping bag . It was then that i got a huge whiff of urine and mom pubes and i realized it was one of the pillows placed between her legs .
i was craving fried chicken. instead of having a normal sized portion i decided to eat 2 pounds of fried chicken . Bad to begin with, but then decided to layer on half a bottle of very spicy hot sauce . i'm struggling at work right now and been going to the bathroom all morning .
The entire bathroom was filled with water and it was running out the door, making a nice little pool on the carpet outside . After i finished i realised i was sitting in a pool of water a few centimeters high - and i don't have a bathtub . We had to take out the floor in both the bathroom and the room outside and part of the wall downstairs .
i saw some bucket thing that spins around on an angle, so it speeds up when going back down . The heavier you are (this thing is designed for 7-8 year olds), the faster it spins . 5 hours later it still hurts like crazy. What's worse, 2 girls started laughing at me.
i'm in the navy working out of an aircraft hangar and today we had the mas (military police) come through our command with a drug dog . The dog comes up to my desk and he's starting to sniff pretty good, he starts smelling my pocket when all hell breaks loose in this dog's world . He's barking, freaking out, practically shits himself .
i was sick, i said i was going, i meant to go, and i didn't go . Now i'm pretty sure i'll be fired in the morning, which doesn't help the fact that i'm almost homeless right now . So immature of me, and now i have no recourse! so, tifu :)
i am graduating from college in a few weeks. got an email to schedule an interview for a job that's really cool and in my field . When reading over the email chain, i realized i had sent an email misspelling the interviewer's name . It's the equivalent of writing \"anne\" as \"annie\"
i was getting lunch at a local sandwich place and felt a sting in my eye suddenly . The eyelash in the far corner of my eye is driving my eye crazy . i dig into my eye, not thinking about what i am about to do, and i get deep in there, the eyelash like its a live darts under my contact .
The girl dropped her pencil and it rolled over to where i was sitting . Instead of using a different 'gangsta' word, my brain just spit out 'homie' again with a random vowel sound attached to the end . So naturally i blurted out, \"no prob, homo..ohhhh...girrrrlllll...^pal...^mrfff....\"
A few weeks ago, the older sister of, lets call her, \"rose,\" died in a car accident . Out of habit at that point, i ask loudly, \"you have a brother!?\" she looks at me, tears practically welling up, and says that, \"its ok.\"
My earlobe started feeling funny this morning so i went to the bathroom to assess the situation . Turns out i had one of those incredibly painful, annoying, under-the-skin zits . Now i'm starting to get those \"i'm about to be sick sweats\" and feeling feverish .
Getting ready to go to work, noticed my section down under could use a nice freshening to get it nice and comfy so my junk stuck to my legs . Without looking, i grab the hair spray and spray it liberally all over my stuff, including my asshole .
i was wandering through the mall, when a cute dress caught my eye . Being a girl, i had to try it on, for kicks . When a toddler knocked on the door handle and knocks on the floor . She looks up at her in her business, smiles and decides to come all the way inside .
My father has been doing decorations for a while . this month its the bathroom and spare bedroom . He needed a new wardrobe for it, so he needed to help . The wardrobe weights 2tons for some reason, all in the top, so we take it apart . After taking it apart, we had to put it back together .
In college, three of us were tossing a football around, and we deiced to try kicking field goals . As soon as his foot makes contact with the ball, he crumples to the ground, grabs his knee, and rocks back and forth, wailing, 'oh, god!'
The last day i worked as a pool worker at his local pool, i decided it would be fun to ride my bike into the pool . As i'm walking the bike out of the pool i set it down to fix my bathing suit, it falls off balance and the tire tears its already soft toenail straight up .
i just remembered it's my mom's birthday and i haven't done anything for her yet . i summoned my song/poem writing abilities and wrote a very long card and she loved it .edit:thank you all for your suggestions and i wrote a long card .
i work in a call center, when we're backed up, you can wait in line or leave a callback with a short message that will hold your place . When i hit * real quick to repeat it, nothing happened, but nothing happened . After hanging up, i just sat there for about 5min wondering if i just lost my job .
This happened back in high school, but i still messed up . When i had a cold that day, i had been keeping a giant fucking lugie in my mouth because i had nowhere to get rid of it . Without thinking, i frantically grabbed for my nasal mouth juice, trying to get it off this girl's shirt .
It's a rented apartment and the residue of acid has turned into a powder that is now eating at my wooden floors . Baking soda is the way to neutralise it so baking soda is neutralising it . Photos even personalised for johnknoefler, Johnknoelefler .
A male posted an interesting way to masturbate by clenching your butt muscles like you are pushing out a bar of fudge during orgasm . After some awesome dry humping and hot kissing and her orgasm... whoops. Whoops. Its fucking superbad up in the joint and i got a period blood stain on my underoos .
\"anna\" is a toothpick, 5' tall, and doesn't eat food . When asked if she could pretend to buy the clothes for herself and give them away . When i decided to say, \"it's in case i gain some weight over the holidays\"
Last night i felt like scooping him up, dropping him in the toilet, and then vomiting all over him and flushing twice . i channeled kareem abdul jamar's sky hook, forgetting myself, and slammed the fly, flat on his palm, right into my nuts .
The first one was barely worth posting, but 2? oh yea, definitely, definitely . After i ate it, one of my bunk mates offered me some new bread he bought . Later during the night, i had to go to a meeting for new arrivals and ate it in one bite and went on to the morning . The only thing i remembered is waking up in a chair and having paramedics asking me questions .
This summer i was trying to ask out a girl who went to my university . She worked at a biology center doing tests on the water and the fish in the nearby river . One day she complained how she needed coffee because she was tired but couldn't get away from work . She declined because it was \"too nice\" of a gesture .
i was visiting the in-laws this weekend and woke up pretty groggy from a night of partying . In my groggy state, i did not think clearly to check the floor so i left the bathroom . An hour later, my sister-in-law was getting ready for work .
\"Farting on black midgets,\" he ranted about how i was racist, and how hard it is to be short in the hood . He went on a rant about how he was racist and how it's hard it's to be a short person . The gas station down the road was careful not to poot on anyone .
i pop off 13 keys before i realize they are not going back on all the way and aren't attaching to the right side . i have to take the thing into the mac store and have new risers put under 7 keys . Do not try to do it without the right tools!
The 5p coin got lodged standing up deep in my nasal passages . The next day i went to the hospital for help, and had to have surgery to have it removed . The worst bit of it all was when the nurse got me ready for surgery but when she was done i saw her go over and talk to the other nurses, then they all looked at me and laughed hysterically .
i had a lemonade, animal-style fries, double double burger, and a milkshake for an early lunch . At this point i was still feeling good, but it was the pain that you get after you ate way too much food . Then, out of nowhere, i ran to the bathroom with explosive diarrhea . After vomiting, my sister decided to watch my entire display .
i was living in virginia in a beautiful house on the edge of farmland, surrounded by mountains . One day i got a couch request from a guy named jacob. He needed a place to stay for two nights because of a hurricane that was to be coming up the coast (sandy) i told him as long as he said he was my cousin that he could stay for the two nights . Two weeks later i get a phone call from my other roommate norin . They tell me to be out of the house by the end of January .
Service adviser is a service adviser for a ford lincoln mazda dealership in louisiana . After switching desks with another adviser and his computer was slow as christmas . Reorganized my new desk and the rat's nest of wires under it was from 10 years of technological stupidity . One single ethernet cable lost this company $800,000 .
i am 27 years old and haven't been able to face the facts that i am gay . All of my relationships have crumbled because there is a part of me that just wants to be with a man . Every time i've tried, it slaps me in the face like the universe is telling me i'm straight and i'm fucking with the wrath of god .
The woman must have been at least 95 years old . When i knocked her down, i also dropped several of my own bags . turns out that i accidentally took one of her shopping bags with a few garments in it (receipt says the total cost was around ~$108)
The German germans from a town called bremen were invited to a limousine . The receptionist tells me that i was more drunk than he's ever seen me, if you know me--which you faggots don't--you'll know that that is a big, big fucking statement . When you're blackout drunk you tend to do bad things .
The delaney crew live across the street from a bar where i have become quite the regular along with some old timers from the subsidized housing building next door . Often, they get shitfaced and end up needing a helping hand across the road, a task that i have somehow inherited, though i don't mind it .
Im staying over at a friends for a couple of nights... as a17 year old you never expect to encounter these problems . In my dream i start to piss... lovely. Wait a second. wait a second . ill try and change out of these cloths thrn get a twel and wait fr the towel to suck up thr piss .
i went down the coast surfing from 6am till 2pm in just board shorts . i came inshore after about 5 hours had a break and went back out for another 3.5 hours . i currently look like a cooked lobster and everything that i touch hurts .
i knew what it was all along!!! i was just not thinking; polos and button ups were just not going through my head . The polos were just going through their head and such were not going to go through their heads . :/ i knew the polos, button ups, such as button ups and such .
The running joke in the province is either that they don't speak french, or when they do, they do it hilariously badly . Having studied french to university level, i have embarked on a campaign to try and get into as many french conversations as possible, if only just to improve my level and get used to the accent .
The poor bastard high-five me . The poor man high-coached him . He was confused by someone completely different, a friend-of-a-friend who in retrospect doesn't look anything like \"j\" The pair were quite confused, and next time i see them will be embarrassing .
The only thing i forgot was to turn my camera off during the switch . About 250 pictures are still missing . The images were taken in a different way, but the only thing is to be lost is to the camera . The only one is missing is to turn the card off during a switch .
A few months ago my girlfriend of over a year ago attempted to kill herself by taking every pill (over 100) She ended up in the hospital for two weeks . On her birthday i borrowed my parents car in the middle of the night and visited her . On the last night of my adventure i got arrested for not stopping entirely before turning on a steady red .
i posted to random acts of pizza because i hadn't eaten in two days and some one was nice enough to order my a 12 inch pepperoni pizza! i got so excited and gave my savior my information and waited . The pizza guy had been ditzing around on my street for 20 minutes because i gave the wrong building number and it's raining!
i'm in my second year of college and my this is my second week living with this roommate . Over the course of the last two weeks she has told me that she was recently diagnosed with anxiety, depression, as being bipolar, ocd, and she suffered a mental break down a few months ago . Today she decided she didn't \"feel like eating\" and she decided to talk about it the whole day .
on this dreary and lonely night, i decided to look up 'porn' on 'youtube' The porn played on my dads 52 inch plasma with surround sound . It played on his dad's 52inch plasma with  surround sound, but i pressed tvqueue and it played on the screen .
My mom kicked my dad out this summer for reasons that don't pertain to the story . My dad was working at his buddy's auto shop doing computer work like ordering parts and keeping things on file . The economy's in the shitter so he got laid off yesterday because they didn't need him .
The score is: wings 3, my burning anus 0...and it's not over yet . So far, i decided to try to eat 18 mango habenero wings for dinner.comcommodation.com: Wings 3 wings, my anus 0.com .
After a great night of entertainment and conversation, we go back to her place, we have a few drinks (mostly consumed by her) Then she grabs me and starts grinding me on her bed . After a few feeble attempts to get her to stop, i just go along with it for a while, because i'm stupid, somewhat drunk, and extremely horny . Now i feel like a monster and want to kick myself repeatedly in the testicles .
The cold, boring sunday.comcomprecious girlfriend comes over . She crawls into bed and goes under the covers . She starts humming my shaft . The girlfriend flips out.comprepared to yell at me for disrespect . She storms out and storms out .
A few weeks ago on a sunday, i had spent the entire weekend mentally preparing myself for a surgical procedure that i've waited for the last few months . The cyst in my femur shattered like an egg and i had to get emergency surgery that following monday . i was then hospitalized for a week and i've been recovering from that accident .
The whole interior of my car is instantly covered in broken glass . The second the bottle leaves my hand though,  **crash!** and the whole interior was covered in glass . In my haste to rid myself of the drippy pee bottle i'd actually opened the *back* passenger window instead of the front one, and had just thrown it at a closed window .
Aussie grads had to be up at 6am for graduation day . The parade was cancelled, couldn't take pics with my phone . My parents flew over from australia just for my graduation . The pictures are another story, but the pictures are still another story .
sodium is an alkali metal, which means it's on the very left of the periodic table . So being the curious science person i am, i got a tiny piece (about the size of a grain of sand) and threw it into my applesauce . It caught the damn cup and napkin on fire . The principal called him up to the stage where he sat at, watching everyone .
The other night i drove someone home from work and he asked if i wanted to smoke with him . About halfway through my drive home, i decide to call my girlfriend and talk to her . The conversation quickly dissolved into an argument over her hanging out with her ex alone, and then it turned to if she cared about my emotions at all .
Girl whom i've had a relationship with for 4 years (on and off) had to be told that i messed with her closest friend a couple years back when we were having severe issues . My parents know this girl's parents and probably have to put their heads down in shame every time they see them now .
i'm having a chicken patty sandwich and fries so i have loads of ketchup on my tray . My milk empties most of its contents into my ketchup and my tray with some milk landing on the table . One of my friends sitting across the table from me tells me i have a little milk in my new ketchup .
A half-inch thick ultrabool is not supposed to take 50-odd kilos of weight, especially not on the edge of the open screen . Even my sister, with her extremely limited knowledge of computers, could tell that it was way beyond repair, she bolts out of the room, leaving a very stunned friend with a very . stunned friend .
A friend (we'll call paul) and i were staying out of town for a search and rescue conference for a few days showing off our uav aircraft . i shut the shower off, tied a towel around my waist and walked out the front door to let my pal in like any true friend . The 3 of us all laugh it off, i get a new key card, all is well .
i woke up at 3am with no memories since 4pm . i feel like a terrible girlfriend and a terrible person, although i'm trying to get in a mindset of \"everyone has their bad days and i had mine. at least it can only get better from here.\"
i decided to follow the instructions to a frozen-food meal . The meal sets the alarm off when i take it out of the oven . The next door guy, an awkward guy, comes over and runs out of his window . i run back to the front window, and throw on some shorts .
i woke up around 6, having no idea what was going on and yet still drunk enough to not be offput by that . Between then and 3 i apparently did some weed (never done that either) and then took a couple of blankets and pillows up to the attic of the garage and fell asleep . When i realized i should take everything out of the pockets...keys, a tube of blistex, wallet, and then...my phone...and then...the phone. disgusting, disgusting, and completely fucked .
i devoured my food and these collosal chicken pieces which unmercifully cut my throat . The next day i was feverish, had a splitting headache, an incredibly upset stomach, nausea, 4 kanker sores and, the worst symptom of all, a feelimg of acid reflux which occurs every time i swallow .
i had the heat on med-low and went in to make some fries and left the chicken for 5 minutes . The chicken was on fire, and the heat settings wouldn't go down . The siding behind the bbq is all melted and about 5 panels need to get replaced .
One year ago, one year after he broke his humerus and needed surgery . He was paralyzed for 7 months and only in the last few months have been making progress . The surgeon said everything had gone over smoothly and that i should be as good as new in a few weeks .
i landed on my ass on the middle of the hood, not on my side like i should have, and slid off the side of the car . The momentum basically ripped my ass cheeks apart, causing me to fall on the ground in agonizing pain . needless to say, it was the funniest things my friends had ever seen in their lives .
Tifu returns to his old standby self-bondage . The testicles are deeply, horrifically sensitive to the effects of tabasco . After a 30-minute experiment, i set the clock for 35 minutes; 5 minutes of fun, then 30 minutes . After that incident, i swore that i would never darken the door of tifu again .
i am, or was a truck driver. This man would send off his favorite drivers early off and leave me for last, with last minute cargo and expect me to reach certain destinations in an unreasonable time . At which point i told him i knew about all the rumors he spread about me, how ive caught him drunk on the job .
burns burns burns to the ground . The burns are burns in the air . It burns burns on the ground, but burns are still burning . The burn-out of burns burns was caused by the burns of burns to his body . The first time a burns burns have been seen in the U.S.
/u/soulcoughing97's cousin is in from russia for a few weeks on vacation . He can only verbally speak a few english words, yet cannot read the english alphabet . His cousin bought chocolate bars for his birthday, and bought all $20 worth of candy .
i got one good and stuck right between my front teeth . In an attempt to pull it out the (hot pink) post-it ripped, wedging its remains further into my gums . i used a plastic tea bag corner to finally push it down and out .
The college is calling a meeting about my 'inappropriate' behaviour . My computer was logged off and my account has been logged off . i didn't really think much of it, to be worried but i was just thinking that i'll get a smack on the wrist, type of thing .
The 19-year-old and her friend have known each other since first grade . The text asked me that, were someone to offer me a blow job, if i'd accept . She found out that her bf dumped her and cheated on her . i'm not complaining. Apparently, i was her goto revenge fun .
i panic and press the halt button, open the microwave door, and the smokes rushes it's way out . Luckily, there was no fire, at least, luckily, there's no fire . My body smells of burnt food, my house stinks now. Luckily, no fire was at least .
i was outside and fumbling with the doorknob for a good minute before i opened the house . Then my sink faucet is kinda screwy and wouldn't give me more than a drizzle to rinse my eye . i was trying to remove the tab from the nozzle on the can it popped out and i sprayed my eye with it .
After watching netflix and hulu catching up with shows, i realized i had been a major slob and decided to go running . The next 30 mins were the most painful, awkward moments of my life as i trudged through city blocks, sitting down and resting trying to get home .
The kind of dump summoned from the anus of satan's anus . After over 40 minutes in the shower he was finally done . \"there's poop on the rug, look,\" says his throat went dry as i examined the mysterious feces, sitting happily on the floor of his bathroom .
A few hours later i wake up and go to the dark kitchen to get a drink and i spy the watermelon on the counter . With my wife not home i decide to channel my five year old self and destory that huge slice in a few large bites . The second piece is crawling.
Drinking game where you had to drink a pint and eat 3 digestives that were layered on top of each other . But i coughed them out causing my friend to laugh while drinking so he threw up all over himself and his other friend's sofa...some how i got the blame .
i parked my car at the bars last night while going out with friends . One of them gets a call that a bunch of people showed up at his house, so he wants to go there . No one leaves the party, everyone has to crash there . $180 to get my car this morning .
My g500 started bugging out on me after almost 2 years of faithful service . Turned out it's a fairly common issue caused by the copper spring in the clicking mechanism deforming and losing tension . i proceed to hack my way into the mechanism, do a half-ass job of putting it back together, snapping the side-buttons panel cord in the process .
i recently lost 100 pounds and i was out of actual fitting boxers . As i walked past my family, mother, siblings, the whole lot, my boxers fell and my man bits were out . My brother yelled \"i saw his balls\". i slowly walked to my room, and it twas awkward the rest of the night .
When i let out another by accident, i let it rip! i immediately felt the warmth of shit in between my arse cheeks . i'm now sat on the toilet with my shitty boxers staring at me in the face while i'm practically pissing out of his arse .
The ex-boyfriend broke up about a week ago . After about three swipes, it asked me to invite my friends . After a text message to about three hundred of my friends, i thought i clicked no.  nope . The app found people near you and shows their picture .
now my face looks like i head-butted the sun and stings like a bitch . Now my face is like headbutted, and that stings \"like a bitch\" Now I'm looking forward to the sun's sun-stings, he says .
i don't eat kfc a lot. i'm trying to loose weight, but i had a pretty bad week where i found out that i am going to need surgery on my spine . So i thought that i would treat myself to some kfc the fillet hotbox . Now i never get original as its too plain .
At the moment, no one else was at the gym . Immediately after this, i started running as well . Then, this super cute, wearing glasses guy gets in the gym. He just smiled and got on his treadmill . The good thing was that at the moment .
This week i was at a small out-of-state event where a family member was receiving an award . My introduction was also the opening of the event, and my uncle said, \"oh, no, nothing like that\" The worst part: seeing my father, who's the picture of propriety and an excellent public speaker, shaking head and looking at me .
50% though the bone and 75% around the bone . 50% of the bone were found in the bone, 75% of them around . http://://://http.c.com/uylsffq,h8hgd6q.htmlhtmlhtml.html .
i sent my friend a message over telling him that i'm nervous and don't know what to do with her . Instead of replying to him, i replied to the girl with, \"if i get too stressed my dick won't function as advertised\" she still hasn't seen it .
i decided to dangle a long piece (four inches) of left over gristle out of my mouth for him . As soon as i put it in my mouth and dangled it above him he sunk his teeth into my top lip and the steak all at the same time . Blood started pouring everywhere .
i decided that i had no business being sober on a beautiful friday so i broke out the rum and beer . After much deliberation, the penis won out. After a while of being drunk i was both hungry and horny at the same time . The worst part was the cheese sauce burning my dick like melted plastic .
Half-naked indian guy was standing in the room when i heard the door close and lock . In his drunken stumbling, while i was playing league, this guy manages to pee all over my roommate's desk, and i proceed to close my laptop and laugh nonstop for about half an hour .
about a year ago i had gotten a bit curious and sent an e-mail to another guy to see what would happen . i had no intentions doing anything irl though. not really sure what came over me at that time . Not sure what to do, would do anything for her. just wanna make this right .
Yesterday, i bought a gallon jug of arizona fruit punch . i cracked it open this morning at about 2.30am . To my horror i pissed all over myself, i drank the entire thing, then went to bed . To find out what happened to happen, i don't have diabeetus .
The only way out of london from where i work by tube is the jubilee line . Both tube lines were part suspended due to signal failure and a trespasser on the track at peak time . The crowds at the station were horrendous, and the barriers were shut off so no one was actually moving anywhere . Cab arrived at 6:15, we set off and i drift off for a bit, since i figured it'd take about an hour in traffic .
My friends and i were driving, just smoking a bit on backroads . They were actually heading back to their apartments when they come upon a roadblock . They ask us to park my car . i start having a panic attack, and i'm ticketed for possession of a small amount of marijuana . i have a court date set and i haven't told parents yet .
\"yeezus: on sight\" is the first track off his new album, \"[all of the lights] The second song, is, lyrically, as much of an asshole as ever . The second track off the album, \"on sight,\" is \"black dick up in your spouse again,\" \"no sports bra\"
This actually happened a year ago . i had planned a vacation and took 5 days off of work to sit around the house and play video games . When i noticed my unibrow growing back so i shave it with a razor, no big deal . The side of my face has gained a pound and i'm starting to throw up everywhere .
Black caramel corn tastes like shit and 2nd degree burns hurt . Not a whole lot to say other than black caramel corn taste like shit . 2nd-degree burns hurt. Not a little bit of a lot of things to say, not a whole thing to say .
i am currently vacationing in south america where feral dogs are prevalent . The dominant dog of the two does not like to share and usually chases the other one away . Today i decided to give this dog a taste of his own medicine . At this point the dog stops growling, swallows the meat and marches away .
i'm a sub-contractor & occasionally i work for an old french carpenter . When we get there this woman comes out and starts bitching up a storm about everything . She complained very nastily to my employer that he was supposed to be here a few days ago to which he explained the door wasn't available yet so she complained that he should have called . My job is don't let anyone steal the tools if it starts raining so i move all the tools into the garage for shelter .
Production dept came to me 2 weeks ago telling me we needed to order labels for our products, we were running low, they had enough to finish the current project but needed 60,000 additional labels . By that time we'll be 36k short, and the product we sell costs $.90 each . The current customer ordered 12k more today .
The girl in her history class is pretty cute and we've been flirting back and forth . The conversation ended with him telling me to \"destroy her vagina\" i took a screenshot of the conversation and sent it to my roommate ian, because he was convinced nothing would happen .
i've scrubbed but i've never wanted to leave work to go home and shower worse than i do right now. ... precisely when a pigeon was flying and shitting overhead. ... landing right in the middle of my head. awesome. awesome awesome. We're happy to have a pigeon shitting on our head.
i'm sitting at the lunch table at work today when the topic of gta v comes up . This girl says her boyfriend plays it a lot and goes on to describe how graphic the stripclub/sex scenes are . No one at the table has played gta before and now they all think i'm in the head .
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery . Submit your best shots for next week's gallery of snapshots.com/Travel next week.co.uk for a new gallery.com . Visit CNN for more of the gallery to see www.nnnnnnn.com for details .
i am in a very new relationship with this incredible girl. She and i have gotten pretty close pretty quickly . One thing leads to another and we find ourselves moving from the bed of the truck to the back seat of my truck . After i got done i went to spit out his love necture because i did not want to swallow it...he was passed out cold .
The most horrendous fart noise is somehow created when my legs come together . \"To save myself, when he came back in, i demonstrated what had happened, and he was like, ok, ok. It just all around wasn't great. It was just like that, and i was totally dying.
i was rushing off to the gym and remembered i hadn't taken my vitamins and supps yet for the day . Put the pills in your sports bra, yoga pants have no pockets and the bra will keep 'em contained for a minute or two' The smell of fishy oil is now taking over the free weight area .
The repair cost me $450. The locksmith was adamant that this happens all the time and i just have to send in the receipt and deduct it from my rent . Management company refuses to reimburse me. gotta love nyc. gotta gotta love NYC.com .
i was doing a class activity about being honest and not thinking about your answer . At the end the professor asks, \"ok were there any 7's?\" nobody raises their hands and i raised my hand . i was the only one when i was asked if there were any 6's . i am dropping out next week .
Drunk friend gets arrested for drunkenly threatening a girl with a knife . Drunkly stumbled upon a cop giving a girl a citation as well . After about an hour, i completely forget that i had just gotten a citation and decided to walk back to my house...while drinking another beer... while drinking more . Arrested for burglary, disorderly conduct, and another open container citation .
i've been sick the past few days and have been on a liquid diet . Just an hour ago i had to fart and let it rip . right as soon as i let it out did i feel a damp spot on my underwear . Right as soon i felt a wet spot on his underwear .
i was day drinking at my friends place, we were hungover/still drunk so my mind was all wack . Suddenly there is a person asking all sorts of questions about the apartments . Apparently all the calls are recorded, her boss somehow heard it and now i can't get her to speak to me .
A girl in chemistry 1405 is absolutely gorgeous . She stole another kid's seat just to sit by me this class . After class she waited for me after class and we're talking . Instead of walking with her or asking for her number, i just say \"adios senorita!\" and she walks off .
i thought my room mate was going to be gone for the rest of the afternoon . Just as i'm getting to the best part, i hear the door start to unlock . He walked in, had the door open for a few seconds, and i just hung my head in shame, staring at the weird porn i had open, and for some reason, refused to close .
This morning my only class of the day got cancelled and everybody in my house had already left . i figured that since i have the day i would roll two joints and relax all day . i went out on the back porch and burned that first doobie down and it was great. Then i thought to myself i'm pretty stoned i will save this second joint for later . i have no clue where that second joint is .
My 7 year old son and his older brother had been playing outside in the back yard sprinklers on and off all day . When they finally come back inside they are exhausted and go straight to bed, it seemed perfectly ok to me . At about 1 am when he walks into my room trailing diarrhea behind him . turns out he had felt like he had to fart and let it out in bed, but it was wet one .
tifu at work today i needed to change my sanitary napkin and was in a mad rush . One of my co-workers came out of same restroom laughing showing off a pic of my bloody pad laying on the back of the toilet .minutes after i left the restroom a co-worker came out .
i'm almost 20, and i've known my bf for 4 years, dating him for two years . My dad apparently is having indigestion from thanksgiving and hears us up, even though we triple checked everyone was asleep . Since my door doesn't have a lock, he sees his precious daughter being strangled and gagged on the bed . He flips out (understandable) and gets ready to call the police .
i got a ticket for drag racing, which in my state is a misdemeanor class 1 on the first offence . The officer let me drive home and gave me a court date . Now i'm at risk of going to jail, losing my job, and apartment . i stay up at night worried and i can hardly eat .
i thought this will unleash a wave of drama, i should really screencap it and send it to my buddy . But i did, **but i sent it to her****** but i did . She is now asking me why did i send her a pic of her own tweet, any ideas?
After a long and stressful day of dealing with customers, it's nice to have a few beers after my shift . By the 6th beer or so, i'm standing outside having a smoke under our pagola (sheltered extension thing added to our house in our backyard) my dad made a bbq with a side of meatballs which were cooked in a pot on the wok which extends from the barbeque . After thinking how surprisingly appetizing the grease tasted, i pick one up (assuming it was a bit of meat left over from the night's dinner) and stick it in my mouth .
A week ago, i left my boy-friend's house . My boyfriend (w/ his best friend {a girl] and his brother) scrolling through my phone . His best friend showed up, smirked at me and gave me this bitch look, and said \"you've got some explaining to do\"
7 cop cars pull up and 2 of them get out of the car and run up to him . 7 cops (and there were more than 7 cops) came to the scene . The sergeant wasn't too happy, but the sergeant was not happy, though, though .
i take a solid two and a half hour snooze and wake up at the next stop . i woke up to the most unbearable back pain that prevented him from getting out of the car and stretching . Nine hours later and my beautiful girlfriend is massaging my back with a warm rag .
Little brother's computer broke last week so our dad had to send it in for repair because it's still under warranty . When i was his age it was hard enough to get our parents to buy me new clothes let alone neat electronics or toys . His little brother went snooping on his computer while i was gone .
The professor decided to check what i've written on the back of the page so he moves my paper to reveal what's under it . At first he didn't see it so i tried to slowly move my hand to cover it, which lead him to look there and see it . Best case scenario i am getting scolded and warned to be kicked out of the university .
Middle school teacher has had a very nasty head cold recently . In his haste i did not read the label of the juice bottle in the fridge and just threw it right down the hatch . By the time first period hit, i was feeling a bit queasy as i have never drank prune juice before .
Craft beer is the direction in which i want to turn a hobby into a career . Blacked out at the bar; came to with my head hanging in a bucket and my boyfriend letting paramedics into our apartment to try and take me to the hospital . i also found out that even when blackout drunk, i am aware of how expensive an ambulance ride will be .
Last week, i was so busy studying that i didn't realize that i had a third exam that same day . Ended up finding out i got a 24/50 on the exam . The worst part is that i could've petitioned to have it switched . Now i'll have to get 100's on everything else plus do all the extra credit just to get a c in this class .
The goalie for our team is not the best, she's a little chubby, a little weak, but super nice and cute . When i blocked it, i punched her in the face, giving her a nosebleed . She forgave me, and is only a little pissed .
An autistic six-year-old son shouts at the bus driver, \"are you threatening me? yooooou are a bunghole!!\" The bus driver says \"hi\" to him, like she does every morning, shouts at him . The bus bus driver was so rude, he shouts at her .
A few minutes later the bottom of my tool was burning like fire . A nurse told him to take a shower, which seems to have done a good job of making it go away . \"I called my mom (a nurse) who laughed and then told me to take the shower,\" he said .
i'm a year 11 student in england with a leisure center and swimming pool . After hearing a comment about me created a jockstrap another pupil walks round the corner inquiring \"did i hear someone say jockstraps?\". He then proceeded to unbuckle his trousers and drop 'em to the floor revealing his almighty man thong .
i'm pretty sure i'm failing linear algebra . All (yes, all) of my friends are graduating, and here i am, sitting here masturbating . All the friends graduating are graduating. they have jobs. They have jobs, i have a friend who had companies *fight* over him .
i dated a girl for a year and a half and we very recently broke up . She at one point bought pink spandex for running, but they were too big for her . Since i wear compression shorts for underwear, i told her i'd take them as a joke . When i got back to work, a customer told me on his way out that he liked my fashion sense .
i didn't think it'd be a big deal to leave 5 minutes later than normal, since i normally get to work about 25 minutes early . i arrived just a couple of minutes before clock-in time . \"leaving 5 minutes late = spending 20 more minutes in traffic,\" he says .
It's 7 am and i'm woken up by my cat mewing and pawing at me when he suddenly starts getting ready to throw something up . The cat is fine and i get to scrub cat vomit off the floor in two spots in the two spots .
The story happened on 3/30/2013 at a convenience store . The other assistant manager, let's call her seana, lived about 15 miles away and was snowed in due to a lack of clearing efforts from the state plows . While i was coming out of the women's room, a man with about 40 extra pounds darted into the men's room as i attempted to enter it to clean it .
A couple of months ago we did briefly hook up one night, nothing much happened . Last week i went over for dinner, we had wines, i slept over on the couch, all good i thought . Today she texted saying that i freaked her out when i stayed because i hadn't wanted to sleep with her . Now i am the scary friend who comes on to everyone .
i asked him if he ever wanted to have sex with other people, i was wondering because he lost his virginity to me and both of us are fairly young and have been together for 2 years . Sure ive thought about it but they were fantasies that i would never want to carry out .
\"nothing good ever comes when you 69. nobody ever comes\" \"something about the way his legs were laying there like a weird, floppy, frog made me laugh hysterically and it was so awkward. It wouldn't have happened if we weren't 69ing. It's so awkward.\"
This actually happened when i was 7? about. about. I have super sensitive skin and sometimes my v would itch a bunch so an easy way to make the itch go away is to pull on them . i did this awhile and now i look like a little weird and wrinkly i'm not sure compared to the normal v though .
:( :( :( . :( :( : : : \"I'm not sure why I'm going to be a victim of a heart attack\" The heart of the world's greatest pain, the heart of this year's heart-breaking news.com/soul of the story .
Two little blue tits are curled up together in the shape of a heart, and they appear to be dead . They were almost certainly dead, no movement or heartbeat what so ever . They even let out the occasional little tweet . A falcon tries to smash its face off the other side of the window, trying to grab them .
The glass burst and alcohol poured all over the hand holding the torch . Being low on hash i wanted to smoke the reside within the pipe . Being impatient, i thought i could evaporate the alcohol using my torch, and just keep it far enough from the alcohol everything will be all right... not was i wrong...
i decided to send whiskers back into their boogery haven, trimmed them and \"inhaled\" and snorting my own nose hairs . i've had a droopy sneezy nose ever since and i am snorting the air like i'm charlie sheen .
A small tingling itch in between my man jewels . Because i was wearing smooth pants, scratching on the surface would be tricky so rather than being a normal lad by reaching in there and scratching the spot . The third punch where my balls decided to sag abit down right in the way of my impending punch .
My friends and i were riding a penny board down a hallway at school . As my friend rides down the hallway the board turns and his back and head hit the edge of a wall . He bruised his kidney, cracked a couple bones, and broke 3 vertebrate in a perfect row .
i was getting a client ready for one of the stylists - she looked to be in her late sixties . She said her husband had died recently, and she spent the day crying in front of a picture of him . They'd been married 53 years, and went out to dinner and dancing every valentine's day while he was alive .
i mixed about a quart of water with a little bit of gas . The container i was using was made out of clay the fucker burned for at least an hour and a half! After giving it some thought i brought the hot container out of the loft and outside to the back yard .
Soaked semen spills across the tablet and onto my $600 phone . The $130 bluetooth headphones have come loose and are half dangling onto the tablet . It's like i'm watching in slow motion - huge . glob lands directly on my phone, even splashes onto my headphones .
i start rubbing my love button and moaning but the change of angle causes his penis to pop out as he is thrusting forward, the end of it colliding with the tip of my finger . i apologize because i imagine it must have hurt but he disregarded it and tells me to keep doing what i was doing . Cleanup took a while but the cut wasn't too serious .
i knew i was sweating a lot, and more so than usual . The worst sweating was where? right near the ass right where everyone could see . i know a ton of people saw my sweaty ass shorts, and now that i think of it i got some weird looks . i wont be wearing those shorts anytime soon .
When i turn off the car to get out, i lock my drivers side door, which locks the other 3 doors of the car . 3 seconds later i heard my engine running and my brain made the connection . The fire department came and they came and opened it for me, all the while laughing .
i take a lot of meds for a variety of reasons throughout the day . Since i only have to take an anti-anxiety pill in when i wake up, i just count out 7 from the main pill bottle and put them in a separate bottle . Since my sleep meds are only to be taken as needed .
After work, i went to a bar with one of my managers to blow off some steam from the hectic weekend . When i got to the parking lot...my car wasn't there it was most likely stolen . Police say they have the basics, red civic, my state plate (just not the number)
An over-zealous police officer grabbed me, slams me up against the suv and placed me under arrested without reading me my rights . An hour later, i'm pulling up to this red light in the hood when suddenly the car just dies . An officer had seen me place the gun in the trunk, and told me he needed to open the trunk of the car, and i put it in his trunk . The officer opened the gun case and see's that it's an unregistered sawed-off shotgun . My friend takes it upon himself to go to his girlfriend's house, tell her that i'm going to be in prison for 8 years cause of the shotgun, but i
A year ago, i was going to my friend's prom on the friday before . i slept over at a friends house with one other girl (codename: amber) and even though i only planned on a few drinks i got pretty drunk . At 5 a.m., isabelle's dad woke up and smacked the guys around a bit before kicking us all out .
i finally had money after receiving my income tax and money from my employer's bankruptcy to pay for my tuition . A few days after i had made the $785.12 payment for the remainder of my tuition, but the funds hadn't been paid off . A couple days later, i checked my phone account to see when the next bill would be due and how much it would come out to, only to find that my balance was at -$760somethingsomething .
i was on my way to bring in the trash cans this afternoon when i saw a dust ball like figure moving on the road . Without thinking i rolled over one of it's hands and it made a loud squeal . The mole was disoriented for about 20 minutes and started acting lively again .
i have 4 injections of insulin a day, one kind i have which is short acting insulin that works in the background to level out my blood-glucose levels . Before bed every night i have an injection of lantus which is a long-lasting insulin . The next day i'm still high and forgetting the rule i say fuck it and push it all the way up to 46 units . This is the scariest 6 hours of my life .
i was at my class before the bell rang and i was sitting there alone when i saw my friend, who is black . When i leaned over and said to him 'go back to africa!' when the i turn around and see the professor standing right behind me .
At work i usually wear a bikini style bikini style panties that are comfortable and don't ride up with all the work i do . At work, i noticed there was a small (pencil eraser sized) hole in the crotch . Peeking out of the hole, angry, was a part of one of my pussy lips, like a tiny angry thumb . Then spent the rest of the day mortified that anytime i opened my locker, my panties would fall out .
So, i got out of my class early, so decided to go to the library like i usually do, but this time i was there about 20 minutes earlier than usual and there weren't any computers open . At 11:00, 15 minutes before class starts, one girl enters from the exit nearest to the classroom and sees a paper taped to the door informing us about the class being cancelled .
Not 5 minutes into the frying my pan bursts into flames almost burning my eyebrows off . Like a ninja i turn the heat off but then i panic and have a brain fart . Housemates are shouting at me for being an idiot even though i have no idea why the pan caught fire in the first place .
i recently went out to meet up with my long distance pen pal turned crush turned lover . After one weekend she turned crazy and ran back to her manipulative, closet homosexual, abusive x-fiance . This morning with a slight headache i popped my morning dose of ambien right after waking up and heading out to work .
My friend and i need to get home and his bus (at the front) was already leaving so we hopped on my bus . In my district you need a pass if you are not on that bus regularly, so i told bus driver that my friend was my german exchange student . In a heavy accent my bus driver believes him than further calls the bus company to question protocol .
A mechanic left a car on his rack that i left there last night . When i went to lower my lift all the way down to check the interior, nothing happened . No response from the controls at all. i couldn't raise it, lower it, or drop it onto the locks . As i'm pulling up to my house, the trash can is behind my miata, in the spot where i parked my xd .
The dolphin started talking to me, attempting to persuade me to dive into the water . Eventually, i eventually gave in and got arrested . Never listening to dolphins again. This actually happened yesterday but anyway, but anyway: This is because i was at sea world and the dolphin tried to persuade him to dive .
i had started noticing her more over the last few weeks . She'd had a boyfriend so i didn't push it more than anything casual, but i found out friday that she's been single for a few months . \"cool, yep, shes cute.\" and then my elbow gets bumped .
i have to stop getting drunk in the kitchen...... i've had a few times so far that i know of . As some of you kind folks mentioned, baking powder isn't flour... as some of the kind folks said, as well as baking powder is not flour...
i got incredibly drunk last night, eventually culminating in me passing out in the middle of campus . The worst part was seeing my mom sobbing her eyes out as my parents picked me up . Now i have a court date tomorrow and probably a stain on my record, writes a blog post .
i recently began working as a waiter at a local banquet hall this month . The owner is a real hard nose, but it is usually no worries as he stays in his office . As someone like me who hates being front and center, 70 people pointing and gasping while my bosses fume is as close to armageddon as it can get .
i was at work recently and started feelinging ill. my stomach was really sour so i decided that a pack of peanut butter crackers from the vending machine would help, they were the near neon orange kind. After and hour i wasn't feeling any better so decided to pack it in and go home, i leaned out the window and blew the entire contents of my stomach all over the lady's suv behind me. midstream i noticed that it was ompalumpa orange. It covered her entire windshield. To make it worse, she was out of windshield wiper fluid .
The northern lights would be visible in my area, but i thought it would be fun to sit outside and have some wine with my best friend . After a lot of wine, we both needed to use the bathroom door to open the door...and it wouldn't budge . The door was locked in the window and locked the door .
The biggest, thickest crap i ever seen . The length, girth and the fact in was in a solid piece and did not look too disgusting made me want to share this specimen with my wife . We are starting to potty train our son, so his mini toilet is in the bathroom also .
The 16-year-old hit a neighbor's car in the street . The entire front bumper had been lopped off, and it was hanging on by just a small part . The neighbor who the car belonged to came outside and told me it wasn't a big deal, and the dad said he'd done much worse as a teenager .
My little brother tried to play minecraft later that day . After booting up i get the black screen saying \"bootmgr is missing\" Later that day my little brother tries to play mecraft . He just unplugged an external hard drive and the computer rebooted with no problem .
i drove drunk from a bar last night . Lost control around a turn, skid off the road into a field . The cops were called. no one was hurt. My family and i think i'm the scum of the earth. which i am for risking what i did .
My truck spun, flip and smash into a tree . The truck then becomes friends with a tree stump causing my truck to spin and flip . The video was posted on iReport.com/says.com . Back to the page you came from behind and posted .
i was with my gf whom i was very touchy/feely on me just kissing and hugging me when sure enough mr.wood made his appearance . i was wearing basket ball shorts and i am sure a lot of people saw me clearly with a hard on. a very busy park lol.
In high school, i was asked to recite the pledge on mic in front of a crowd made up of veterans, and that i respect . Thanks to my years of being way too cool, i fuck up saying the pledge . The pledge of allegiance was made up by veterans and a number of older people .
\"i was feeling in a shitty mood today, i was hungover and smoked a lot of weed last night\" When i felt this whirring in my stomach, i thought it was going to be a fart, but no-no spot exploded, and i felt it . My boyfriend is coming home in less than a half hour and it smells terrible .
i decided to bike around a local park shirtless . In the distance i hear a young voice exclaim what seems like the statement every human being is compelled to say when they see a shirtless male . As you've guessed, it wasn't the 7 year old boy, it was the 4 year old girl .
High School senior is married to a senior girl because he got her pregnant . Five months ago they miscarried and it was at the school a horrible thing, no teacher helped her... anyway they are still married and i like to give him shit for being married because we are 17 . i felt like the worst human being in the world .
The power got shut off thursday and has yet to be turned back on . i'm all alone at my house, hot as hell with plenty of energy . i convince myself it's a good idea to go to the gym, do yoga, run for about 10 minutes . After doing squats, i do 8 reps and it was pretty hard, i'm scared now thinking \"omg i'm gonna snap my fucking spine!\"
i'm somewhat of a beeraholic; the sudsy mayhem that my life finds on a daily basis would confound and apprehend the mind of even a lesser boozebag . It wasn't until the last drink that something came unstuck from the side of the can and tickled my pie hole .
This morning, i walked into my bathroom to see the toilet filled to the brim with brown water . When i was done, i grabbed a wash cloth that was nearby and wiped up the water then threw the towel on top of my laundry pile . The minute i smelled that rag, i knew. The minute .
A football player in the bay area is a size xxl and singer in la . When i was labeling the bags i swapped the labels and ended up shipping the giant football player a size small . This morning i got emails from both of their agents that i made a terrible mistake and sent them the wrong sizes .
i was 10 when this happened. This happened about 6 years ago . One night i was sitting on a couch with my sister and her son, my nephew (2 years old) He fell off the living room floor so he could sit properly to drink his milk . The firemen came and talked to my sister what happened . Later i apologized to my nephew and my nephew then everything went k.
The hot redhead is standing across from him in the opposite corner of the elevator . The camera app pointed them at her feet and took a photo of her feet . The flash goes off and everyone is looking at me with wtf looks . i just hope i don't have to ride the elevator with any of them again .
i had a dream where i was travelling on a train where two mysterious girls offered to have sex with me . While there, suddenly a guy and his friends who claimed to be their boyfriends arrived, and demanded my money . i made a run for it and they were chasing after me when i woke up .
i was in standing in the alley, puffing away contentedly on the odds-on favorite cause of my inevitable eventual demise . With mounting horror, i opened my left hand. until mere seconds ago, they had reliably held any number of things, but now *they held nothing*.
i thought i would be sexy and send my boyfriend some naked pics of myself via text . The next day i called the next day and asked if he had seen them . This then lead to the investigation of where the pics ended up....well i founds them. i successfully deleted the evidence from her phone only after hours of panic.
The tifu starts from about 2 weeks ago and goes until today . There's a rope hanging from a bridge and a huge block of concrete under that you can swing off of, about 10 feet over the water . The rope has 3 huge knots about 3 inches apart near the bottom of the rope and 3 smaller ones after . The knot at the bottom hit me in the chest, making the whole left side of me bruised . The last, about the size of 2 softballs goes through my ass .
i woke up at 5:55 am got dressed and was out the door by 6:20am . Instead of turning on the defroster in my car, good ole esquireking decided that he could scrape the ice off faster with some help from his trusty car keys . Now every time i see other drivers headlights, i have a nice reminder about my stupidity .
My boyfriend and i have been going strong on a diet for a few months . He went out with his buddies last night and left me home alone . Two bites in, i get a text message from my boyfriend asking whose car is in his parking spot . The sandwich was found in the entertainment center on top of the playstation . i will keep you posted if/when it is found .
i was drunk as hell when this happened . As a broke college kid i can't afford to replace it . i was so excited about going into the hot tub i just jumped right into the tub with my iphone 4... and as a broke College kid i couldn't afford it .
i had been living with my parents for a few weeks . Mum and dad were getting sick of my shit, and dad had told me that if i was to spew in the house one more time i would be out on the street . After a few minutes i started to feel ill, i felt the spew climbing up my body and before i could stick my head out the window .
i neglected to check the toilet at work today which i normally do . As i'm tucking my work shirt into my pants i feel a wet spot on the back of the toilet . i took that shirt off and scrubbed the fuck out of the one spot then cut off my hands .
i took a luxurious bath then left the most important aspect of it in plain sight . My parents found it and threw it away . Don't think i could use it in good conscience knowing that they know i have it . i can only hope that they don't decide to confront me about it .
A couple years ago, my buddy and i were sort of like \"biker boys\". Only thing was he had a very decent honda 600 and i had some bullshit dirt bike straight out of the mass production factories of sri lanka . One day we are riding around and ended up meeting some girls chilling by the lake and picnicking . Suddenly, the one who i'm talking to asks me to take her for a quick ride .
The most horrendous and unexpected sneeze rocks me off balance, sending piss in every direction and putting me on my ass . Now i'm hobbling everywhere because of my bruised ass cheek and the bathroom needs hosing . At least i was already going to have a shower, so i guess there's that .
i was cleaning the lid of my coffee tumbler with about 3 tablespoons of baking soda and two cups of vinegar . The cap exploded into the ceiling . It did a good job of cleaning the window and ceiling . There used to be a lot of tomato sauce splatters up there .
One of my brothers came home from college for a visit . i was recruited to carry all of it in from the car . Later that day, sitting in my room, i heard the low drone of what could only be a fly in my bedroom . i slapped it out of the sky, only to be promptly stung by a (rightfully angry honeybee that had snuck into my house .
A friend of mine was having a \"my mom is away for the weekend\" party at her apartment . When i lit a candle because our lighters were going out . The bed was on fire, i smothered the fire, dumped some water on it and it actually went out .
i think, its just nothing oh well, but then boom. chunky bits of wet-food vomit all over my floor and bed-sheet . Had to quickly get stains off the carpet before they set in . Used windex on the carpet, which actually worked .
i got up on time, but was preoccupied with getting her some photos loaded onto a usb, and wound up leaving for the airport late . Because she hadn't online checked in, she wasn't allowed on the flight, and had to pay $1600 to rebook the same flight for tomorrow . She is missing a day of work as an assistant to a ophthalmologist .
So for years i thought it would be cool to change my own oil . Only i drained my transmission fluid . Back to the store to get more trans fluid and a pump to put it in . well it was the wrong one. Go get the right pump and more oil, finish up 8 hours after i started, learn a lot .
A few hours before, during, or after a big rainstorm, i typically get a decimating skull-shot from satan himself for an uncomfortably long period of time . Instead of being a non-dumbass and just not making any tea, i decided to search for an alternative drinking vessel to employ for the job . The only remotely cup-worthy receptacle to be found was an apple sauce jar of dubious age . Upon further inspection, there were still congealed chunks of demon-bile floating around in tea water .
\"wake up still kinda drunk and totally nauseous, you could throw up at any minute,\" he says . He's working for about 3 hours with intermittent periods of extreme nausea, including running outside at one point certain i was gonna barf . At one point, the coffee is hitting me real hard, so i'm about to get paid to shit my balls off .
Construction site in the middle of a cul-de-sac with only a port-a-potty as a bathroom . The force of the impact caused me to get up screaming from the pain and uncontrollably shit myself . needless to say, i spent an hour, driving uncomfortably home, followed by a clean-up and shower .
A month ago, my boss was always on edge with me if i wasn't perfect he would threaten to fire her . At the beginning of august late on sunday night i got a text saying that i would come in on monday, my day off, without pay to \"finish what i started\" or i would be fired . After that ridiculous incident my boss threatened to fire me if only to keep my job another week or two .
A woman we work with is coming back on monday after being out of the office for a few months to give birth . Since it's friday and things are slow, someone starts passing out balloons and put them in her cube . The balloons inflate all round me while i pound through a bunch of work .
The only class i have with this girl is the last period of the day, so i went through all classes, getting a bit jumpier and nervous as the final period gets closer . As a joke i did a stupid cheerleading move, i accidentally hit the girl i like in the eye with my elbow .
After sitting with clients all morning, my back was really hurting, and i needed somewhere to stretch it out . After a few minutes, my muscles finally relaxed, which felt amazing . The break was an hour long, so as soon as it started, i got under the table and stretched .
i was walking to get my car, which just had it's tires rotated at kal tire . Walking for about 15 minutes, just beyond half way, my tummy got sore . Just as i can't go any further, the kal tires sign looms ominously in the distance . i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight .
The small one got sick a few days before she left, and i agreed to keep an eye on her and take her to the vet if needed . The vet said she had a heart murmur and her heart gave out, but she had also lost several ounces, and that she had an infection of some sort .
i was planning to do all my project hours and write all of my journals over the summer . But because i was going from my sophomore year to my senior year my summer was way busier than expected . Now i only have two and a half hours of feildwork hours and 1 page done and i need to hand in 11 pages in 10 hours time .
My dog got pissed because he wanted to 'play with us too' The dog then ate the condom and shredded the rest of the garbage . The dog ran off in surprise and then turns around, staring at me in complete horror . i look back towards the couple as i hastily turned the bag inside-out over the condom .
i was in year 10 (which was last year) and it was a tuesday . The music department was in the dining hall (they were partitioned by some cheap shitty wall) This meant that the music department still had additional rooms for 'practice rooms' i had the urge to piss. i look at my phone and see that the time was 13:00 **shit!** it's now period 5 (i should be in period 5)
my friend opened a store recently so my friend (not the store owner) and i decided to stop by and check some things out . One of the guys who were standing at the counter said it was his school bag, then his laptop bag . The guy next to him giggled, it didn't help at all .
as i was on my way back from my internship, i get off the bus to head to the train station . When i look the left of me and there is an ambulance headed straight for me . of course i run out of the way but now i am that guy. My shame is paying for it .
i put a bottle of purple nail polish in my pocket expecting to paint my nails on the hour long drive . After urination, a further inspection of my vagina found it had purple paint all over it in a trail leading up to my pocket . The lid had not been fully tightened leading to spillage .
The worst part? he wouldn't let me pay for it to get cleaned, so now i have no way to make up for my shame . \"The worst part?\" of the worst part of my shame? He wouldn't pay for my job, so i plan on slipping a check under his door on monday .
i've been looking for an engineering co-op for months and i finally heard back from two companies in one week . Got an offer from the first but was still waiting to hear from the second so i emailed them back saying the following: \"i am, however, but i am just making sure i am fair with the other employer\"
\"snooze\" turned out to be 1 hour and 45 minutes . At 7:45 i rushed out without showering, brushing teeth, or eating . At the end of the day: i smelled like shit cause i didn\u2019t shower/brush teeth, ripped my nice clothes, got a $280.00 ticket, missed 2 hours of pay, got yelled at by the boss .
i've got this heat rash in both of my armpits and elbowpits . i smeared icyhot all over and its still burning . So i went to my bathroom to bust out cortizone 10 right? nope. So i go into my bathroom .
Yesterday i had my last of 6 finals and decided appropriate celebration was necessary so i called up some of my friends to smoke some weed . After smoking, came the munchies, and i figure, hey, why not? So i go up to my room and grab the buns and bring it back down to my friend's room where i begin to open it .
i saw the commercial saying \"squirt a little or a lot\" and i wanted to try to use the entire package (meant for 24 servings) for my bottle of water . needless to say i drank the entire thing, it was disgusting, but i forced myself to do it . 2 hours later and my stomach hurts like fuck, i vomited twice, and my teeth hurt like hell .
An actor and assistant directing/assistant stage managing a production at a community theater that opens on friday the 17th . The director of the stage production doesn't even think performing at benaroya hall (in seattle) is a good enough reason to miss one rehearsal...i think i'm pretty solidly screwed here .
i haven't smoked weed for around three years, since uni days . After a second date with a guy i really like, i get tipsy . He suggests we go back to his garden, drink some more and smoke a spliff . When i stand up, i feel terrible, sweaty, head spinning, deaf in one ear .
i cant stop crying my eyes out. i can't stop crying out.i cant stop stopping crying out of crying out . i cant't stop stopping stopping crying crying. i cant cant stop stop crying crying out i can\u2019t stop crying.\u2019s crying out out.
The relationship ended due to the long distance between us and not the loss of love . But i hid my new relationship as i knew it would hurt her and i did not want that . Now that i've told her i think i've not only hurt her but i've broken her trust as well .
i decided to analyze a list of most used words on /r/tifu, seeing as it would be interesting . Analyzed with :   \u00a0https://://://www.rhiever/reddit-analysis.com/rhiever/./././tribu .
After working the late shift, i decided to head to the local watering hole to grab a few brewskies . By noon, i asked the bartender to call me a cab, and after about 20 minutes it finally showed up . After we hit the 5th stop light in less than half a mile, i realized this cab ride was going to cost me at least $60 .
i received a message yesterday evening, while at work, that potential renters were coming to view my apartment . i thought to myself alright cool, i'll just have to remember to put away my stash . The whole vibe of the room was awkward and none of the potential renters even looked around. i'm not concerned about getting in any kind of trouble, but it might have been the most uncomfortable moment of my life .
The first time it happened i was about ten years old and my mom woke me up in front of the refridgerator . When she woke me i was so startled that i dropped the glass which bounced but did not break upon hitting the floor . When i came to my senses and woke up i realized my hand was down my boxer shorts .
After an hour and a half of waiting i let out the fiery coconutty deuce from my poor little asshole.. as dark stains start forming around my once favourite khaki trousers . At this point i'm pacing trying to keep my mind off pressing the 'drop load' button and releasing this monster of a deuce .
i posted the e-mail i recieved from her in the [original thread] in the original thread . The original thread was originally posted on Reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1aco66/Ttifu_and_slept_through_my_midterm.
The company was empty, just me there, with 15 minutes to kill. might as well get some much needed relief. Unfortunately, i can't really fap in the seated position. unfortunately, i'm a stander, or laying down, and there was no way i was lying on the bathroom floor to beat my dick for rent . The sink just came off the wall, and myself water is shooting from the wall at my dick .
i'm not huge on driving. it's not like i'm bad or anything, it's just not my thing . There was no gas in our other car, and believe it or not i've never put gas into a car, so i just took our van . i got stuck, and started to panic because i had left my phone to charge .
i was driving home from college, its about a 6 hour drive . During my first wipe the door swings open, mid-wipe, hand in butt . i am left standing there in the most awkward position imaginable giving the \"deer caught in the headlights\" look to the man standing directly .
i forgot to remove the wax paper from one of the crusts before making and baking the pizza . Me and my family were halfway through the pizza before anybody noticed . i must have eaten about about about a notebook-sized sheet of wax paper on top of the pizza crusts .
i was just dropping off to sleep and was holding my erect dick as i dropped off . Unfortunately i had that moment as you teeter on the edge of sleep where you feel like your falling . Luckily no lasting damage was done and i cracked 5 out the next day just to check out .
Weight loss isn't good for me and it takes a lot of effort and appetite to not look scrawny . Every time i had to pull my waist up, i'd get depressed thinking of how i'm wasting away like christian bale in the machinist . i'd forgotten how scatter-brained i get when i don't take my ritalin .
my gf had recently gone home to find that the ashes of her dog were finally brought home . Her dog had been part of her family for 16 years . i asked why it took 2 weeks to cremate. in retrospect it was a very dumb question to ask when the wound is so fresh .
my girlfriend and i were in the throes of passion . As we were moving about, somehow i managed to nail her very hard in the mouth with my knee . Less than an hour later we tried again and that time there was no unintentional injuries . Still proud of this, (still proud) of this),
This happened to me and some old college buddies go on a camping trip every day . When i realized it was time to drop a butt-nugget, i dropped my trousers on a wasp nest . Within several hours, my privates had swollen sickeningly and i was forced to pack up my camping gear .
'did you hear about the one that involves me and your mom in bed together?' i gave him this really serious stare to add dramatic effect . The kid just sat down and didn't say anything after that after that, and everyone acted really tense . After lunch i asked my friend why everyone acted so strangely after the thing i said .
The dog slept in the middle of the kitchen floor of the house . When i went to check on him, the first thing i noticed was that he had dried blood smeared around his lips . There was blood and cotton on the carpet, sink, cabinets, everything .
i had a very short fling a few months ago, d and i are simply not compatible on any level and i am not remotely attracted to her anymore . When i left the bar and started heading home i made plans to hang out with another girl, d.  so i decided enough time had passed maybe maybe .
about a month ago i moved in with my uncle and he has his mother staying with him to take care of her . Last night i allegedly walked into her room and started pissing on her night stand while she slept less than a foot away . Luckily i was able to stay .
i went to the bathroom to see if i felt like it was on fire . The nachos weren't hot and had a more \"pickled\" flavor than anything . i realized very soon thereafter that my butthole felt like that . i've felt after-the-gaspaspyy .
16-year-old, shy lad, has an amazingly warm, funny personality, which i've been suppressing for most of my life . After a bit, i asked her out, but she declined, but we still remained friends . We started skyping at night, and skyped until 2am, then we did it again the next night . She said she admired my honesty and loved my personality .
today is a bank holiday in ireland and i traveled a few hundred kilometres this morning just to find out that my unit is closed, along with all shops, malls and banks . Three hours and 12 euros wasted travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar.com .
i was looking for a roommate. My previous roommate left, leaving me with the rent . The rent was close to $1,000 total and i felt guilty and couldn't find anyone i knew to fill the place . One chick said she was from canada and said she would send a cashiers check . Then she mentioned stuff about god that struck major red-flag .
i was lathering up my hair with an accidentally over-generous amount of [suave almond & shea butter shampoo] There were bubbly suds rolling down my face . In an attempt to not breathe any in, i inhaled... quickly . Once i coughed up most of the suds mixed with mucus and 'yellow stuff', i was able to breathe again .
i scraped the entire passenger front side door and dented it pretty badly . The car had been repainted the week before . i had to make the awkward phone call of his life, explaining how their car was damaged as they rush inside the airport and leave for three weeks . Now i have to wait for them to show them what i've done .
i went to prom with my current girlfriend and ex-boyfriend . The next day, i broke up with her for the other guy, he didn't want me back and i'm not gonna be begging her to take me back because i sure as hell wouldn't even want to be my friend after i pulled a stunt .
a friend told me it was supposed to feel nice; it didn't feel nice . It burned all my nipple hair off then stung like a bitch after i flicked . A friend told her nipple hair wasn't nice, but it burned her hair off and stung 'like a bitch'
Once, i decided \"i'll test if the socket is working!\" and shoved three or four fingers into the socket of the lamp . The closer to the base my fingers were, the further the electricity would jump from the lamp to my fingers . The room smelled just as you'd expect, burning flesh .
i was playing flag football when my teammate went for her also . My forehead connects with her shoulder and my neck hyper-extends backwards . i blacked out and puked again in a puke bag from the hospital . The moral of this story: don't play flag football or any american football .
The baby lets out a little smile, obviously not thinking now i keep repeating it . Now she is super depressed, wont even turn on a tv, and has been crying off and on all evening . i've done all the disaster recovery i, can do for now i think i need to give her space .
i take out the razor i have been using for about 8 months now . My dad asks him who's razor have i been using to shave her legs and \"other parts\" \"that's your mothers razor, shes been using that to shave their legs and other parts\"
Tomorrow i have world history final and i have horrible procrastination problems and have not studied a single bit . i'm really starting to freak the fuck out, world history has been my absolute downfall all year . i just don't get it. i have about 12 hours to study without sleeping or 8 with 4 hours of sleep .
i'd never done molly before! i didn't know i'd freak out and yell out to the whole bar that i was on molly . Can't even remember most of the night, can't remember most . And my roommate isn't going to be my roommate anymore because our apartment got fleas .
The title title says the title says it all ;((the title title) says it's all over the world . The title says that title says \"the title says all the words words\" are written in the title \"The title says a lot of the words\" The title comes out of the title .
Earlier this week my boss informed me that he was giving me a raise . Flash forward to today i forgot to put on my belt and of course i was wearing the most loose pair of shorts i own . Turned around to see my boss with a shocked/wtf look on my face while the letter carrier was laughing his ass off .
The relationship damaged me for years . She came past with her sister once to pick something up . While on the phone with her i got a call from a mate of mine. He called me 2-3 times as for whatever irrelevant reason, he really needed to talk to me . When she got lost, i directed her to take a different, better route home, she got well and truly lost . She was talking to her on my work phone (as it was paid for) and while on phone with his mate he called him 3 times . Now i think its hilarious .
i was browsing [this] post and then i heard a little \"crack crack crack crack\" sound . i just brushed it off and went \"i'll fix it later...\" then 5 seconds later bam my jaws slammed right into my desk and i slammed my ass on the ground with the chair .
i've been accepted to do an exchange in england, and have been meaning to apply for a bursary . At around 12:20, i go to the website to download the pdf form i need to fill out, annnd it's gone. It's only 500$ but i'll take what i can get .
Due to the school swapping around classes at the last minute, i now have to drop linear algebra and organic chemistry . While i am piecing together what to do in the intersection, i unknowingly drifted a little forward, causing a car to hit me . i then realize that the entire getting the book and ensuing accident were pointless, and all that ended up was me now owing money, not being able to take the class, and being without a car .
My group of friends became small over the past year - moving away, getting into new relationships, graduating, etc. i basically only had one friend left in this town, and became increasingly isolated and depressed . Now i'm no longer feeling as shitty and wondering why the fuck would do that .
http://waltherpragerandphilosophy.com/2013/05/overloaded-moments. http.httphttphttp://www.prager.org/httphttp.uk/www.org.uk for more information on how to help shape the shape of the world .
This isn't my fuckup, but it's my friend's friend's . This is because they flipped off the camera on a rollercoaster . They had to sit in the security booth or call one of our teachers, or call a security guard . At this point they had to stay with a teacher who is a total buzzkill .
Today, i stayed home from work because of my dbs (dead booty syndrome) because i pinched my sciatic nerve and my legs, glutes, and knees go numb . So, i refused to let her leave until she allowed me to pump gas for her . Fast forward, we get to the gas station and i pump $10 & she drops me back at home .
i was at a relay for life event with my family and all of our family friends . My sister, who teaches math in a high school, is talking about one of her students who didn't know the capitol of our state . Many of those \"family friends\" i didn't recognize were parents of her student students .
The story is more intense than that . With no toilet for miles, i had little choice but to become closer with nature . After a hike, i decided to do some free climbing away from the paths . The hard thing that i had dropped was an asian zing wing that i apparently couldn't pass very well .
i work in an office building and every door in the building is locked with a keycard access . When i got up to grab a glass of water, the water machine is empty . She was knocked out with a broken nose, concussion, fractured scull and some brain damage .
Due to a recent lack of fiber in my food, my shits are more and more liquid and so forth . The next step was shotgun, my ass fires off a blast at point-blank into the towel, and three drops ricochet and hit the carpet . i go back to the toilet, clean myself off, dress and go to work .
This year was our last year so we decided to put on a big fireworks show on the beach for the fourth . At this point i have the genius idea to shoot off nine mortars at a time . The nineth had a longer fuse, and got knocked over by the other eight blasts . It fell pointing straight at the croud of 40 or so people watching .
My grandma and i have always had a horrible relationship . Since she's my grandmother, i can't really tell her how i feel without getting into a cussing storm that would make the ying-yang twins blush . Instead of apologizing, i went to my computer and shut it down before going to my room and sat around .
my so and i spent the weekend at his family's cabin . The cabin is located in a rural, wooded area in the mountains, so bugs and animals are quite plentiful . After a few hours, things started getting frisky in the bedroom, pulling the comforter off the bed without turning the lights on and proceeding to have rather bind-blowing sex .
\"okay, probably just just buffering\" when i grow impatient and try to close my browser *it won't close . i struggle for about 30 minutes while the double d's look back at me in shame . As i walk out of my room, my mom just happens to be right there and sees my phone and its new attributes .
It took me a good while to research before making the first slide . When i submitted it to our group compiler, he told me i answered the wrong case discussion . The first slide was submitted to a group of compilers, but he was disappointed since i made the first one really awesome .
It's \"today\" i woke up, not \"thursday\" or \"two weeks ago,\" or \"ten years ago\" \"fooling up,\" says one of the worst things to do, not just \"th Thursday\" or two weeks ago, or ten years ago.\"
The boy got three stitches, a sugar-free popsicle he refused to eat . He got home from the er after midnight after midnight . The doctor said \"pack him up, the way it's positioned it could easily de-glove,\" she said . For anyone unsure, picture pulling a glove off a hand, now make that skin .
i said how its okay we are 18 and aren't in love and i don't love her . After having sex for awhile and switching positions her legs were wrapped around me . This caused me to pull out a few seconds later...halfway through ejaculation . After panicking i calmed down and am goin to go to a store store that prolyl will have in stock .
My son is very hyper active and my wife and i do our best to take him out and run out his energy . The boy jumps up and attempts to grab a firework immediately after its last spark . Wife hates this idea because she worries about fire, burns, etc. i assure her nothing is going to go wrong and try to engage the kid in some good ol' firework lighting .
i brought a hundred bucks to a casino yesterday . Before i leave i go to the player's club kiosks to see if i had earned any comps or entries to drawings . After the meal, i realized i didn't leave a tip, and i gave a middle-aged native american waiter a tip of alcohol .
i'm talking with a group of my friends in the middle of the night at nuit blance in toronto (all night festival) A short blonde girl with her brunette friend come out of no where and grab on to us . They tell us about a university party they are heading too and ask us to join . The group seperated from us anyway, they ditched us and we felt like idiots .
\"oh . shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\" - . \"oh you shouldn't use translate\" - said \"you should have . used translate\" to translate, \"You should have been used to use a dictionary.\" \"Oh . you shouldn\u2019t have used translation\" -
i was due this morning to give an important presentation to a society i help run . As i was reaching my concluding section, i felt the need to fart . It was only about a second after that i realised it wasn't a fart, it was shit . Only the fact i was in a skirt rescued me from humiliation, as it meant the lump was hidden .
i was singing \"this girl is on fire\" to my friend Nathan over and over again just for shits and giggles . He responded \"i'm not a girl\" since he's jewish and it's a huge part of his life and how he identifies himself . i was halfway through singing fire when i realized what i said .
Brother in laws season tickets are tickets for season tickets . Brother in law has to sit next to her every game every game . They're my brother in law season tickets. which means he sits next to his wife every game. They're her brother in laws' season tickets and have to sit together every game for the first time .
It was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible . It was 'terrible' and now I can't find it hard to find out . It's now the first time I have seen a baby's tummy, she says . She says: \"Now I'm sick, and I'm going to have a tummy problem\"
This happened when i was in 2nd grade and i still cringe about it . i walked up to him, smile and said: \"hey look, i can make my eyes look just like yours\" Then i stretch my eyes with my fingers, then i think the kid just walked away .
i made the ill-thought idea to dump my girlfriend only a couple hours after her friend died in a hit-and-run . Well, she called me, crying about finding out she was single, so i ended up taking her back . Now i have a girlfriend that i don't want, plus i have to help her grieve .
The chicken bacon ranch pizza gives me the worst shits . i'm hoping he didn't notice, because he hasn't said anything, but there is no way he smelled it . He asked if we wanted to hang out again tonight! Maybe it wasn't as bad of a fuck up as i thought!!!
\"frank\" is staying at a house not far from mine while his mother \"ethel\" was in the other bedroom . When i looked at my grampa and said : \"i have never seen someone smoke so many cigarettes! how is he alive! \" im hoping she forgets .
i was playing with the remote by slapping it on my stomach and after 10 minutes doing so i missed my tummy some how and slapped my balls really hard . After 10 minutes, i missed the remote and slapped it on it on the stomach . The remote was used to slap it on his stomach .
i'm sitting next to her friend all night with out getting a drink dumped on me so i'm farther ahead than normally . After two o'clock my friends cousin and her friend go to the bathroom and we are all waiting on them . i get tired of waiting and walk into the bathroom to see what's going on . After that we parted ways and i haven't heard from her since .
The former president of a major east coast university was shocked to find out what happened . The closet was locked in the back room where the items were put so they wouldn't get in the way of the party . It took us about a half hour to realize what had happened, and how awkward and odd it seemed .
i knew he was going to find out eventually, and now it happened . When he confronted me about it, i had no counter-arguments whatsoever . My mother doesn't know, but she might cut me some slack . i hope. i'm so bad. i hope .
about an hour ago, i decided to spank it a bit . After i finish, i'm making sure my alarm is set, and i realize that my door is cracked just enough to be able to see through it . My parents' room is beside me, and they haven't gone to bed yet, so they probably frequented the hall .
A month ago i posted about a shitty advising appointment. well...things just got a lot worse. The university (at least the student finances department) is threatening legal action against me. In which case i probably shouldn't be posting this anywhere on the internet, but i'm an idiot so what the hell .
i'm obsessed with wearing all kinds of women's clothing, makeup, high heels, and anything else you could possibly imagine . So there i am watching a movie in the front room while wearing 6-inch heels and a particularly slutty low-cut dress with my tits exploding out the top . She laughs and says, \"damn, can you dance for me too?\"
i decided to listen to rain and thunder noises to calm myself and fall asleep easily . An hour and a half it poured outside with rain coming in my open windows in buckets, *soaked* my coach and sitting on the hardwood floor soaking in. It worked! i didn't want to get up, but an hour later i got my ass out of bed .
When i open the cap i accidentaly break the little noozle . The remaining end of the nozzle got stuck in the can and now it won't stop spraying . The whole can emptied in maybe 30 seconds, so all i could do was to wrap it in a t-shirt, what didn't help very much .
After leaving the bar last night, the so and i had to find a washroom . As i extole the benifits of public urination in dark alleys, i hear \"can you stop pissing on me please...\" in a sad, drunk and frankly to polite of a voice .
i still live with my parents and have a fetish for forced feminization and crossdressing . My father bursts in my room, and i blow my load . Father bursts in his room and says \"from now on, do these things when you're alone\" i didn't tell your mother, but from now on\u00a0the\u00a0afterward, i'll be more careful from\u00a0now on .
i brought sun screen on my son, but it was the spray kind of sun screen . When i sprayed it on i thought we were fine, i thought it was so windy . i didn't see any redness on him at all until we got home . i feel like an ass for assuming it would be fine. yup, i suck as a mom .
i tried to google: \"how to have sex with a virgin\" A suggestion box popped up under my text . Click it automatically searches \"how  a **child**\" to search for a \"virgin\" i was wrong . Does anyone know if i should be worried? if so, is there anything i should or can do to make it clear that it was an accident?
i'm doing it because it pays better than being a barmaid while i'm studying at uni . Father and brothers were on a stag night when they came into the club when i was mid-dance . The stripper's work is flexible and i don't want to go home now .
An on-call security person lives about an hour away from the office, and is currently dealing with sick children . After looking in and around and under parked cars, and looking in gutters getting soaked as anything looking for the access card into the building . An hour later, i tried to call that in the pouring rain to let in this drenched idiotic human being .
i always regret this decision later when taking a dump. What happened you ask? Well, not only did it feel like i was shitting out a wooden mace, but in the end when i wiped, i realized that my ass was bleeding. ew. Just...dont eat the shells.
i'd say ultimately my mistake was not wearing a belt as somehow a chunk of it made it down into my sweaty ass crack . So i finally crawl out of the attic and immediately have to shit. i go shit, and immediately has to go to the shower . It's itching and stinging and the shower didn't help much .
i don't even know how this happened, but my subconscious is fucked up . In the dream i'm having a wet dream it doesn't take much to spurt, so about a minute later, i start to edge. At this point i look over to my left at a tv. right as my load explodes this image pops up on the tv .
i was on a diet and ate several pickles for lunch . As we grew closer, suddenly i had this horrible feeling and then it happened . i immediately reached behind me and grabbed a plastic walmart bag and spread it on the seat beneath me to protect the car seat it was horrible. i yelled and cried over and over, \"oh god, it just keeps happening\".
At around 8 a.m. this morning, i was to fill a condom with water, as much as i could, and then transport it outside to chill in the driveway . As it neared completion, it began to resemble an elephant's amniotic sac . It was wibbly wobbling all over the place until...sploosh**, right on the couch .
i'm all cozy and warm with my dog at my feet laying on our favorite blanket sleeping when at some point in the night the blanket has slipped down . The amount of yanking and pulling must have woken my dog up and in the middle of a firm yank on the blanket, she decides to roll off and wham! my blanket comes flying up and my fist meets my eye .
i was training a new person and showing her the ropes . Policy states that we stamp the left wrist, as it is closer to the stand and requires less searching on the way out if we have a set place . A few families in i notice that she forgot that we stamped the left hand, so i politely corrected the problem and said \"i'll show you again!\"
After a \"no-burn\" policy was lifted so we had a campfire and did some old fireworks we had in our basement . My 13-year-old nephew was sitting on the front lawn on the lawn . His hearing was gone for a day and he had minor burns and was pretty bruised and scraped up .
The heat in my dryer died out so i had to go without my boxers . \"Smells like a dirty diaper,\" says one worker who walks by and says \"smells like the dirty diaper\" \"2 hours to go and i wont get up from my desk as i am terrified of the atomic stink\"
i was in a pretty poor part of town and the kids there can be little assholes . i'm taking a team picture and all of them are talking and none are looking at the camera . One kid said, \"he's talking about your lazy eye\" i took another picture, said \"great job, guys\", and left .
At probation office i'm asked to provide a urine sample. This is ordinary but always worries me because i have quite possibly the most nervous bladder in existence . So i chug 6 bottles of water in 20 minutes, the desperate attempt of a nervous wreck to force his body to produce urine . They considered my specimen diluted .
i sure am glad she laughed about it after the fact. She does have a big bottom (which i love), i love!). i sure is glad she laughs about the fact that i love her bottom . i'm glad she did not laugh about the incident after the incident .
The routine is simple: contacts, brush teeth and fix hair . When i reached step two, it hit the fan . About five seconds in, my mouth had a peachy, stinging sensation . i proceeded to vomit about 10 seconds later because of how bad it was burning/had gotten in my throat .
The hairdryer was a regular conair, but about a half inch inside is a metal grate . The plastic doesn't get hot, so you could put the plastic nose-down on your hand and not get burned . My nipple made contact with the extremely hot metal grate and i swear i heard my flesh sizzling .
i missed the housing application deadline because of the decision, so i am now assigned a single room in a house that is way across campus away from all my classes and shit . Parents just found out and are pissed . Also, this little fuckup costs me an extra $2000 because i'm in a dorm .
today i had just packaged 3 baggies of dmt and placed them into my pocket . She accidentally pulled them out of my pocket and accidentally pulled the bagggies out . She took my phone and found out i was running a dmt drug ring . i made close to $1000 a month .
The past two weeks have been uncomfortably hot - i live close to the beach in a dorm room . When the game started, all my attention was on that for 45 minutes . After the game ended, i realized the cap on the acetone bottle was open . Half the bottle spilled somewhere around ~200ml/8 oz - half the bottle .
The trousers have worn through in the crotch and with my ass in the air my tackle is on display to the family watching my demonstration . The only trouble was the materiel was worn, not split, so there was nothing for me to sew up . However it felt like everyone wanted me to demonstrate the ladder after that!
The homeless lady who had been busking comes up to me . In my confusion, i say \"f*** it\" and gave her ten dollars . In the next instant i reached a horrifying epiphany as to what i had just done, but it was too late .
i had the great idea to shave in the shower instead of at the sink . Now i have 2 and a 1/2 paper cuts **on the tip**. It hurts to piss and fapap.orgorg for the first time . Thanks to Obama, i had to shave the razor on my dick .
i smoked a bowl pack in the back of the bus with my friend before school and we got caught . Two weeks prior to today, we got a new bus driver, who smells like cigarettes herself, and she is the world's shittiest bus driver . When we got to school, the bus driver asked us if we were smoking cigarettes and we both shamefully told her yes .
i just don't know what came over me. It was totally innocent context, but he was mocking me for something, so i mocked back . It was an innocent context but so he was mocked back, so he mocked back. i... i just had to admit it was an instant regret .
Whenever my phone rings, i lose internet . On like the 5th call, i slammed my fist on my laptop, it froze and wouldn't restart . Ironically, ironically, they didn't call again after that after that . ironically,\u00a0they didn't\u00a0call again\u00a0after that .
i've been to Switzerland for a week, and got home yesterday . On the way home, i notice my neighbour from the door across the hall from me getting out of their car . The back wheel on my bike is broken, as are the brakes on that wheel, so i'll have to take it to the local bike shop .
i was still using my laptop and my phone chatting with friends because i just returned from a 3 week vacation . An hour later when i finished my last conversation and was about to go to sleep i felt something, between my cheeks . There was a pile the size of a large bean just sitting next to the side of my anus . It was itching and i had no clue what to do .
i was reminded about a fuck up of mine from a year ago by a [comment] (http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1jw8gy//trying_to_piss_while_biking post . The smell was overwhelming overwhelming . The assistant manager delegated an important task to me to set up an area of clearance items near the entrance of the store . One of the carthers told him what the smell was so overwhelming .
The worst part was i was wearing a skirt. one of those dress skirts that go down to just past your knees . i sneezed. i can't go back to work..edit: yes i shit myself. i. shit myself . The worst thing was i .
A few months after i moved to canada, my parents sent me to a french summer camp . The combination of too much social interaction, girls, and not understanding the main language at the camp brought me to an ultimate \"tifu\" moment . A boy translated what kathy was saying to me to me that i was beautiful and wanted to flirt with me!
So i decided to send her a text, but i made a typo . Instead i meant to send \"are we dating?\" instead i send \"lol no\" Instead i sent \"are they dating?\" \"because you're my friend\" She launches into her friendzone speech about how i'm a great guy and everything, but she just doesn't see me that way.\"
i was woken up by my parents telling me to get up and that some of our family was in the drive-way . This is where i guess i got up too fast because now i feel like i am insanely drunk . The worst thing about all of this is that i have a concert i planned on going to tonight for weeks .
The farmhouse across the road had barncats that had seriously interbred and were the unhealthiest bunch i ever saw . While a barnsat when they were on vacation i shopvaccued the whole barn . Without my neighbor's knowledge i made her an appointment at an out of town vet . Later on that day i snuck that cat to live at my mom's and it still lives there .
i coughed up a whole bunch of turkey and gravy over mashed potatoes for lunch . The pepper that was on the turkey makes me sneeze a snot/turkey/mashed potato concoction all over the table, my friend, his food, and of course the girl that i really like .
i was out camping with some friends in virginia when i was about 16 years old . The resulting mess was one of the strangest sights ever seen by man . i took the knife and popped a hole in the lid of a turkey spam can . No idea what poor soul had to clean that up that mess . Do animals eat spam?
Snapper sank his junk into a mop bucket of cold water, then was able to wiggle it out . Update: well, it's free. sank my junk into cold water . update: well-it's free, well-free. update: Well .
i lived in the middle of nowhere and i had only one neighbor who spoke russian so i had no communication with anyone . All the windows on the first floor are locked so i climbed onto my roof via my porch . They called the cops and the police are at my house in less than 5 minutes .
d, 1, 2, and 3 positions automatically shifts according to the computer as high as the gears need to go . This allows the drive train to slow down the car instead of harming the brakes when on steep hills . Some automatic cars come with forward shift positions d, . 1 2 3 positions allow the car to automatically shift until it gets to the gear specified by the number .
After about 5 hours some people were really drunk, i don't drink so i found it all hilarious . After the initial smash i can't remember anything but everyone there said i jumped up with the speed of a lighting bolt . Now i can barely walk but walked back to the party, stayed there for another 20 minutes and went home in pain .
i was just outside in front of my trailer playing with my two-year old son and i got an unpleasant, drive-by shouting . He screamed: \"Good job voting for obama! Maybe he can get your family out of that trailer. Maybe he's gotten your family to that trailer\"
i was staying at a friends dorm hanging out, i was supposed to leave at 2am but we got to talking a lot and next thing i know its 3am . While i parked in a spot behind a bar where lots of people park, i noticed it had snowed quite a bit, and drove to the gas station because thirsty . While its only 15$ and isn't a huge deal it still pisses me off, i've parked there lots of times before that .
After oversleeping a couple hours, i get to work an hour late and get straight to doing work . The assignment today was to clean the mess from the construction (i work for a company that builds lifts in old apartments and the diamond saw makes a big ass mess . When someone had turned off the main water valve to the tap and somewhere else .
i drew the y axis wrong - it didn't cross the x and z axes properly . Now my whole college exam is shit, and now my whole exams is shit . The y axis crossed the x, z and z axis properly (there weren't 90 degrees angles)
i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends . However, it's gotten a bit out of hand lately, and i've been trying to be more mindful of it . So of course ...
The house was valued as it was technically part of the estate in the will . The executor looked like he could have strangled me . The house is now being investigated by a building inspector and building inspector, whose cost will be deducted from my mother's portion of the will. These usually cost about a thousand dollars a visit .
i hear a girl go \"ummmmmmmmmm\" from across the room, then realize my mistake . i rushed to the kitchen to dry it out in some rice, but all i could find was seasoned rice . suffice to say my very spicy phone is ruined .
i had heard about a subreddit called /r/gameswap and decided to trade my gtav (among other games) for his 3ds and some of his games . We talked back and forth for awhile and decided a date to ship, he claims to ship . Just lost $200 worth of games and my innocence .
i went to morning pee...peed out a lot of blood. uh oh. What's this from? i already had my period a week earlier. He said he was perfectly fine and didn't feel a thing. didn't think twice about it, continued and finished and finished .
This started when i had a rough week of football practice and a bad game, plus receiving a lot of projects and schoolwork to do . When i faked sickness by making myself throw up, i thought it might be gall bladder, hiatal hernia, acid reflex, etc. i thought, \"great, i can really ride this one out then\"
A baptist church missionary has stopped by my apartment a few times . When i was supposed to babysit my best friend's kids, i was expecting her to come by any minute . The church kid's face was just... ugh. He looked so uncomfortable and i felt like a huge idiot .
The 24-year-old asked her if she would be interested in trying weed if it was legal . She became so upset and automatically thought i was a /dealer/ and told me that she would tell my dad . i tried to calm her the fuck down, and i told her i eventually enjoy smoking it, but that i didn't sell it .
Two brothers were preparing chili at the end of last week's events . The first night was chili cook-off for the first time, but i nearly cut off the tip of my finger . After a 4-hour wait, i got out of the emergency room with 10 stitches .
The weekend manager for a project hp is doing . weekends tend to be very slow so occasionally i come in a little hungover from the night before . The two agents i am in charge of are good friends of mine who go out as well, we still get our jobs done efficiently .
i was playing some league of legends and bout to hit that champ select way to time that camera zoom . i was just playing some . way to hit the champ select. way to . time that photographer zoomed the camera zoom, he said . The world No. 1 was born in 1973 .
When i pull the lace through the hole to make the second loop, i've been pulling it tight with the same hand i sent it through with . This makes the knot easy to come apart when doing anything . More like a 4 year fuck up but i just realized today.
i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. It's pretty simple. thought the act's was this weekend... it was last weekend. well shit. It was last week. Well shit. Well, it was pretty simple . It's not clear if i was going to get into college anyway .
When asked to babysit their two-year-old and ten year old kids, they asked for fifty bucks . The kitten was found dead in the night . Parents of the kids showed up before the 10 year old woke up and explained to them how i crushed their $500 new kitten to death .
the girl at the checkout had to cut me free . The girl at a checkout had had to be cut off by the checkout girl . The checkout girl had to have to cut her free from the checkout . The video was released from the store on CNN.com/Heroes.com .
The subreddit makes /r/fuuuuu or whatever look like shakespeare . One dude told a story about a cat eating snacks and barfing and then ended the story with some quip about it farting? Amazingly people upvoted it. amazingly people upvote it .
My sister came out while i'm saddling up and asks if she could ride him . Instead of stopping like he should have, my horse just keeps on walking and kneels on the fence... the whole thing comes down! So now my yard and my neighbors are one until i can afford to fix the fence .
i had an interview for a paid internship position at boeing.com . When asked to list some of my weaknesses, i said \"girls in yoga pants\". Without skipping a beat i told him to list my weaknesses and said \"alright.. moving on\". He gave me a weird look .
i may now have a child i don't want, and have to spend the rest of my life with a woman who despises me . i just wanted to share that with someone . i may have a . child i . may . spend the . rest of his life with the . woman who . despises him .
So, 2 cops show up with the neighbor and the neighbor who wanted to be compensated for stealing, her snow . The scenario is really hilarious in the end . i ran out of snow from the mountain i was digging into, so i start shoveling on the snow pile next to mine (a little on the neighbors yard) So i figured she'd be happy i'm cleaning her driveway .
...with bc pills in them. ...with my bc pills, in them, ... with bc pills . The bc pills were in them at the time of the pain . The pills were taken into account for the first time in a decade . The painkillers were used in the pain of pain, according to the medication .
This actually happened to me last month but i was at a party at our fraternity house and started to send out some drunk texts . The next thing i remember is waking up in her bed and projectile vomiting everywhere . The worst part is that i was even man enough to give her sheets back to her, i had my roomate drop them off her door .
i signed up for reddit snack exchange 2013. went out, splurged on my giftee. When i woke up, the stench of cat food hit my nose right away . Fatty, my cat, sometimes eats her food waaaay too quickly and then barfs it up . She shuffled through the box's contents, so a bit of cat puke .
This happened a month or so ago and i decided that since he seemed like a nice guy, i was going to get something for him . When his food got called out, i grabbed it, turned around hastily, handed it to him, told him to have a good night and walked away . As i was backing out of the driveway, he wasn't holding the windex spray as he was earlier .
The project involves a factory polluting into a river . The other parties will be a municipal water authority, recreational fishermen, commercial fishermen and an environmental group . The goal is to get people comfortable with performing cost benefit analysis and help them understand what type of emission control scheme is most efficient .
some post on reddit described some guy doing this, so i thought i could do it too . Countertops are soaked in soapy protein shakey mess. countertops are now soaked in . Some post about being lazy described some of the guys doing this as a lazy man doing this .
i was driving and my brother was acting like a maniac in the backseat . Our conservative, catholic mother yelled my first, middle, and last name followed by \"what! what did you say?\" All i could say was an extremely quiet \"sorry i didn't mean to say it.\"
i'm driving for about 30sec around 30mph (should've been going slower ik, but i'm not speeding or going the speed limit here) i lose control, fishtail and proceed to go into the yard of a nearby house, across their driveway, and back out onto the road . No cosmetic damage, no damage to the underside, only a small dent in the front license plate . $200 deductible .
i was making tomato sauce and pasta (and sausages!) An hour ago, i decided to make dinner about an hour ago . The room filled with smoke balls, so i thought the sausages were burnt to shitty barbecue levels . The microwave microwave is caked in yellow, and i may be forced to shell out for a new microwave .
A hickey is the reason his girlfriend admitted to having sex with another guy, hence the breakup . He has to face the humiliation of her seeing the hickey and fucking up her day even worse . \"You're in luck i got my camera to work! i just have to find the USB connection cable before the end of my 3rd and 4th period classes,\" he says .
i was early so i was the only one there waiting for my bus . My crush catches the bus at the same place as me and then he comes over and stands there . When we arrived at school, blood everywhere, and all over my leggins . Half way through i realise, i usually bleed really heavily .
i smacked myself in the head and said i could have cut up my head as easily . My hubby was not pleased, he said this is \"dealbreaker territory\", he said i was acting like my mother . He said i felt like a failure, sitting here with a cold wet ice washcloth and a self-inflicted bump .
he asked me \"what's this?\" and out of habit, i replied \"your mom\" i just found out he's never been told a mom joke ever in his life and the last person he would expect it from his daughter was his daughter . He got really offended and would like to talk to me later .
i put on a durex condom and tried to go in because of awkward positioning so i was just rubbing against her vagina . When i looked down a few minutes later, the condom broke . She wasn't on birth control, and she was on day 20 of her period .
i was distracted after spraying some no-chew spray on some shoes my dog wouldn't stop chewing and forgot to wash my hands . The taste was nasty! most bitter thing i've tasted in my whole life. The taste of my mouth was most bitter in my life .
this was friday but i haven't had time to post this . So i was walking through the halls and i saw this girl i always joke around with like that so i waslked up behind her . Little did i know there was a teacher behind me . Instead of suspending me i have to write an essay on why what i did was wrong and get my mom to sign it .
'hair clippers' are usually a well-deserved trim . Blood welling over into the basin i am positioned over . The next morning i had texts on my phone from the girl i was planning to see, asking where i was . The following night we made plans and i was forced to explain the battle scars!
i left my door open and my dog sneaks in my room . Dog sneaks into my room and chewed retainer from nightstand . Chewed it beyond repair . $400 down the drain, $400 is down to the drain . Retainer chewed from the nightstands .
This evening, my uncle wanted my parents and i to help him burn his garden at his house . While watching the fire, we started hearing noises, i thought nothing of it, i figured it was the wood making sound . turns out there was a bunny nest in the leaves that caught on fire . They, luckily, are unharmed and alive .
Autoclave is a big sterilization chamber that heats glassware or liquids into and heats them up to extreme temperatures . The autoclave was the most used machine in the bio department in the university bio department . A few days ago i was putting the water into the machine and i sort of forgot which button to push so i took an educated guess and pushed the one that i thought was the button for the right cycle .
All month she's been subtly hinting, dropping little things to make sure i remember . Lo and behold i did not remember. and she's on her period, and i didn't bring it up once, and had no clue until she told me . i deserve every bit of it .
A month ago, my professors sent out an email regarding when and where the final exam is going to take place about a month ago . My phone has this feature to create events in my phone's calendar based on times and dates that are written in emails . But my phone pushed the date of my exams by one day and i never bothered to double check the actual date of the exams .
The first time trying to get a tampon in ended with me in tears as i didn't really know what to do . After 7 hours, i figured i should change it, since that's what the instructions say . It was fine going in, turns out my hymen basically had a hole on either side . The dog had about 6 piles of poop even though the dog had been outside for like 3 .
i'm glad you outgrew it, but i wasn't happy with it . i replied: \"If i ever deserved downvotes it was at that point\" i was making a joke in r/rage.com . i'm not sure what i thought was going to do with it.\"
i was roaming the mall being my happy go lucky self . My heart stopped the very second the words left my lips . She just looked at me with this look like she'd been shot and proceeded to haul ass down the mall crying, leaving me standing there with a metric fuck ton of awkward stares and ensuing nervous/shock .
cinnamon toast is so delicious i had to make more cinnamon toast . When trimming the burnt edges off a piece of it breaks off . The sticky, hot lump of delicious malice sticks itself to the roof of my mouth, clinging on for a good 3 seconds before i could remove it .
i was promoted to a managerial position on a new unit opening up in the hospital i work in . Unbeknown to me if there is a paper in the scanner under the lid part that is the priority document to be scanned . 20 minutes later when i get back i see the last sheet of paper ejected and it looks nothing like the handbook .
One of his friends announced on his facebook the other day that he'll be having a party today, sunday, in the afternoon . i haven't done anything sociable all summer, nor have i really been involved in social activities outside of club things . So i may have missed my only chance of being sociable for a while to come .
The edges of the pepperoni had turned gray and we bought it like 3 months ago . However, there was nothing growing on it, so figured \"why not\" and i put it on my sandwich . This was actually yesterday. This is not the first time i have been vomiting/had the shits .
My best friend,im breaking my vow of silence because it is just too damn funny . My girlfriend had gotten sick in the middle of the night, vomited into the toilet and covered our small bathroom, wall to wall, in her diarrhea . My main stays rug was completely ruined, and i stepped into the poo-puddle .
Wife discovered her kik conversation with a few different ladies . Husband accused him of cheating and wants him to leave . Wife accuses her of cheating, says she can spend money on whores and do the same thing . What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments below .
i was out walking with friends and decided it would be smart to walk barefoot . i now have blisters on a large part of my feet . i have now had blisters in my feet and blisters all over the course of walking bare feet . The blisters are on the way to barefoot and i can't walk bare foot .
\"fire\" shampoo was washed down the back of my throat through the nose . My throat started to burn like the fires of hell and i started panicking from the intense pain in my throat . After drinking half a liter of water the pain did not go away at all and tears started trickling from my eyes .
my gf decided to come visit me (1 hr drive) after getting her **brand new car** less than a month ago . Backed up into a trashcan and then into the concrete partition, creating a quarter sized hole in the center of the metallic gash, complete with yellow paint from the partition as a finisher . After literally hours of apologizing and offering to pay for the damages, my girlfriend forgave me and to this day insists i don't have to pay .
i decided to have a few drinks with friends (two white females 20/21) in my room and drive them up town to the clubs . When i came up to a very intoxicated women (black and very under-the-old) struggling to get her to go home, but she agrees it is for the best for her .
i put on a pair of jeans since they were the only clean thing i had . After going to wal-mart for a few random things, having my friend toss me a football low, me bending over to catch it and rip... right the fuck down my ass, so all though it was only about 5 minutes .
reddit, today i messed up bad! There is this guy who kind of likes me but i don't like him (i don't dislike him either, i just think he is a little boring) So today he sent me one telling me,  he was back home for a while... and i asked him if he was on vacation and he replied saying he was there to take care of his dad who has cancer .
The waitress asked if i wanted my change, but i didn't know that meant it was the /only tip you were going to give . i immediately feel horrible, realizing she thought that was going to be her only tip from me . So i gave her a $20 tip wrote on the check .
i got a virus that was going through my family, my mother and brother were at home in bed with it for a few days . Because i had a coffee at roughly 9pm, it was still in my system til about 1am . After around 1.30am i crashed, thinking ill have a nice sleep in the following morning .
A few months ago, went on a trip to vegas, had an incredible time, but was bombarded by the corner guys shoving cards with nude photos of girls in your hands . Fast forward, my great grandmother past away after her funeral and took my dress pants . The whole family got so see some porn pictures fall out of my pants .
i made an audio file from some random porn, put it into our shared laptop's itunes library, and synced his phone to it . The next day, he lost his phone at a party, so i completely forgot about the prank, as his phone was gone . Out of 3,000 possible songs that could have played, the porn audio was the one that decided to play when i was in the gas station .
i drew \u00a310 out of the atm this evening to pay for my half of the pizza . When i got back it was gone and i had to draw another \u00a310 . The \u00a310 was gone when i got to the pizza and it was taken back to the shop .
i bought an onion with the intention of using it in a batch of chili . The onion migrated to the back-end of my pantry . The smell lingered on and it lingered up until the front of the pantry and found a hideous, deformed, purple blob . We disposed of it as a biohazard .
i tripped over myself . The pants were down on the floor . Just as i was about to fix my pants the classes got out, to see me, pants down.i just got up, fixed my pants, and walked briskly to my car and left .
A new lady joined our team at work a week ago . We decided to take her out for a team lunch and get her acquainted with everyone else in a relaxed setting . A microsecond later my brain yelled \"it's pronounced cologne you fucking moron! colooogne! what have you done?\"
http://://://i.c.com/5strb5k.jpg. http://.org.uk/i.org//suspectpect.com . The video was posted on YouTube by the end of the month . It was originally intended to be released on September 14 .
i feel alone in this subreddit now. i feel so alone, writes i.S. I'm so alone now. I don't feel alone, i feel like alone in the subreddit now . i feel . alone, you can't find out what's wrong to do with this subreddit .
i hurt my back and couldn't come in and purposely didn't make any facebook status or subject but only realised today that i was tagged on a status from a friend when i should've checked this so i could've untagged herself . Now i'm out looking for my work .
How do i fix this? How do you fix this problem? Send us a video of iReporter's life on CNN iReport.com/Reporter photos . Visit CNN.com for a new gallery of snapshots . Please submit your best shots of the gallery to share your thoughts on CNN .
\"what you may lack in size, you more than make up for in skill,\" he told him . He was complaining that he feels like he isn't good enough in bed, but i immediately regretted it . He won't admit it, but he seems upset now. i didn't mean it like that .
A friend was spitting into a beer cup, we happened to put ours down in the same area . Luckily i was drunk so i wasn't as grossed out as i should have been . Spat it back out and washed my mouth out for a few minutes before returning to the party .
\"gangstas\" started following him and me around mocking him because of the way he talks . When we were about done shopping, my friend noticed an old nintendo ds in the display and decided to buy it . One of them took his ds and threw it on the roof and said \"now you can actually find some retard pussy without gay nerd shit\"
i heard my guy stop breathing for a second, then he leaned toward my ear and said \"w..was that you?\" i immediately burst out laughing and denied it . My guy was thoroughly disgusted and pushed me off the couch. needless to say i was embarassed as shit .
i now know what they mean by \"crazy\" and it's an obsessive psycho that won't leave you alone and will constantly post facebook statuses about how you broke their heart even if you two were never even dating . Believe me, don't do it. just don't .
i was printing out some documents at home when a familiar urge plowed headlong against my anus . As soon as my ass hit the ground i immediately heard a \"plurflurble\" and felt a damp heaviness in my pants . My houseguest thought it was hilarious, i'm sure my husband will too .
i woke up in the middle of the night and pee in places other than the bathroom . Apparently, i walked over to my laundry basket, then perched myself over it . The next morning, i realized what had happened when i stepped in cold liquid with my sock, yuck .
'went hard in the paint, now i get to look at the paint of the walls in the planned parenthood clinic' The title sums up my life pretty well, but my life is pretty pretty pretty well . It's not the first time i've seen a baby clinic in the womb .
on a date, i start to feel the urge to fart. on the drive home, i lean to the side to let it go as silently as i can and all of a sudden i feel a warm wetness . Two more farts followed with the same leaky shit, staining my boyfriend's front seat in his new car .
The phone starts ringing so i get up and start running . It was important to know that it was a very windy day and all the windows were open . So a reach the room's door after a long run down the corridor and i smash my toe right into the slammed door .
So i went to pick up a curry from my favourite indian takeway this evening . \"that'll be \u00a310 mate\" says he gives him 11.comcommodmodel.com: \"have a good night pal\" \"you too!\" \"bye!\"
Shot glass found its way in there, broken glass everywhere . Was stuck for about 30 minutes before i put soap around my hand and let it soak in and i was able to finally wiggle it out of there . Only ripped off a tiny piece of skin on my thumb .
The baumkuchen comes with a package, which i thought was sugar . The package contains a dehumidifying powder that comes with the package . It says do not eat it, and i'm just a little nauseated, let's hope i don't need to take a trip to the hospital .
Guess what was on it . Guess what it was on to be on it. guess guess guess what . guess what it's on it, guess what is on it on the list of what it looks like to do with it . It's not a clue to what was going on to guess what happened to happen .
A bunch of crazy assholes at my college start following me after class . One guy starts yelling at me, saying \"ay boy how much those shoes cost\" and \"what's in yo wallet?\" \"Ever seen the matrix?\" he comes toward me and i scream \"ever seen the Matrix, asshole?\" and pull the stop sign off .
The surprise was i was going to be taking my girlfriend of almost a year to the beach for a picnic . She was going through some depression and when the idea sparked i casually mentioned that if i could get it all together, i'd do something nice for her . Last night around midnight around midnight or so we're on skype and i hear her vigorously typing to her friend... i ask her what about and she decides to vent to me that i'm not telling her about her surprise . Eventually she hangs up when i decide to share his piece .
After a few smooches she pulls back and says, \"you know, this would be a lot more attractive if you didn't have a booger in your nose\" \"well, it's not that bad...\" ohgoddon'tfinishthissentenceshutupshUTupshututup!\"
i thought it was my lucky day, i've been looking for a bigger tv for a while, and that's so cheap! i thanked him profusely, said goodbye, and went inside to try it out . Then i saw them. There were little bugs all over the house that we've never seen before .
i accidentally clicked on some furry porn i had laying around and facebook automatically sent it to her . i tried sending her a picture of a fedora as joke, but i accidentally got it on Facebook automatically sent to her as a joke . Edit: [proof (warning) furry porn, duh)
Video producer tries to light a candle on a black backdrop . After a few minutes of failure, his coworker comes in and laughs . The photo of him and the candle was taken of me and now it is the church staff joke being passed around the office . The candle is a simple white white candle .
The boyfriend and i went to visit his grandparents because we are nice people . Grandma wanted a handshake before i left so naturally i obliged.i walked away wondering why my hand was sticky . Then i remember like 20 minutes before bf and i pulled over to take take of some business .
After a craving for spicy chicken wings, i picked up some chicken wings from a pizza shop . The pain wasn't going away, but it was getting worse . Husband tried to find a phone number to the er to see what they suggest . He called three different hospital's listed er numbers, and not a valid number .
Last night i farted quite a bit and quite hard, soon after i started feeling discomfort in my ass . dismissed it as just an itch. wrapped my finger around some toilet paper and i felt the dreaded bump . Wrapped up this morning and i now have a hemorrhoid .
So, i had a sudden urge to use the bathroom, but i was having a bit of trouble so i crouched on the floor to facilitate the process . Luckily, i was able to make it to my house w/out being noticed . Lesson learned:  staying awake on reddit all night will cause you to urinate on yourself the next day .
i'm in dallas and over the last few days this ice storm has thrown everyone for a loop . On top of the storm i've been trying to get my car out of the shop after my neighbor hit it . The bianchi mutt 7700 that belongs to my mom's boyfriend is now gone and we owe him $700.00 .
i took a client to a lake to discuss all sorts of business for winktiddlersltd. We ended up basically having a picnic and not short thereafter he gets a phone call. He regretfully informs me that my sketchbook fell into the lake but that it would just decompose over time, that it wouldn't hurt the environment .
The therapist suggests she work on the hamstrings, gluts, and lower back . As she is massaging my ass, i'm doing everything i can to not fart... i'm clenching my butt cheeks and am clearly stressed . She points out that i appear to be carrying a lot of tension . Finally, she emphasises the need that i \"just relax\"
i posted a picture of [henry] to /r/foxes/ and they banned me . i have never been banned from a sub before . i was just a proud mumma. i thought everyone would love him just like i do. sorry if henry offended anyone .
i was browsing reddit, when i come along to read a couple of comments . Clicked on a free gold link, and it brought me to /r/spacedicks and it took me a while to realize . Now writing this, just asking myself why i ever thought to click on a link .  "pro tip: even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log . Now i'm paying 400 dollars for the whole thing, and still drying my clothes . Pro tip: Even if you slip off a log, you'll slip off the log .
A few years ago, a woman fighting for gay rights on the street coerced me into registering myself and to make a donation . Since i am a push-over, i just gave my grandparent's address . The phone rang for me, which was probably not the best idea since they are homophobic .
About a year ago, i bought this stuff called [liquid ass] which smells like literal shit . When we got to the concert, there was a huge line about a half mile long backed up . While i was in there it i had the idea to spray it in there before it kicked in . About 3 people threw up from the smell .
i have a younger sister (5) who plays with all the other children who live on our street, they range from 3-10 years old . My sister comes inside from playing, she's now crying and after being calmed down, begins to explain that one of the children, olivia (5), was being mean to her .
i had been feeling ill all day and my stomach was hurting on the train . As i approached the penultimate stop before mine, my stomach/bowels decided that they could no longer hold in the torrent of shit/ diarrhoea . In shear panic and horror i grabbed a newspaper and shat on it, but loads spilt on to the seat .
koss sx-30 speakers arrived from woot.com a few days ago . They arrived today and plugged it in, turned it on... and nothing . Koss customer support said they could check the history and old manuals to see if there's a listed amperage level .
i am very allergic to cats and will break out in hives from skin contact . Afterward, i scrubbed the blanket over to avoid getting cat hair all over me . Afterwards, i did rush to the bathroom though and give myself quite the scrubbing . Maybe maybe i'll have to make a more detailed post to r/polyamory or r/sex...
i said, \"you should shave your head, than you could be my buddha\". i still feel terrible. i still feels terrible. The girl who said she should shave her head said: \"i thought Buddha wasn't far. I still feel sorry.
At first i thought i recognized her, but i had the wrong girl . After multiple mutual glances i confirmed that she was indeed a dime . Another man in the car screams out that she thought i was cute. like a lil bitch i can only manage to chuckle and ask her is this was true. She nodded!
i'm working on losing weight and decided to change to a healthier choice of lunch by eating egg salad sandwiches with lot of spinach instead of other unhealthy choices . Now i'm obsessed with wanting to eat egg salad but need to change something else and guessing i'll go with tuna salad sandwiches [after reading an article]
i usually pee twice a day, typically towards the evening hours . Once again i ignored the urge and began walking thinking that i would simply pee when i arrived home (note i live 15 minutes away) panic had set in and i frantically searched for my key as nobody was home . By the time i reached my friend's house i was crying, bleeding, and covered in pee .
English teacher assigned everyone a discursive essay on a topic of our choosing . At several points my touch typing failed repeatedly and replaced the word \"gay\" with \"fat\" It was the day before it was due and so i rushed it all and didn't check over it . At least 8 countries in the world being fat is punishable by death .
Crystal light is a powder you put in your water to make it taste amazing . It is the strongest thing you will ever inhale and has an absolutely brutal taste . The combined flavour of the powder and gelatin-like substance made me puke because it was so strong .
The song didn't last much longer than that . The song was written by the songwriters . It didn't end up until the song was released by the end of the year . The video was released from the album by the time it was released on September 14 . The album was released in June 2011 .
i was going to give her a hug and tell her she's perfect, when i drove my elbow onto her nose really, really hard . Now her nose is sore, red and stuffy, i'm a great friend, huh? i'm great friend. So. so what happened was that my friend was having a bad day .
Tifu (last year) by accidentally texting my dad, instead of my boyfriend at the time, \"hey baby, i can't wait to fie you tomorrow\" Tifue: \"Hey baby, baby i can wait to fuck you tomorrow;;\" \"hey i can never look at my dad the same,\" she says .
The school has programs that allow them to see your screen and record you history so i found out that if i create a bat file that keeps ending the process so they could not see the screen . Also provided some students a proxy to get on sites that are blocked at school .
i had what felt like food poisoning, and it was rather nasty . Once i got home from work i abandoned all my plans, wound up in the bathroom exploding from both ends . At 2pm i get up, use the restroom, and with the most satisfying explosive diarrhea you can imagine i felt the sickness drain out of my ass .
i was in a school girl outfit, garters, a collar, and leash . i actually wound up not wearing either, and got some black mid thigh-highs that looked hot with the garters . Just wanted to thank reddit for easing my mind about my faux pas! thanks, reddit!
i realized how messed up my friend is, and it's because of me . He was a normal, well behaved person, with an innocent personality . Now this is him: www.animationfock.com/animation fockockock/fock .
i thought i had archived   (moved to another media) the files but i had not . Then i emptied the recycle bin right away \"to clean up space\" Now i have to recreate them and it will take som time. fml.fml.
The 15-year-old decided to join a soccer team suggested by some of his classmates because of it's easiness and beginner players . When the coach asks how many seasons we had all played so far, the average was 10-15 . The average was about 10-12 years old .
i'm currently a freshman in a community college but because i changed my major i had to restart . The worst part to me is that i could've graduated in '15 and then move to a real college/university for another four years but i now have to stay in the same shitty community college untill '16'
i play roller derby, and on dec 1st i was skating in my very first bout of the season . Since i'm a rookie, all of the vet skaters start telling me their bout-prep rituals, like painting their fingernails white (to prevent injury? lol) and drinking jack3d, a crazy sports drink from gnc. Here lies my folly.
The 15-year-old is 15 years old, not a swagfag and not a yoloer and (i hope) not immature/obnoxious . New friend (lets call him bill) would always have convenient appointment or previous plans with no other previous warnings . i let him remain part of the group, even though he did nothing, and the mark was completely mine and cameron's .
i didnt realize what i had done until that god awful burnt smell filled up my apartment now i cant get it to go away and every time i turn on my vacuum cleaner that smell comes back! Is there any way to get rid of that smell?? i cant stand it, it gives me a headache and im not exaggerating.
i was working my normal 8-5 shift at derpera bread when 3 hours in, one of my managers tells me to go and break another co-worker . In a joking manner, raise my arm and pretend to throw something down while making a 'hh-crshhh' sound . But that's not how she saw it .
i was transporting the excavator bucket when it fell of the forklift and hit the shelving unit just right and brought it down . The bucket fell of forklift, and it was brought down by a forklift . The excavation bucket was transported by forklift operator .
After repeated trips to the doctor for an allergic reaction, i was prescribed the usual antihistamine regime along with a numbing (mostly lidocaine) lotion to stop the itching on my skin . After slathering on some of the lotion, i forgot to wash it off and went on with my daily business, soon not noticing the lack of feeling to my fingertips .
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,
 "Model sshleifer/distilbart-cnn-12-3 is currently loading", "estimated_time": 20.41489062,  " i stayed with my girlfriend, she lives with her mom. (were both 25 but she commutes to school) she and her mom were preparing for a trip to new york to do some sight seeing . Around 1 am sexy times began to commence. Usually bumping uglies is careful and quiet so as not to wake her mom .
i went to my girlfriends house the other day, nothing unusual but a bit later than usual . The station its on is currently playing, bad touch by blood hound gang's if you've ever heard that song it isn't exactly kid friendly so right when it gets started i try to put away my phone end up opening safari in my panic .
The pointy ends of a trimmer attachment can quickly puncture a nut sack, for it pierced 2 holes in the bottom of my nut sack . At this point, there is purple blood gushing out of my ball sack, so i jumped in the shower . After showering i was still bleeding a little .
The amount of pain in my left eye has been minimal . An appointment in peterborough with an optic specialist on august 4th . If i did have optic neuritis, it was just a random show up from an infection or something . i'll probably get downvoted to oblivion for spamming updates though .
The next morning when i get up to pee, i experience, hands down, the worst pain in my life . i couldn't stand up after my pee, and when i looked at my leadbelly, it looked like blind willie mctell . After seeing the urologist, he took a urinary analgesic over the counter to ease the pain .
A minivan with wierd decorations driving at an extremely slow rate on its red, my green . Rather than stop in the middle of the intersection with possible oncoming traffic, i swerve around it . When driving down the next street, i stare into the rear-view mirror, wondering what the hell is going on . In defense, the first car was driving very strangely and was not decorated for a funeral .
i'm 14, 7 years under the legal limit for the united states, and i drank wine . i'm craving pepsi a few minutes ago and there was a relatively full bottle of diet cherry in the kitchen . Then it hit me. not enough to get me drunk thankfully .
After a workout i needed to take a shower, i decided to turn the water back on while pressing against the wall of my shower . This turned out to be a bad idea because now the water is steaming hot and runs over most of my body; turning my chest into the color of a well done lobster and burning my balls .
i guess my hand hit something causing the tube to drop to the ground releasing 10-20 crickets . i hope all you reptile keepers feel my pain and if you don't have reptiles crickets suck. If you're keeping a reptile, crickets can suck.
When you have diarrhea, you can feel the pressure moving through your gut, and when it's really bad, it comes with this really weird bubbling sensation? The bowl was just filled with a murky brownish-red color, with some red splotches in the middle, still dissipating into the unknown darkness . After wiping for a while, i decided it was time to compromise, and i headed back into the dining room .
i was leaving the bar after a goodbye party for an old roommate of mine . As i'm leaving i see a girl walking up to me and shouts my name . She thinks i'm joking about not knowing her name and got rightfully upset . Now i feel like a dick and she's not very impressed .
i am refinishing a bench i got from my neighbor's trash . For some reason i thought washing the brush bare-handed was a good idea, and proceeded to fan out the brush with my hands under the water . Called my dad, the all-knowing about tools, paint, etc. he told me to grab some mineral spirits and use that on my hands to get the stain/poly off .
i'm a 16-year-old girl with no car and a crazy libido . When i was little i'd literally hide from the tv when lizzie mcguire did something embarrassing, [r/cringe] practically gives me a heart attack sometimes .
The battery on my truck died, i jumped it, went to the store to get a new battery, then drove home to change it . The terminals were on the opposite sides, it wasnt correct, i thought, i didn't even connect the wires, i guess they just touched . A neighbor down the road has the same truck, so i ask if it can take a look, sure enough, the little immobilizer light on his truck goes out after the key is turned, mine stays on .
i leaned back and pushed back with my feet a little bit to talk to my co-worker in the cubicle next to me . i had to make the split second decision to pretend like i was injured or just go along with it . i just went along with the laughter .
It was my 19th birthday when i was feeling very horny . So i thought it would feel good if i had them nibble on my balls . After 10 good minutes i feel something a little more thick . One of the little algea eaters bit through my skin . The top side of my balls were cut .
i purchased tickets to see govt. mule (classic rock/jam band) tomorrow night . i purchased the tickets about a month ago but only realized about a week ago that it was on the night of her birthday . She'll be spending her birthday night alone, coming home to an empty house .
This is a story of one of my most embarrasing and worst fuck up . So this is one of the worst fivesivesives and worst f*** up . Vomitted all over her brand fucking new cloths on her brand brandishing\u00a0new cloths .
i went to start a fire but used petrol due to a lack of diesel . Then went out to lunch with a new haircut, trimmed beard and scorched eyebrows . The petrol+fire= bad idea, according to a report of petrol+ fire= a bad idea .
i ate a ton of funnel cake, fried oreos, and more than my share of soda . When i couldn't take it anymore, a soup of stomach acid and half-digested deep fried food came rocketing out of my mouth . After i finished evacuating my bowels, and wiping the splashback from my butt, i was ready to go .
i tripped up and completely fell on the old lady . She was a huge woman, i was surprised a woman of that size could have reached that age . When i had fallen on her, a giant un-ladylike fart (or at least i hope it was a fart) plopped straight out of her .
About 8 years ago when i was only 17, i met this big beautiful 21 year old . When i turned 18 i said we could do things, and it just never happened . She blocked me and i don't blame her for her advances . She said she was deeply hurt by me and that she knew what i was doing .
my boyfriend's email is for his junk mail but it exhibits his love for marijuana through his username . i didn't realize i was on his account because of gmail's new way to send emails straight from cl and thought i was . i'm beyond embarrassed and will be forever jobless .
my mom wanted to upload some pictures, so i thought imgur would be the best solution . When i go to the homepage they have all the most recently uploaded pictures, including a lesbian couple who were fisting each other violently . as soon as i saw it i ctrl+w'd out of that like a madman .
i read about a facebook prank where you swap your profile picture and name to match someone else's . i did it on april fool's day and she got super pissed and now she and another friend won't talk to me . i changed it back immediately when she told me to .
i was at school and hadn't seen my girlfriend for almost a week . We decided to go to our wrestling room for we have done it there before and no one had ever shown up . When the wrestling coach walked in, he told us to get clothes on and go to the office . Parents were called and so were the police .
This morning i had a meeting with a faculty member who has a lot of contacts in the industry and can hook me up with useful networking channels . Instead of swiping 3 fingers to the left, i accidentally swiped my fingers upwards and so there was my background photo and all the desktops around it . He then jokingly said \"what about those girls on your desktop? are you trying to get them on board too?\"
i went to get my usual morning iced coffee . It fell off the tp holder right onto the front of my shirt, in my pants, down my legs and into my shoes . Had to drive home to change and take a shower, had to take home to get a shower .
i am lactose intolerant but i had my lactaid pills so i wasn't worried when my black coffee came with some milk in it . When i got back to work i felt 10x worse... had to go home from work . Temps are very expendable and i need this job badly .
i broke up with my girlfriend of ~5 months and went on a shagging spree . A month and my condom stash is non-existent . A week later my knobs swollen and she texts me that she's preggers with what she believes to be my baby .
One of his friends was in town and was crashing at my place . The dog's missing dog was found by a cop walking down the onramp to the lincoln tunnel . After 1:30 i'd searched 3 dog parks and most of the streets by the pub and in the general direction of the apartment .
The 18-year-old has been talking to a girl (lets call her dayna) i met up the town centre for about a year through text and facebook . However i started talking to an incredible hot girl (let call her emma) The meet up with emma went incredible well, but to be honest i dont think there is anything between us other than being good friends .
i heard my phone ring and fished it out of my manpurse . Two calls from the \"regular\" location, two minutes apart, and two voicemails . i hurriedly tried to check the messages, thinking there might've been some scheduling confusion . But my phone service had \"upgraded\" the voicemail .
This past week i have been helping some good friends of my family move out of their house . So the other day the husband (lets call him bob) my two friends and i are helping him pack his garage when he offers for us to smoke some weed with him . So he pulls out a funky looking pipe and i jokingly say, that looks like a crack pipe! and we all laugh as he says that he just got some wax .
The 3 year old had a rough day, he wouldn't listen in church, we took him to a friends house and he was throwing tantrums . On the way home we stopped at wal-mart so i decided i would try to lighten the mood and asked if he wanted to play airplane . After about 30 seconds he was back to normal and ready to play .
i fall face first into the urinal while pissing all over my shirt . This was my 1st time skating in a year, and it's gonna be the last . i'm now at this point a piss and blood covered mess, and have to walk out of the rink in this state .
i heard my front door being opened and sure enough it was my mother . i put the vibrator back in the bag in which it came from (still dirty with bits of excrement on it) i ran into the bathroom and got my pants on. Keep in mind the bedroom lights are still on with the closet doors open .
i have a plastic bag with two (rather large) toys and two containers of lube . i put this under my mattress and today my grandpa and i were putting carpet in my room . i turn my head the other way and continue moving the mattress to avoid the shame. i see him look through the bag suspiciously .
A large bottle of water had spilled in the back floorboard of my car so i put a towel over it, weighed it down with some textbooks . As soon as i lifted that stack, ants went fucking everywhere . i'm covered in ant bites, the textbooks are ruined, and i'll be driving around with ant poison for the next few days just in case any of those bastards escaped .
My brother and i got her and another hamster named oreo last week, as a present for their doing good in their final exams and classes . cocoa escaped into the bushes while my dog ran inside, while my brother laughed at me and did nothing to help . She is now trying to keep her from running into the shrubbery, while keeping my dog from her .
The parents can go roam the school and take pictures with their children and their classmates . Being the hormone ridden teenager i am; decided to try out some cheesy pickup lines . When she turns around while saying \"excuse me\" and i realise that the ass belonged to an elementary school teacher .
by god that burrito was superb though, the rest of the walk to the register however was quite awkard . The rest of that walk to register however, however, is quite awekard. by god, the burrito is superb though . The burrito, however was superb, though, was superb and the rest was quite wacky .
Usually i go to the bathroom before every run to ensure no...surprises creep up on my in the middle of the run . About half way into my run when i started feeling the urge . A buildup of pressure was occurring in my abdomen and that combined with my unexpected side stitch was giving me fits .
\"man, this is the girl i'm going to marry,\" just by looking at her? The feeling you get in the pit of your stomach when you look at her, when you are near her. That is true love at first sight. When you start to hang out, you fall in love with their personality . The relationship has now ended, she couldn't deal with it anymore, and i am afraid it will be without my future wife .
i'd never been so mortified as when i cleaned shit off the space below my toes...so gross. Then i ran my foot under the shower water and cleaned my feet with hand soap three times. absolutely disgusting. absolutely. disgusting. Absolutely. absolutely fucking disgusting.
i was cutting wood with a chop saw, the piece was to long so i being stupid tried to support by putting my finger in a odd position and cut the board which proceeds to kick and throw my finger into the blade cutting 50% though the bone and about 65% around my finger .
The photo shoot started at an abandoned colonial tribute compound with gardens and forests everywhere . When i felt the urge to take a shit i figured 'hey, there's a forested ground everwhere so i'll take a stroll and do my business. remember i had a big greasy burger so the poop wasn't a clean exit. i found some leaves and that was that.
A bill of over $6,000 due in a month is due... in a single month . Because i didn't provide proof i went to my classes (i did not know how i could prove this) i have a bill of $6k due... a month a month .
So far she hasn't opened it, but i'm terrified. We were feeling frisky and started snapchatting some dirty pictures . In a rush of excitement, i accidentally highlighted and extra name. So far, i'm still terrified. so far . She hasn't yet opened it .
i got up this afternoon to prepare my awesome christmas brisket . The recipe requires four large and very hot jalape\u00f1os . After washing hands vigorously, i flopped on the couch to watch some tv and surf the web . As all lazy asses tend to do at some point, i reached into my pants to relieve an itch and ended up scratching my taint a little .
i'm coming home from a pre-christmas party and i'll go straight to bed . Turned the lights off, turned my heater on and left the room to go take a piss and also for the room warm up a little . Ended up face planting my dresser .
A couple nights ago i was benzodrinking with my boys and i mistakenly sent the girl i love how i feel she freaked out and didn't feel the same way i did i feel like shit . Anyone know how long it takes for a heart to heal?
The wasabi farts have become more volatile and far more noxious than they were last night . The worst thing was whenever i tried to take a leak . Will update after the reckoning tomorrow, the reckoning begins . The size of the wasabi peas and rice crackers were disappointing .
i knew mandolines are dangerous, so when my mom asked me to use it to slice cabbage for sauerkraut, i didn't worry . But i got to say \"i had a hand in that recipe\", so maybe maybe it was worth it.\"
Server went down (company-wide) forcing a signature on all debit & credit purchases, we couldn't accept giftcards or ebt, and checks were kind of iffy . When the person behind them paid with a $100 bill, i started getting a sinking feeling that it wasn't real. i asked my manager to look at it, and she said it was counterfeit .
All started last night with massive puking and shitting myself about 4 hours after eating a steak . Quarantined for 3 days, i'm not allowed to hold/play with or have contact with my daughter on her first christmas, and i feel like shit . Three other families who were coming over to eat dinner tomorrow now can't .
i don't know for sure how it started but i remember waking up to a little rip in the page i left off on. woke up this morning thinking what a weird dream that was, to find out it wasn't a dream. Good news is i did such a clean job on the rip that there wasn't anything left to tape it to. that was a lie about that being good news, that is not good news.
The girl i like was managing at work, and our shifts ended at the same time . She had been talking about wanting to see despicable me, and there was a movie theater about 5 minutes away with a showing right after our shifts . After the movie, i ran, limping, like a handicapped mule out to the bathroom while the crowd snickered and whispered after me .
Some cousins of mine from further south georgia were at a mutual relatives house . After a few drinks in they thought it would be a good idea to put a dip in . After awhile, i decided to hop on aol and talk to my girlfriend . before i knew it, i was leaning over the computer chair and spewing like a volcano .
i thought i was going to face some sort of consequences (something going wrong with my weiner), but nothing happened to my Iiner thankfully... but... but still works . As of right now, my phone thankfully still works, the only thing gone wrong is that the speakers's sound are lowering tremendously .
i left a can of the good stuff in my coldest box and now my tongue's just drooping out of my mouth like a sick animal . Words of warning: don't freeze freeze mustordi.com. forget us. Forget us. What's the worst sandwich money can buy?
i was cleaning the kitchen when i found a hole where they were coming in and out from . i decided i wanted to pump something up into that hole and make those hell spawn suffer . Then on one squirt a big freaking drop of sanitizer ricocheted off the underside of the counter right into my freaking eye .
i bought new panties today and was a little excited so i decided to send some photos to my boyfriend . As soon as i \"finished\"... i heard a car door slam and realized i was laying butt naked on my bed with the blinds open, lights on, and my new elderly next door neighbors just drove up in their driveway right next door .
'everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn porn' in front of everyone . Now everyone thinks he's into some strange gay porn . In front of all, everyone thinks they're into some porn . The video was released on CNN.com/Heroes . Back to the page you came from .
i am a guy, and i enjoy quality programming (egeg. doctor who, game of thrones, lost, etc. But i knew the dangers of this channel (neighbours, chick flicks, not awesome stuff) i went on it anyway . When i saw john from terminator: the sarah connor chronicles, i watched and watched .
i had the strong urge to throw the old nintendo ds and train those little bastards till they could be trained no more . After about ten minutes of searching, i hoisted the king size mattress along with the box spring up with one arm . In an instant of complete and utter stupidity i bent down to grab the elusive game cartridge and completely smashed me in the back of the head .
Drunkly drunkenly fail, resulting in us tumbling forward and me landing on her . She laughs and asks \"what the fuck man!\" and i replied \"you're too heavy!\" The girl i called fat is a yoga instructor and is most definitely not fat in any way .
The delivery was just wrong, maybe a little too deadpan with odd emphasis, but he just squared his shoulders and squinted . We didn't talk after that, he just squints and squints after telling him \"that's why the old lady and i decided to adopt\"
Some guys do this for fun but not me no. it was gross. It was hot and drippy. i immediately jumped in the shower and cleaned up and now am writing this . i dont know why i am posting this as a psa for fellow men, here it goes .
The final is actually tomorrow, just some misinformation . It was monday. looks like i'm retaking that next semester . The final was actually tomorrow and i'm so relieved.comcomprecisecisecisely relieved. It was actually that i did not make it a final .
i work for a small, private liberal arts college in albany, ny.com . Someone reported my umbrella to the police . After a sweep of the building, they lifted shelter-in-place and let me go on their way . i think it's time for a new umbrella .
The end of my member currently looks like a saveloy sausage . It's not as bad as it was four hours ago and i don't think it will need medical attention . The moral of the story: don't combine the part of your life that involves handling chilli with your meat .
i started drinking liquids and all of the sudden i want to fart . If you have diarrhea chances are. you're gonna end up popping yourself . Good thing i work at home. good thing i worked at home . Check out the full transcript of this article on CNN.com/Heroes .
i put a decimal point one spot to the right of where it should have been . This mistake is worth $600,000,000 . i put the decimal point in one spot, the right to where it was supposed to be . This error is worth more than $600 million .
i decided to masturbate before bed, a frequent occurrence . My kitten sleeps with me and i typically don't let her in until i'm through, to save her innocent kitten mind . After i was finished, i pushed the blanket on the floor and she left my bed to sleep on it .
i don't know what came over me, but it did, and i feel like a jackass for it . i'm hoping she won't hold it against me (she probably will) though . i feel  like an inconsiderate twat and i'm not holding it against her .
i work in a furniture factory doing employment agency work on a temporary contract . Manager is always getting on at me for having my hands in my pockets . He yelled something at me while looking for a trolley to stack some seats on . Manager yelled something from down the factory . He replied \"you won't, or i'll send you home\"
i went to work - boss wasnt there . Texted him about whether he's coming in . After 30 minutes of waiting, i text my brother \"i don't even care if this asshole shows up at this point, im gonna leave on principle alone\" \"oh, i guess my phone isnt alerting me for texts, weird! looks like a few from you though, ill read em in a minute\"
i had to leave dota2 to check something out online . After scratching a large hole into the side of my ball sack and it was leaking blood . i'd say it's about a dime sized patch of skin missing with thin layer of sensitive flesh in between me and seeing what the inside of my scrotum looks like. There was blood all over my boxers and my legs.
The first line was spat spat: \"your dad is so dead it's unbelievable!\" The rapper's father was also bereaved; lost his father . i switched to another video instantly saying \"actually, let me show you this battle instead\" i couldn't fathom his expression and i just damn hope he didn't get reminded of his own uncle and then resent me. talk about fuck-ups.
i laugh at a couple of pictures that a relative puts, and after laughing for a second i go into my other tab at the gore pictures and i'm still laughing from the faceboook post . Then i see in the reflection of my laptop that people are looking at me and it looks as if i am laughing at a picture of a body cut up and gutted bieng used as a sex-doll .
i felt a fart coming up, and i decided to make this one known throughout the house . Then i feel something is on my pinky toe, at which point i freak out a bit... and i'd just eaten italian food so i figured some little piece of meat sauce like flew off my plate when i was scraping the little bits of sauce into the trash can .
i took this girl out to nice little tapas restaurant last night . One of the dishes i usually get is a dish with dates wrapped in bacon so naturally i couldn't wait to get that and some other dishes and show this girl how awesome it was . It wasn't until i realized she had told me she was jewish .
My wife is out of town and i jumped into the bed like a goofy idiot . As soon as my weight sank down into it, on of the rails snapped right in two with a loud **crack******. The bed snapped in two, snapped in .
This is the final epic in the trilogy of poor stanislav, godfather of his boyfriend . He left his keys on the little table by the front door where he keeps shoes . The door flipped into place as i went to the kitchen to get a drink... and as i pass the door flip the lock into place .
My husband is an avid outdoors man . He is currently away hunting ducks . His phone left his phone in the lodge . He sent her a text saying \"you should put the red lace on, then video a strip tease\" His father saw a picture of her in my red lace, halter, babydoll lingerie holding 3 dildos, and a butt plug .
i was sitting with my family around the fire pit . Suddenly we started smelling something strange . After smelling strange, we called him over and he came out all of his back hair was at least 1 1/2 shorter then all his hair . (Our dog is fine just has a really bad unintentional haircut.)
i was watching netflix on netflix and using my laptop while relaxing in my huge recliner chair . After stretching my legs i arch my back high off the chair and immediately began to yawn, without thinking i take my hands off the laptop and put them over my head to complete the stretch . The computer slid off of my stomach like a computer water slide into my exposed teeth .
Sometimes when i get bored i look people up on facebook that i work with . Sometimes, sometimes when i look up on Facebook, sometimes sometimes ending in entertaining results . He's our area manager, but was bored and zoning out i thought, whatever, i'll look, maybe get a chuckle .
i blurted out well you can't be pregnant since your drinking and directly afterwards she said \"i'm pregnant\". i felt like the biggest asshole in the world ruining her news with everyone . The girl said she has some important news to tell everyone but i blurbed out well .
Only 6 hours left at work with a nice 4 inch tear along the seam of one of my back pockets . Only 6 more hours left, with a 4 inch hole in the seams of a back pocket . joy! The tear on the seam on the back of a pocket has been tearing through the seams .
The car had to be pulled over to the side of the road when it was closed . The engine overheated and the fuse for the main cooling fan had blown . It ended up costing me more than \u00a3400,000 to fix it . It cost me over \u00a3400 to repair the car .
i tried to reference star wars and ended up calling africans wookies . i was just trying to be that guy who makes a sweet reference in class . i turn as red as my devils hoodie and slink into a chair while the class tries to recover any part of the colossal idiocy .
tifu because i watched a video about keylogging . Now i am paranoid and and going to watch what i type. Whatever whatever. whatever. Whatever. whatever whatever.whatever. Whatever what happened to to be. tifououou. Tifu was a keyloger .
i'm a 19yo community college transfer student taking my final class for grad requirements . Failed the midterm and/or final ensures you fail the class . Not only did i fail the test, i am pretty sure the degree i applied for will be taken away from me :(
It was the last hour of my shift cashiering at a grocery store in my hometown . A black man that i honestly mistook for one of my regular buyers of newport cigarettes came through my line with his kid and mumbled something at me . The man just stared at me when i handed him the cigarettes so i asked \"is there something wrong?\" to which he replied \"why are you giving me these?\".
The crush happened on t Tuesday, but didn't have the courage to post it until today . She said that she admires my honestly and wants to be friends . She's really cool, and we have a lot in common, but i feel i've made it frosty and weird .
i was having a wonderful morning at work until my manager told me to close a door . Once i closed the door, the folding table fell and hit me in the head . i felt ok for about 15 minutes, but i started to get dizzy and to feel nauseous . i call my bf to see if he can either pick me up or follow me home .
A university friend invites him to a gay club and invites him along . He then asks if i want to have sex but he says he's flattered that's not my cup of tea . One night before we went out, he says his phone needs charging so i invite him to my apartment to charge his phone for five minutes .
i was leaving for work, when i noticed that my car was blocked by a friend's car and my roommate's girlfriends car . The floor mat had slid up over the gas pedal and become jammed in between that and the brake pedal . When i moved my foot over to brake, it got stuck in the mat and missed the brake .
i'm lactose intolerant but indulged in ice cream anyway, resulting in stomach cramps . Instead of sitting on the toilet, i fall into a day's worth of shit and piss . i showered and scrubbed until the water ran cold, but i will never be clean again .
ama!!!!!! Ama!! ama!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Amma!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ama ama. ama, ama! ama . Ama!!!!! !! !! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
i'm getting tired of hearing about your excrement or how you accidentally dispose of it in public . i'm sure i can't be the only one who is tired of this shit by now . If you're not tired of shit, but rather want more posts like these, then i would like to show you rule number two .
Friend2 had his phone and acted as if he was friend1 so that he saw it all . Friend2 can't keep his mouth shut for the rest of the world, so he's just about the only person in the world who i wouldn't want to know about my friend .
i'd just applied for a job in telecom engineering at a local place (about 2 \u00bd miles walk from home, estimated that it'd take me about 45-50 minutes . After 3:30pm interview time, interview time was 3 hours until 2pm presentation slot . Interview went well, and i'll find out if i got the role or not before next Monday .
i work at a day camp and i was with the 2nd grade class and had a kid sitting on my lap . Until he moves back a bit more, right onto my full blown boner . \"what's this hard thing in your pants?\" i immediately turn bright red and walk out of the room .
The tifu subreddit is one of my favorite subs and today i finally have something terrible and stupid to contribute to the wonder of this subreddit . When i looked at the calendar calendar i placed the 27th, in my brain, on friday . At around 11 a.m. this morning i realized my error with a thundering horrifying realization .
My roommate and i frequently send hilarious imgur links back and forth over text message while we are at work . In my haste i texted him a link to some gay porn i was enjoying the night before . The video also contained a light level of bondage for imagery, no leather, just rope .
An hour into my shift i was walking down an aisle and without any sort of warning my body decided that it couldn't hold back the tides . i spent the next half hour mopping myself up and trying to save the thoroughly stained dockers. threw the underwear in the trash and managed to reduce the stains to barely noticeable stripes .
Fruit flies attracted hordes of tiny fruit flies over the kitchen . The flies were still alive and well buzzing around like the little bastards they are . After airing out the kitchen and opening every window in the apartment the kitchen still seems like a world war one mustard gas attack, and my roommates think i'm a fucking idiot .
Use the toilet brush side to side, not up and down, otherwise shit can flick into your face . Don't trust a fart, don't do anything weird with your genitals . Use the brush side-to-side and not up-and-down, otherwise .
The 13-year-old is already in a relationship with a girl, but yesterday went horribly wrong . Yesterday, i was asked to help her find -insert item-. it wa stolen from -classroom names- class . The other girl stood staring at me... watching me climb up to the top of the racks to put -new item- away . She was standing together in the shed to clean up their sport game .
This week i am on night shift working 2300-0700 . Normally i catch the train to and from work as this allows me to get an extra two hours sleep each day . In mid twirl i can't hold it anymore and my ass explodes . Somehow i managed to defy gravity and sit down faster than the shit leaving my body .
20-year-old male works as a writer at a start-up i shan't name for privacy . Being sleepy as i was, i hadn't noticed that i was standing a good two feet away from the toilet bowl . After i was done i reached down and pulled my pants back up to notice that my underwear and pants were damp .
The story got 'better' in the sense that it got more juicy though. i hadn't been working on him for a minute before we see headlights and he says \"shit, someone's here\" Two pairs of headlights not 20 feet from us busted busted. They ran my information. On our way we went after being thoroughly rattled .
An elderly woman in a muumuu approached the emergency room desk and stated rather loudly that she had ticks inside of her vagina and would like to have them removed . Out of some animalistic instinctive curiosity i poked his head in the room and witnessed the doctor mid-removal .
i set the computer off the charger on to the floor, disconnected the charger from the wall, and ate some floor . My kind of night. My dog tripped over that shit, took the computer on the floor and disconnected from the charger . My last night was a dog who tripped on the couch .
The catastrophe took place this morning while i was masturbating . Golf ball sized wiffle ball, white and hollow, next to me was a golf ball-sized toy . When i finished the job and was ready to take out the toy and **oh shit. The damn damn thing won't come out.
My family is on a winter vacation and we live in a small hotel room . When me and my sister finished eating we asked our father if we had nothing to talk about there . As i went in to the toilet and placed my mac on the basin and started browsing gw while doing what a man does . While i sprung from the toilet my arm decided to play a prank on me and pushed the computer off the floor .
i went into amok (i have slight psychical problems) and pounded him into wall . After the fight, there was blood everywhere, and worst of all, that was all my blood . Now my school reputation is completely lost and i think i need to move to the other school .
i was driving down the main street in my town, which just so happens to house the local police station . As i pass them i hear a loud bang on my back window, i look in the rearview and see them acting hard like you'd assume gangsters would after doing something gangsterish . The one kid that hasn't said anything now starts crying.
i had a flight lesson at 8 about 10-15 miles from my house and i was running late . Thankfully my instructor was late enough that i could just run back to the terminal . Just go poop, i know someone here is probably about to shit their pants. this could have been bad.
A hot chick from class invites him to a frat party in college . After a few thrusts i feel it getting warm, but kept going, then all of a sudden i can't move, she's asking what the fuck i'm doing . Someone put some glue in the vaseline, so i take a big glob and later it all over her ass and my dick .
Box was a panic button of sorts, and a swat team was on it way . The box was a button on it, and i happened to push it in . The swat team arrived at the end of the night before the dinner rush started . It was five minutes later, a burly swat guy with a massive gun patrolling our store .
Danthefat2 is a pca (basically, a nurse's assistant) during a routine blood sugar test . While i was squeezing her finger to get enough blood to fill my machine, she woke up and started screaming . After a couple of hours had passed, the patient was no longer convinced i was the devil and we had established a working relationship .
The typical off my chest sub about some girl who gets the shit beat out of her by bf and not knowing what to do . So i post whether or not they had sex, knowing full well she is still with him for whatever excuse/reason . Even posts of herself saying she's scared that the guy's family won't like her if she says anything .
i'm sorry for not getting this out sooner, but it turns out that i'm only getting a write up since it was a mistake . Loss prevention team came in checked the cameras to see if it was on purpose or not (it wasn't) and basically just said don't let it happen again .
The other members of my group decided to just film it and have me edit it so i don't get 0% on the project . i was in bed early due to being sick, so i wasn't on the computer to see his messages . Now he is pissed off at me because i didn't edit it .
i left my bike locked outside our house because i couldn't be bothered to bring it in, it had been out for a couple of weeks already . Last night someone stole it from southampton . i would really appreciate it if guys in england could keep an eye out for  a silver diamondback dbm05 from Southampton .
i've managed to recover my files to another drive, but 5 of 5 recovery tools saved the data but not the file name . 1/3 of my files renamed, i haven't found v for vendetta yet, i hope it is just a matter of time . All files larger than 4gb have been lost .
i've had 4-5 female friends for almost 10-11 years and one since high school . When my mom died earlier this year there were two of these friends who were very supportive and i've kept up with them more and more . When something big or a birthday came around a text would be sent off, catch up for a bit and then back to no word for a year or more .
The neighbors are a really nice muslim family, so they have 3 cars and pack them all into the driveway . Over 10 years, i didn't mind because we only have 2 cars, and if they park the 3rd car a little on their lawn and partially in the driveway, we can fit 5 cars . Over those years i felt terribly awkward and just \"oh man dinner is ready'd\" away .
i was sent to train some people on a new company program at a store i used to work at . The girl walked up and said \"ohh hey looks like you're getting ready to pop another one out huh?\" i could tell by the looks of the others before she could even tell me \"im not pregnant\". needless to say i will never jump to those conclusions ever again .
The main issue here is that my parents aren't too fond of homosexuals . After i finished i clean myself up with the paper towels i leave near my desk . Then get up and pull my pants back up, turn to grab my shirt and notice that my door was open . i'm too scared to go downstairs for fear of what might await me .
i had it set up where i was dual booting osx & win7 with 375 gb each set up via bootcamp . Now, i can still boot into osx and all my win partition files are still accessible... but i just cant figure out how to fix my partition map so it finds windows again .
The piss was going under the seat, out of the bowl and on to my (beige) trousers . i was too deep in potty-thought to realise until i saw the light gently gleaming off my trickle of piss, congregating at the waistline of my pants .
i was in my bedroom enjoying a bit of r34, altogether minding my own business when there is a knock on the door . Then the door proceeds to open without waiting for a response rom me . In walks my 13-year-old sister, in walks her 13 year old sister . As she left i could see on her face and in her eyes a look of utter repulsion .
A few minutes later i return and see my unplugged toaster is smoking and my soup is cold . i put my soup in a pot, turn on the oven and leave the room to answer the phone . The toaster sits on the top burner of my stove .
The inside of my blazer pocket is lined with a fabric that has a similar texture to satin . As i stood up, i heard a distinct \"plop\" of something falling into the watery poop porridge of excrement . After i finished, i put my phone in my pocket, wiped and stood up . The phone had dove head first into my bodily waste .
The only other person in the apartment was in the shower and the door was locked . So i peed in my mcdonalds cup and poured it down the sink . When i came back my friend was sipping on a tall rum and coke- straight from my empty piss cup .
The letter stated that i had to confirm my acceptance with them before 2am of today....the 19th, about 18 or so hours ago. The fraternity left to a group vacation this holiday weekend and 2am was the time they left to drive down to their lodge or cabin or whatever the hell they are staying .
my wife regularly shaves/waxes for me so i thought i would do something special for her . She is on a work trip till monday so she thought this would be the perfect time . But boy was i wrong about this being a good surprise . i am going to try and put some moisturizer on them see how it goes from here .
\"gloop-gloop\" coming from somewhere in the wall of the toilet . Wife frantically corral the dog, who is barking and pawing at the shit-water like it's his watery foe . The toilet was full to the rim with an unholy brew the color of rancid tea .
A scallywag grabs one and brings it to his face for inspection . He shrugs and hammers down half of the treat . The man eyes light up and says \"oh hell yeah!\" made my day but i do feel bad for encouraging the whole ordeal .
i flipped on my bike yesterday. ripped up both of my palms. right palm so worst than left . Was it worth it? i still dont know why i still don't know why it was ripped up . i still do not know what it was worth it, but i still have to know .
A half hour later my friend was watching tv and saw that i got up and went straight to my fridge and got in the pissing position and started to pee all over the shelves . The video explains the rest of my story...enjoy my fuck up cause i now owe the house a grocery store visit .
This did not actually happen today, it happened in the fall, but it warrants retelling . The first day of the school year was a freshman at a large public university and made friends with a girl off of the facebook group of said university . During our conversation i began to feel nauseated as we talked, i started crushing on her even harder .
After eating, i was on reddit, i saw a certain nsfw gif gif in /r/gaming regarding a choice of cake, gameboy, and a woman . Instead i got slight sensation of burning on my dick, and feels like my crotch is sitting in its own piss .
i was sitting in class the other day, then a dude from my class asked if i had a pen, i said yes and he borrowed it, then he went to the computer and put a science test in the pen . Then he said if i could post online, on facebook, for the rest of the class, why not . What can be the consequences? can i get expelled or something?
When i was younger, my friends and i had a sort of game, a bigger dick contest in a way . The pictures were just a way to hold on to the past . Recently i decided to send the pictures to my new email just in case my computer crashed . Apparently i was still logged into my ex's computer and she stumbled on all of these pictures . Now she wont even speak to me .
Room mate named mike is a cool dude but a lot of fun to do shit to. walk past and say \"sorry guys, i don't mean to be a waste of genetics, i will try harder in the next life\". When he hears the machine going and smoke everywhere he will emerge and get him in the balls .
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery . Please submit your best shots for next week . Submit your best shot at a new gallery of snapshots . Submit photos of the gallery to see the gallery below . Visit CNN.co.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new destination .
Got accused of being drunk, got sent home after 45 minutes, had to get breathalysed . Got told i could be fired on the spot (even though my bac was 0, so that would be unfair dismissal . Got sent home and had to have breathalysed, got told i was sober, got drunk . Has a meeting with my boss before i start work today over this .
In a walgreens, i was picking up advil for a raging headache and what seems to be a mild case of the chills . i go to let out a little far (surely it won't be too big) i clench up and make a face.  casually, casually,  ask the cashier if the store can hold my stuff for me .
my truck, 1980 toyota pickup, broke down last weekend . Turns out it needed a new carburetor . Now i'm out $150, my truck still isn't running, and i don't have enough money left over to buy a different carb.com .
The pizza is 31 bucks, i hand him 50, take the pizza and close the door . i meant to tip the guy 7 bucks, so it was a great fuck up for him . Pizza was tasty though though. pizza was tasty, i forgot how to numbers for a few minutes .
i got invited to go see one of my favorites, \"the rocky horror picture show\" with a group of friends at the drafthouse . The day before the movie, i went through all my trashy and not so trashy lingerie in search of the perfect ratio of \"slutty and sexy\"
i live in a suite-style dorm so there's two bedrooms connected by a bathroom that they both share . When i hear my suitemate in his room talking to some girl (didn't recognize her voice) Turned the shower on just to make them think i was taking a shower and let them know i was in the bathroom so they shouldn't come in .
a company was looking at making me their manufacturing engineeer for 65k,(i make 15/hour as an intern doing the same job) i figured i'd just do it during my leisurely hour+ commute . The stress of the interview compounded with the stress of keeping a car on the road made it stupid hard to give well formed answers .
A fly flew inside the toilet bowl and i thought i hit it enough to submerge it under the water . The little fly landed on my lip and i tried knocking it off, causing me to piss everywhere in the stall including my pantleg. lesson learned, don't fuck with flys.
My mother, 83, deals with technology as well as any other typical octagenerian - the shit just baffles her . One of the voicemails was my father who passed away 3 years ago . The message was the last time he told my mother \"i love you\"
i seriously thought he had turned 50 last year, so i guessed he was turning 51.  nope, 49.  always go lower, they say . So much for being honest an accurately accurate, i thought he'd turn 51 . Always go lower than ever .
i had no idea i had even called him until i looked at my phone this morning and made the horrifying discovery that i called 22 times between the hours of 2-4am . He shared the messages with all of his co-workers so they too could laugh! The only one that was clear was the one he played back for everyone .
The post office decided to forward my mail to me yesterday . The state job, making 42-52 k a year, makes my job like 13.50 hr, buy only 30 hrs a week . This was in september, i got a job as a graphic designer making 18$ hr .
Manager at his work was universally hated to work with as he was that bad . Texted friend at work saying 'x is leaving!!!!!!' Texted her friend to say she didn't reply, and realised i had send the message to himself . needless to say that car journey back to work was awkward .
i was running late trying to get out of my house to work . When lunch time i opened up my bag to make 2 sandwiches only finds that i left the meat at home . Right now i am eating two american cheese sandwiches . The two sandwiches were left at home for lunch time .
i was at my friends house when he decided to throw the football . After some prodding, i agreed to run some fly routes and make some crazy one handed catches with my own soundtrack . The ball finally arrives, just barely with enough time to keep his feet in bounds before stepping up the curb .
i put the weed in the wrong car...and then it hit me. Immediately i drove back to the store to see if i could fix my mistake and, to my horror, i saw that the car was already gone . i got his keys again and put a gram in his real car this time .
i was taking care of business when one of the cats decides to push her way in and see whats up . At first i don't think much of until she comes up to me looking like she is about to rub up against my leg...but no she decides to pee on me .
The only real spot to have sex is the bed of the mother's mother . She was paralyzed by a stroke that left her unable to get back to her bed . Her mother is now recovering from a stroke which left her in the side of her body . She and her mother were able to get into the bed, but were unable to make it past security .
i am in a leadership position in junior rotc (high school military program), and i go in her class to help the freshmen . When she took charge, she struggled calling a command, and so i sent her back to the formation . \"i feel like a total ass for making her do that.
i forgot to lock the door to my room (locks on the inside and outside) so my cat decides to come in to look at the bearded dragons while \"looking\" at them he knocks the basking light on to a pillow . Luckily my bearded dragons were fine and so was my cat but my pillow was burned .
So apparently if you hit the random button on reddit too much, you'll get linked to r/bluewaffles . i was just looking around reddit while my dad was sitting behind me, reading a book . My dad proceeded to cough a bunch coffee up and asked me what the hell i was doing .
Last night, i went to a mardi gras ball and ate a little too much junk . About a half hour later, i felt like i had to vomit again . i began to chuck, and some diarrhea began to come out the other end with each heave . Luckily, i call my grandparents because they have a key to my house .
This actually happened two years ago but i am new to reddit.com . Half of my family is catholic (no sex before marriage) and the other half is pretty much just a bunch of laid back funny relatives . In order to get to my bathroom i needed to walk past my kitchen without my family noticing the horrifying murder scene .
i have a paper work due tomorrow.. i have been doing it since one week ago . But i was too excited about giving it to my teacher so that he would say.. \"good work\" so sadly, i'm too hasty when printing it, i forgot to click \"print preview\" in the ms word printing option menu . after the first page comes out.. there were only [black line words].
i haven't been sick to the point where i felt the need for nyquil since i've been on cymbalta . i woke up around 12:00ish feeling a little spiny and like i might need to puke . At this point i'm starting to freak out, all the sensations and the intensity just kept building and building .
i was drinking on my lawn, when i noticed that there is more bees than usual . The reason there is so darn many bees, is that there's a nest of bees right by my front door . i know i must blow up their hive, and take off running as soon as it starts blowing up .
i spent an entire day editing photos, video, and audio, and made my first mistake by not keeping copies of anything after transferring . The warranty on this machine expired last month and i couldn't find any signs of damage around the drive bay . i tried rebooting it, but it didn't recognize the hard drive as a bootable device .
i intended to go to the funeral to represent my family (who are all overseas at the moment) i realized i had the wrong edith when the rabbi said the date of death, two days earlier than the edith i was looking for . After about 20 minutes, the pall bearers removed the casket from the grave and began to speak .
'not sure what's going to happen now, but i'm expecting a very angry girlfriend and possibly getting dumped very soon' 'it was starting to go so well too. It's starting to be so well well too,' she says . Not sure what will happen now .
i was at his house, and i left my ipad there overnight, when i left that evening . The next day, today, his mother went on my (unlocked) ipad, and looked through all my messages . i'm so angry right now, what do?
Girlfriend (17 yrs old and i am also 17) waits outside her house to drop off her gift, which is a baby bunny that i cleaned, bought a cage for, slapped a bow on that ball of 'dorable' and went on my way . Her friend said \"who the fuck waits for someone to get home like a creep, gross\"
My shower hose has had a hole in it for quite some time now and it keeps getting bigger and therefore the pressure of the water stream lower . After a few minutes i suddenly noticed my chest had a huge red spot om it and quickly got out. My chest, back and face was covered in a red rash of some sort . When i got back in for a sec to turn the water off it just got worse. Some of it dripped down onto the tap .
So my buddy from school does chewing tobacco, a.k.a. dip, and convinced me to try it . So he gave me his can with just a little left for one lip, and i tried it today . Spent spit in a gatorade bottle for a little while, and flushed it down the toilet and rinsed my mouth out .
A couple times a week i get to bring banking and go have a nice long lunch at home with my pups . The bank my office is with just happens to be connected to my apt. apt. It's pretty nice because a couple times . Today, i did the banking, my boss got me to grab him 800 in cash along with the usual deposits . The envelope was no longer in my pocket .
i googled \"practical driving test\" and clicked a link, thinking it was the direct website of the examinations . The usual price is \u00a362; it was only after i re-checked my bank account online and saw that \u00a395 had been taken out of it . i now have \u00a35 left as i didn't read the website .
Older brother (by only 11 months) was eating lasagne opposite me and blowing on a bit of it on his fork . \"it's not that hot!\" i complained to him, resulting with him looking up and saying, \"you try eat a piece from the middle\"
The history started with me going to have lunch one day . After eating 5 pounds of food i thought about going back there and asking her number . After 2 days i went back there, i walked directly to the place where she used to work . After i explained myself she just said she was married with the owner of the restaurant .
i really wasn't trying to target him or his race but he got very offended . i tried so hard to apologize, but i'm terrible at confrontations and i am pretty sure it sounded fake and like i really didn't give a shit when i tried to apologize .
Cyclist finally decides to shave his legs . Fire alarms in block of shared flats set off my steam from the showers . The fire alarms in the block of flats are really sensitive, so i couldn't go back in the shower so as not to arouse suspicion . So i was left with 1 1/2 hair legs and the disapproval of all my flatmates .
i work at a local italian place washing dishes and cooking . As the last server leaves out the back door, someone brings up how the way the boss asked if she could pick up an extra shift next week could be misinterpreted to ask if she was a stripper . After making this remark and immediately regretting it, she leaves, and the other guy proceeds to give me crap for it .
While ringing up a foreign customer, the registers thought i was putting in his total . When i swiped his card the registers somehow it was read as cash . The register was short over $1000, the exact amount that the gentleman has had spent . The higher ups are looking into this and apparently bulk buyers are extremely frowned upon .
i have not met a single bad woman on pof for a while . She tracked me down on facebook and started spam texting me . She then tracked him down and started sending her to facebook . i don't know what to do, i have tried giving her subtle and not so subtle hints...
A woman asks, quite nicely, \u201cdo you like this better than in class discussions?\u2019\ufffd\ufffd\ufffdbecause i don\u2019t like talking to people.\u201d\ufffd she walks away awkwardly . The woman asks why she doesn't like to talk to people in class .
Car was making noise and when i stopped at the store i went to look at it, i bent over and checked the rotors for any groves in them . Well as you guessed it not that smartest thing to do after driving the car for an hour to take and put your finger on it .
\"just because i listen to budweiser doesn't mean i drink countr... dammit\", meant to say . Decididrd to go to a friends and have some beers, but she decides to play music we all agree onand picks country . Me jokingly said \"just . listen to Budweiser don't mean they listen to country music\"
Before bed i thought it would be a good idea to sit on his face . As i finished, i realized my boyfriend was unconscious and to make matters even worse i knee'd him right in the face as i was getting off . needless to say, i won't be sitting on my boyfriend anymore .
Found a water bottle on bench in kitchen, about a 1/3 of clear liquid left in it, obviously water so i top that bad boy up with cordial and head to uni . Clearly someone left coconut rum in the bottle ( housemate) nothing like knocking back painkillers with rum .
After waking up, i thought my right hand was a small animal attacking me, and attempted to kill it by smashing it on the ground . This is not the first time that something like this has happened, a few months ago, thunder woke me up and i thought someone was breaking into my apartment and i ran around with my big maglite .
He was driving in a long line of cars doing the speed limit when he overtook him . The car was overtaken by a man who was clearly shouting, pointing and pointing . Luckily, he managed to lose his car in the back of the road and is now back on the road .
My mom has been getting more and more clingy, as my twin sister and i will be the first children to leave the nest . The conversation topics have gone a little stale in absence of anything new happening on a day to day basis . The youngest of us is going into fifth grade this year .
So i was house sitting for my uncle for the past few weeks . He said the typical 'no parties, protect my house' thing . Never said anything about not having my boyfriend over . He yelled at me for about 15 minutes over the phone, about how he trusted me and how i should apologize to my aunt .
The story starts here, with a new messaging app . Messages from a friend inviting out to dinner for his bday came through as an mms (probably due to length) Most of which i don't even know, i'm getting messages back from every person on that list, most of which . Most of the messages were sent back by a creep .
i'm an ass, i guess, is the only thing i can say . He \"deflated\" almost immediately and i learned that he's actually extremely self conscious about the size of his penis . \"i'm lucky he still loves me,\" i'm lucky to still love me .
When i was 12, my dad got an atv. he would always take us on rides . When i first started riding with him, i always though, *he's going so fast!* not anymore... i've been asking my dad to go on a ride with me, but up until now, he said .
My boyfriend sneaks up on me and starts playing with my boobs . As he is tickling me, he kneels down and starts grabbing my ass . In the confusion, i shrieked and let out a very wet fart that i was holding in, making my panties moist .
This is a psa, for all of you who think dancing with no dick restriction is a good idea . i helicoptered like i have never helicoptered before and as my girlfriend giggled i began to lose the erection . i collapsed on the ground naked and held my funny bits cringing on the floor as my lady had the longest laugh of her life .
Banker had a client that had a multi-million dollar deal happening . They needed my bank to provide the bid bond (basically a statement from the bank saying they have a certain amount of money locked up, that the government can take if the company fails to meet their obligations . The only one person in operations (the other people were sick & on compliance leave) who could approve it and he went for a long lunch . When i got up to collect it, it was up to my waist .
The man had the tell-tale signs of down-syndrome / autism, and he was watching a funny video on his phone . i screamed, \"wtf man it's 6 o'clock in the morning and you've been laughing outside my apartment window for like 20 minutes straight!\" The man turned around and looked confused and frightened .
About 2 years ago, i had been introduced to alcohol for the first time . The next thing i remember, i stand up, feeling a wetness on the back of my jeans and the smell of vomit wafting up to my nostrils . i'm obliterated, slurring my words and stumbling around, having a great time .
2 hours later they still burn . 2 hours after they burn, they still have to be burned . The two burners are still burning in their home town of Los Angeles . They are burning in the middle of the day, but they are still on the run from the burning site .
A week ago she got into a massive car accident, ripping her stitches and giving her a concussion to the point that she doesn't remember the accident . My stepdad said \"oh jeez, that poor woman and her family, the hits just keep coming\" to which i replied out of habit, \"haha, literally. ba dum tsss\"
my sister and i are on vacation in miami, Miami . After getting on the highway, the bus has some sort of a brake down and the driver went to get a new bus to transfer the luggage to . After 20 grueling miles of watching the fare go up, we payed about 100 dollars and went back to our hotel .
i kind of complained about my housemate jane to her sorority sister . Even her boyfriend has been asking me if jane and i are really fighting . If she decides to move out, i'm fucked because, well, rent.com will be difficult to rent .
The mods removed it after over 250 karma, so i messaged \"whats the deal\", things escalated and now its fucking gone.\"read all about it here here . Read all about the post here, i submitted to reddit.com/r/karmacourt/comments/1kjazd//i_recently_posted a picture to an old theme park in nc.com .
The day before, i called everyone i could to see if they are willing to cover for me . The very same customer that witnessed my nose bleed, saw that i stuffed a wad of toilet paper up my nose, washed my hands and went back to work . i left an hour early once my co-workers had their breaks had their lunch breaks . She was rightfully pissed, all i could do was offering free food .
i had to crap in the woods and grabbed the only large leaf i could find . Was the worst poison ivy i've had in years . i knew what i had done immediately after. i knew immediately after . The worst ivy ever was in years, and was the worst Poison Ivyy ever .
i always carry my gun with me in my car and then bring it inside when i get home from work or wherever . Then i drive 30 min to work and forget it's there and don't put it in the usual spot in the car . Could have gotten fired and arrested at work, still probably would get fired if work found out .
It was gross it was gross . It's been gross it's been a gross thing to do with it . It was the first time a gross gross amount of money was spent in the U.S. it was reported to be a gross . The gross gross gross interest in gross gross behavior of the world .
The centipede ran over my foot, which made me try to jump out of the way and get it off . The little bastard then scurried up the shower curtain and somewhere into my apartment, where he now lives in victory knowing that he kicked a human's ass .
Some of my class needs the help, i posted the guides online for them, only problem is . While making them i'd incorporate little superscripts of my feelings towards the chapters and general tediousness of what we need to know . But forgot to hit save...so i uploaded all the files and have no way to delete them .
i was not doing well this past week . No amount of straining produced more than the smallest, puniest little bit of hard poop, while the pressure of the rest taunted me . So i decided to tackle this medicinally, i got a box of laxative pills . The box told me, take another 1 to 3 pills, without going over 3 pills a day .
The title says it all . i lost my passport . My dad is going to kill me, how the hell am i'm going to tell him . The passport was found by the end of the year . It was found in Florida, Florida, and is now back in Florida .
i've never had a one night stand before, and i'm not the type to do so, and after this never again never again . In doing so i may have slightly neglected my best friend who only knew me at the party, that's the first part of the fuck up .
i got a rejection letter while at work from from an outstanding graduate school in my hometown that i would have loved to go to . During my upset (pretty much crying) state i told one of my apparently loudmouth and untrustworthy coworkers what had happened, in confidence . turns out that my boss has major hookups at that school and he was going to speak to the dean about rescinding the letter .
i was playing my soprano sax today and decided that it would be a good time to clean it . With the swab, came the neck of the sax, ripped right from where it was welded on . All i ended up with a few burns, a deep cut in my thumb, and a still broken saxophone .
The tiny hose that controls the water flow for my tank had broken loose . Luckily for my story, without a lid constraining the water, it was free to live out it's dreams . Unfortunately for me, that dream was to spray me in the face with the force and accuracy of anything outside of back alley films from thailand .
i have a bit of a thing about smelling food before i eat it . Since i was on my own and not thinking, i raised the powder to my nose and took a big sniff . Now i sit here, nasal passages still fuming (figuratively and literally) at me .
This happened about 22pm on a saturday night and i felt like i had to take a shit . Half through the night i felt that something wasn't quite right, too tired to care, i slept in again though . After about 2 more of these small \"half-asleep\" wakeups\" i wanted to scratch my ass, which resulted in some cold goo being pressed closer to my butthole .
The apartment next to ours was being remodeled and now finished, the new renter is moving in today . When i get to the stairs, i realize he is blocking them by sitting down sideways on them, i turn sideways at the same time he stands up so i new an awkward game of chicken was incoming .
i had a midterm scheduled for 10:00 this morning, and my commute usually takes a little over an hour . At this point, things were looking incredibly grim, because i'd be lucky to even get there for 11:20 . i hurriedly gathered my things and got ready to leave, and then my mom offered to drive me .
i dropped my ipod and the screen shattered, so i decided to take off the screen . Later on i let my 17 month old brother play with my psvita, which lead to him factory resetting that . After installing it i now have 1 inch black borders around my screen .
i downloaded a popular media player used by a chinese tv/movie site . Pop up of an chinese girl in lace lingerie appeared, face down ass up . Without missing a beat, i x'd out of the pop up, look at the class, and simply say \"shit\"
The phosphoric acid was used to remove some of the limescale . But i hadn't bargained on our cleaning lady to have already have poured a load of bleach in there earlier in the day . Nobody is dead, which is good. nobody is dead. Nobody's dead, but i had a room full of chlorine gas .
i was about a quarter of the way through the test when i felt the beginnings of a violent shit coming on . i rushed through it, blazing through kinematic equations like they were nothing . After the end of the test, i was cramping up, and releasing a few embarrassing sounds from my nether regions .
will edit when sober when sober . Will write when sober. Will edit when drunk . Will be able to edit at the bottom of the page on CNN.com.com/Heroes.com . Please submit your best photos of your best shots at CNN iReport.com for a new gallery .
When your contacts are dry (like if you sleep in them) they are difficult to take out and sting a little . Using a finger nail to get up under the edge of the lens, i decided to use it to pull it out on the first attempt . When i got more frustrated and the pain kept increasing, decided to keep pulling - i couldn't bare to have these things in anymore .
i decided today that i was going to rub out a nice one and grabbed the first thing i could use as lube, applying it to my genital bits . During clean up while everything was returning back to it's original size i began to feel a burning sensation . When i ran to the shower and decided to blast my balls with the high pressure shower head . needless to say it hurt, so my balls were burning .
i was playing a game with mum where i tell her all the states of america and she tells me if i've missed any . As i was showing her a list on the internet she said \"that's not it.\"and it was pornand it's pornand
A few months ago i put a redditor made song on my ipod, \"i always think of guys when i beat my meat\" The song contained lyrics like \"i'm gay with every boy i see, don't care if they shower, dirty, or clean\", \"it aint' wrong that i like to touch, 24/7 ain't that much\", and \"one day i saw my daddy in the shower, so i chocked my chicken for half an hour\"
On friday i ordered a medium pizza(8 slices) and some breadsticks from papa johns . i ate 3 slices and 3 breadsticks and put the rest in the fridge . The kicker is that the pizza box was not in any of the trash bins at our office .
went to a blackjack table with a $50 minimum bet and ended up leaving the table with $525 . i was psyched so i took out my phone to snap a picture of the chip\u2026i dropped it forever. i hope it went to someone who needed it\u2026like anyone there needed.
WARNING: puke so much burger/bleu cheese that it clogged the drain of the drain . After two songs, i sat in the back with a cup of water and puked in said cup until it was generously full . i got back to my room, hopped in the shower, and proceeded to puke .
i feel like my insides turned inside out and then decided to make their way out my ass . It ended with me passed out on my bathroom floor . It's now 6am sunday, and i have spent all my time glued to the toilet with uncontrollable shits .
i was tripping balls and couldn't find a place i wanted to piss . My friend thought he'd take a funny photo of me high . His face went from smiling, to pure horror within a second . For a moment i thought he was mental. We both found it pretty funny for a while afterwards .
The entire 16oz cup of coffee dumps all over my computer . i freak out obviously and remember that liquids usually only mess up electronics due to shorts . i borrow a screwdriver from one of the baristas and get to work . It still has some stickiness inside it, whether it's sugar or semen, the world will never know .
One minute of the finished film was zoomed in on my friend's ample and shapely breasts . The entire class and even the professor were shooting me daggers . i had to beg the professor to not give my team a failing grade, and accepted one instead . i swear i had no idea, and i have now switched to final cut pro .
$25 to barnes&noble, gone, gone . $25 was for my grandma. in a separate bag. yes, its own big bag. Yes, it blew out my car and i didnt chase it.. got home and realized it was in said bag that blew away .
The same guy, whom i shall refer to as \"the brony\", is often sitting at my computer right before the class . When i saw him walk out and proceed to grab the front of his pants to \"adjust\" himself, as though he were in his own private bedroom and not walking down a campus hallway . After switching the chair, i sat down and logged in with the keyboard, i felt something unusual, a moistness along the sides of the mouse .
\"Breathing in a sh*t-ton of water and burning the crap out of my brain,\" he says . \"I'm breathing in a lot of water,\" he said . \"And breathing in the water ... and breathing in ... water,\" says the actor . The actor says he has \"breathed\" in a \"sh*t\"
i had to use bolt-cutters to get rid of the overgrown weeds . i have to replace the blades with a new deck spindle . i won't be trying to mangle the tall stuff for a while . i've been trying to get back to the top of the list .
i recently acquired some lsd on blotter paper that i was planning on ingesting sometime in the next week . This isn't something that i normally normally do, maybe just once a year . None of them know that i do this kind of thing, so, i decided to keep it wrapped in foil in the fridge .
i need to get this off my chest, i feel like crap, i don't know what i'm doing with my life or what i knew what i was doing before hand . \"throwaway is throwaway,\" says throwaway is thrownaway, but i'm not doing what i did before hand.\"
One night i was working with the owners son and we decided to go for a jog in the park the next morning . Half way through the lap i am in desperate need of a bathroom . Luckily he doesn't notice and jokingly says \"you may wanna wipe your butt when you get home\"
A day after i threw my shit-stained boxers into the recycling bin, i knew i had to rescue my bin before it was airborne . i ran outside in the pouring rain, only to see the bin fall over . i have no idea where it landed, but i'm sorry if it landed in your yard .
i take a nice big rip off the bong and cough like a motherfucker at the same time shitting all over myself and  through my boxers all over the couch . Now i'm going to try this again; i think sitting on the toilet this time .
i took all the stuff out of the microwave, but somehow missed the sharpie . Later i decided to microwave some beans, but it's all leaky and melty and now it's leaking . i didn't ruin my life though, so i've got that going for me .
A year ago, i saw the same thing again which reminded me of the incident . As an intern in it last summer, i was dragged behind a battering ram of filthy dinosaurs . As a token of our sadness, we got a post it note that simply read:\"sorry about the nose\", and pasted it over the gaping hole .
i was in the kitchen making dinner, chicken some garlic habanero peppers and some other various things.... i chopped up the chicken, washed my hands. i then went on the couch sat down, did the old nut readjustment. and then, the pain, feels fine now, but was not a very enjoyable hour.
my cat has the habit of following me every time i go up or down stairs in my home . i walk with a cane and have diminished grip strength so it's always a bit scary when i innocently traverse the stairway . This was not his lucky day, though; i rooted down the cane and was making my step when he decided to \"switch lanes\" and get right in front of me .
After about a week i called my gf over to stay at my house while my parents were gone for the time on some cruise . She asked if she wants to spend the night and she gets in my bed . After a scary movie she says she is sleepy and i led her to my bed and she sleeps in my parents bedroom . She was in fetal position crying and i thought i pushed too hard or she was so tight it hurt her .
i was awoken at 5:30am by my sister to drive her to work . She was still \"only a little bit tipsy\"-her words . After speeding like a maniac she gets to work on time . When a cop pulls her over, she gets a ticket for failing to have proof of insurance .
i put my earphones in to listen to a podcast the other day as i journeyed to work . For some reason, the sound wouldn't come out of the right earphone . This was my first mistake, i went on amazon and ordered some new earpods today .
i had a father and son pull into my pumps to obviously fuel up . When they pulled up, they parked in front of the regular unleaded gasoline pump . While the men were standing there i began to pump their gas . i put about $30 worth of regular into their tank, handed them the receipt and wished them a good night . Now i must pass a drug test and hope that i get to keep my job .
Friends and i rented a cabin earlier this summer with a 3rd floor balcony . Friend lets his dog out (unbeknownst to me) to use the bathroom . i underestimated my distance and pissed on the dog instead . Friend bought the dog inside and went to bed covered in my piss .
i was on the bus coming home from visiting a friend in a nearby town, and i started dreaming about her . The second i reach her privates, all the muscles in my body release in a wonderful spasm of ecstasy . By the time i eventually got to a bathroom, it had crusted most of my ass hairs together .
http://://://i.w.q.com/axwqjrt.jpg . http://.c.uk/i.org.uk.uk for more information on the story behind the book . The book is out now on sale for $20,000 .
i set up my mom on dropbox so that she could have access to her photos across all her devices . Over the course of about four months her photos have slowly been backing up on my dropbox without me knowing . At the same time, my photos have also been backed up to dropbox, including some inappropriate photos .
The razor was a razor that had a handle so, hey, it worked! After successfully applying ~~lube~~ shampoo, i grabbed it, and, quite frankly, wanted to see how far it could go . When i looked at it, it wasn't bleeding, i saw what happened . Blood started bleeding and stuck to everything it touched .
after seeing the caption and realizing i liked it for the wrong reason, i decided to check who else liked it.  i was the only guy.  so i unliked it but realized the damage was done so said fuck it and liked it again . After reading the caption, i noticed i liked the caption   so decided to unlike it again so said yes again .
i work for a municipality..someeeeewhere out there........and have to drive to sites basically back and forth all day . About 30 minutes later cops show up and arrest me. They came for me because they ran the license plate and got the gps from my boss .
The recipe calls for liquid coffee and i don't how to make that . Ground coffee will work just as good as ice mochas . So i decide it'll work with [this] but i'm not sure if that can grind ice . It turned out to be 'okay,' it turned out .
A rather idiotic guy friend of my new boyfriend, spilled the \"secret\" to my friend . She hates me, thinks i did it on purpose, cussed me out over facebook, and left the rather oversensitive me sobbing, and messaging her frantically, trying to get her to calm down .
A week and a half after surgery, my girlfriend had some time before she left for some rush stuff, and so she came over . One thing led to another and we started fooling around . i started bleeding all over my bed, and i've been in pain since .
A few of my friends decided to go to another frat house and have a beer or 10 and party . As the night progresses and so does our lack of sobriety, we decide to leave and head back to our own house . When we come out of the house we see a girl laying in the grass, knocked out and with her nose bleeding . A guy runs over and gets on top of her, yelling at her and shaking her .
After i was finished i asked for a towel,cleaned myself, put the towel back . Her dad went into her room to get a towel because he was taking a shower, and my cum towel, all over him . i get a text from my girlfriend at around 11am saying she couldnt stop laughing .
my so and her family are on vacation and i was there when i started feeling some serious stomach cramps . After much wiping, i got up to flush, nothing happened . Apparently they had shut their water/plumbing off. However, they come home in two hours .
There's not a damn thing i can do about it until the canada revenue agency sends me an official letter that there is a portion missing . Even though i know what's wrong, it doesn't matter; there's nowhere and no one to send it to until **they** have communicated with **me******
Nsfw one in imgoingtohellforthis is why not i click on it and its a picture of a girl in the snow naked and something 4chan rape or something, so i forget to close the tab and my gf comes in and said i've been looking at porn and now is angry and sad at me for looking at the girl......
After 20 years of not smoking, i had one of the most horrendous weeks imaginable . So upon arriving at the poker tournament fr friday night, a friend was out back toking away . Two puffs later and i'm feeling pleasant and the edge has been taken off . i'll never smoke weed with <name deleted> again!
i sold my old phone to my friend (samsung galaxy) and did a factory reset, i assumed that deleted everything . Today he texted me that hes watching the vids of my girlfriend blowing me. Today he sent me that he watched the videos of his girlfriend blowing her .
His father walked in while i flashed my breasts . His father saw the whole thing and looked away, told something to my boyfriend and walked away . After that, my boyfriend literally cracks up (still now, believe it or not). It's soooo embarrassing but now i am starting to think it's funny .
i get a call at 2 am from an 808 area code, which i don't recognize so i let it go to voicemail . There were 3 messages: 1 from my grandma who lives in hawaii (area code 808) 1 from an hr person at my city hall where i had applied for a job which was in my field .
lost $50.50. thought it would be fun to bet a little money online on sports and blackjack . Feel really disappointed in myself. feel really disappointed by myself.\u2019t\u2019s supposed to be saving money for college.com/blackjack.com .
When it get's hot, my stomach acts up and gives me the johnny jogger's . When it gets's hot i felt the pressure of my stomach gurgling and the pressure increased . As soon as my pants came down the molten hot lava erupted from my anus with the loudest most obnoxious sounds following with it .
i just popped two stitches, on my penis, opening a fresh crater about the size of a hole punch in a piece of paper on his penis because i couldn't get his mind off sex . The cyst was removed by a dermatologist at his own request and gives me two stitches to make sure it heals up all nice and pretty .
i work on the 23rd floor of an office building as an intern for the summer . The door to get out of the stairwell onto the next floor is locked . The only option was to shuffle down 23 flights of stairs to the lobby, and ride the elevator back to my floor .
i felt the instant urge to shit huge amounts . The need grew more and more urgent as i walked . i begged the concierge to tell me where the bathroom was, and \"men's bathroom is close for cleaning\" so i went in the woman's bathroom . i heard, from my mother telling two women that i was in there .
our parents are out of town, and i had to get duct tape and a big piece of cardboard to cover our ruined window . In the hour i was gone, my brother had somehow shot the tv and busted the window . The stupidest thing is he insists 'he checked the gun and it wasn't loaded'
Medical marijuana helped a 6 year old with epilepsy with positive results . One of his friends had recently been expelled for selling weed at school . His sound doesn't mute for at least 10 seconds. by this stage everyone is looking at me. The teacher and i start a conversation, today it was on how medical marijuana had helped .
i decided to stop by bk on the way home and get him some french fries . i thought i was being clever by sticking them in the air vent with the a/c on low to cool them off . It worked like a charm! he stopped fussing and had a rare treat as an afternoon snack .
i just got off work and i was leaving the shop to walk to the bus station . As soon as i start i see the bus coming up the hill i started running/skipping/walking to try to catch up to it . Just when i thought it couldn't get any worse i turn around and see a google maps car .
i was talking to an internet friend and said something extremely negative that really freaked him out . By the time i came back from my shower my real friend was already halfway to my house... i couldn't convince him i was okay, but he drove to my home and we had a long conversation .
my dad is going to murder me. i made the same mistake twice . College starts next month so if i fail again, god have mercy. i seriously deserve it, i seriously deserves it, writes a blog post about how my brain is screwed up . College begins next month and if i fails again, please have mercy .
i refill my lighter every few days with zippo brand fluid, and had finished the container 4 days before . The smell was pungent, and stung the nostrils . i decided to go to the market, as there is a stall that sells lighters, rolling papers, blunt wraps, pipes, pipes etc. i saw, on the shelf, a bottle of lighter fluid .
i work for a major fortune 500 company although i am an extremely low level employee . Despite this, my boss invited me to represent our location at a global conference . The conference was at 6:00am for my time zone and i woke up by sleeping through my alarm .
An old jar of peanut butter was found at the back of the cupboard . The jar of the jar was used in about 9 months . It tasted like it had been used for about 10 seconds . It was not the first time i realised that this particular brand of mustard was actually a bit hot .
at my office we just installed an editing station with final cut pro 7 studio . i hooked up all the gear, got everything fung shui, then started installing the 8 cds of fcp onto the mac . As i move to connect the cords to the second monitor, i shut my laptop to get the screen out of the way .
My dad recently went under a operation that went badly with his teeth . Currently he is missing is top row teeth . My dumbass self had to make the great comeback of \"well at least i will have my teeth\". Thankfully i got off with a week of no car and no personal freedom .
The first day of school last year i hadn't slept at all, had tripped multiple times in front of cute girls, kept saying *incredibly* stupid things in class because i was sleep deprived and over caffeinated...it was just a mess . The professor is trying to get this website to work, which the professor keeps doing with multiple browsers, and of course the site is down so we get no response .
Today, i ate about half a bag of spicy nacho doritos and about 10 hot wings leftover from lunch . The fart comes on and i roll the windows down in preparation for my interview . i feel the molten lava seep between my lower cheeks . i stop by a grocery store that was on the way and sprint into the restroom .
This is the same body wash i use at my so's house . Two weeks before the actual story i got sick with stomach cramps . My teenage son found her curled up in the fetal position on the bathroom floor . After sex i usually get a shower and use the body wash brings back wonderful sexy memories .
i am allergic to cashews, people brought in a box of chocolates, some chips, a bag of chocolate covered graham crackers, and a bowl of cashews and raisins . The cabinet at work has a cabinet for the purpose of communal food . i'm not sure how long i will last during the 40 minutes it will take to get home .
The boyfriend and his family had a full on four-course dinner . Half way through soup i realize i have to take a piss . The toilet lid was down and i accidentally knocked some hand towels on top of the toilet lid . He helped me clean it up before anyone else see's what happened .
i take chinese class online in school, so we don't have a teacher in the room, just someone supervising us . As usual i was on tifu, reading \"tifu by not letting the dog out\" as i was reading, my teacher said \"that is a very inappropriate site you are on, leave it now\"
i strain and let out a sound of effort to reach the customer's hand, and immediately following that sound was an unexpected, wet belch . i go back in the window and wait awkwardly for her food to be ready, avoiding eye contact with her and listening to my coworkers killing themselves with laughter .
The manager asked me to sub for one of my coworkers on... you guessed it,today!! and drunk me thought \"hey i need the money, go for it\" But when i woke up this morning it took every ounce of determination in my body not to puke .
She knows i had a bad relationship more than 10 years ago that really soured me to relationships for several years . i tried to explain to her that my love for my first girlfriend was crazy and emotional . She has been repeating this over and over again all weekend, and now says that if i want to see someone else, it is fine with her, because i don't love her anyway .
Last night i had 20+ beers and threw up in the hallway . Some one spilled soda all over the carpet and the house is a giant mess . In my drunken daze i opened my sock drawer, pissed, then closed it. im assuming idk, im assuming .
i am 15 and take mandarin chinese . This past weekend was my first weekend at a house in beijing . The first solid log came out, about the size of an already respectable turd . Next came the runs with chunks, then the slippery snake, and finally the painful blobby bits .
i decided to go to the gym around 10, scan my key fob to let me in . The gym was going well, but i'm getting some good reps in without having to wait for the new-years-resoultioners to finish their sets . When i heard the *click* of the door, i realized that my hoodie's front pocket felt a little light... there were no keys in them .
While my brother is in town from graduate school, his dog (modello) has been staying at my house until he finally moves for his new job . Modello is the same way for the most part, but he has a problem of getting into the garbage when people are gone . When i come home and notice he rummaged through my bin, i flip shit, and he cowers because he knows he's done something wrong .
i wasn't supposed to have the girl over, and one thing lead to another . Now i'm waiting for dad to come in and rip me a new one . Self-explanatory. Self-Explanation is self-exemplatory. i'm still waiting for my dad to rip me out of this one .
i was texting a girl i've known for a few years when suddenly i she says she feels really shitty because someone called her a slut . i immediately went on a rant about how that made want to mafia style the guy . However, as my luck would have it, i misread \"dad\" as \"dude\" with a missing 'e\"
A friend dared me to try and eat one of these things in one bite . As the hot dog went in and the sausage touched the rear of throat, i felt a slight gagging sensation start to build up . When i spit it out, **everyone** turned around and saw they were still looking when i reate the sloppy remains .
i was going to the best university for engineering, had a nice job in one of its departments . In an impulsive response mixed with insecurity, insecurity, and low self-esteem, i decided to withdraw from my college and go with them . Now, my hard work dating since highschool was thrown out of the window .
i took a shower after work, so that i would not be sweaty for a meeting . i was forced to ride full speed to my meeting cause i was running late (due to shower) i'm now sitting covered in sweat. i'm smart.i'm smarti'm not smart.
i'm in the unfortunate position of having my ground floor bedroom directly on to the street . Even with venetian blinds, anyone walking past can glance into my bedroom . It was at this point when i noticed someone walk past and realised that it will have looked like i was watching some strange, somewhat paedophilic, pornography .
i was getting ready for my first day of pharmacy school and needed to make breakfast . So i made my egg white cheese omelette in it even though i was thinking while making it that it was a bad idea . It's been 7 hours and i just had a very watery bm and am pretty sure i'm screwed .
A lot of shit happened in my life, most of it honestly not my fault, some of it, completely my fault . My mom has helped me with one and off every two months or so since she knows i'm struggling with money . A 2 months ago she told me all i have to do is pay july and august-october will be covered . But i didn't check my account to make sure august was paid, now i have an extremely late payment and my agent had the wrong email address all along .
An old lady looks like she is going to pray for you . She says sorry, but instead, looks where i was looking...turns slowly back at me...and says, \"sinner...i'm going to be praying for you.\" Life isn't fair.
After a night of partying we were all really (very) drunk, and were all making our way towards bed . As drunk as drunk as i was i figured it was no big deal and i would just pass out in my bed (only like 5 feet away) and let them do their thing . Out of nowhere she starts making out with me .
i was running to the gym like i usually do, and on the way i had my nike+ app turned on and my headphones in and i was jamming . As life would have it, a group of people were walking around that other path, and as i reached the intersection i see them laughing their asses off .
This happened 2 years ago during summer but i didn't know about reddit yet . After shaving, i had a great idea, 'if i use my thumb i can clean it faster' i rubbed my thumb on blades and it took me half a second to realize my thumb was really warm and when i looked down there was blood .
of course this would happen to me. of course . of course he didn't warn me that the toilet was clogged before i went in there . Of course i am probably the one who clogged it with tampons . Of the way roto rooter is on the way .
Having been a little bloated for the past few days, i decided to mix up a few teaspoons of castor oil in black coffee . The first mistake was drinking the mixture on an empty stomach . By the time i'd dashed to the floor, it was already too late, and it was too late to find out .
After a few drinks, i decided to throw up with a redhead, i threw up to the crowd . After some of the parties, i started throwing up, but i didn't know what happened to the girl, i'm not sure if i will be able to face it again .
A weta (a weta) about 5-6 cm long, stared back up at me from the folds of my towel . i\u2019m not too much the squeamish type though, so i acted quickly and sent my small friend flying out the window .
i thought it was an incredibly convenient place to park, because there were no parking meters and no \"no parking\" signs whatsoever . The next morning i get a call from my mom at 7am telling me to call this agent from the fbi . Since i parked at night, i assumed it was safe to park there, they assumed there was a bomb in my car . The abq police however, were incredibly pissed off i wasn't arrested .
The whole bunk had this awful diarrhea bug going around and everyone was shitting, all the time . Without looking i turn around and jump off my bunk bed will having my back face the chair . The second i feel something poke me about 3 inches up into my ass . Then when i finally stop running one of my counselors say, \"dude, i think you farted\",
As soon as i let loose, everything came down splat into the toilet . i started to wipe my ass with a ton of tissue because it was all over my ass . Then i felt more coming out so i just kept shitting on top of that tissue . Woke up my girlfriend (who was taking a nap) to help me clean that shit .
Two of my favourite bands, of mice & men and bring me the horizon (if you know who they are, love me or hate me) were coming to play a show . We got there as the doors were opening because i had to wait for my friends, so i was waiting in a 300m long line and missed the opener crossfaith (crazy japanese dudes) who i also really wanted to see .
God, i'm lonely. god, i.m. god . god, I'm lonely, i've got a lot of love for me . God, he says, \"i'm lonely\" and \"lone\" i'm not lonely\" iReport.com/liked .
My girlfriend blames her for everything, even though i explained that jane asked me if my girl friend would be okay with it, and my alcohol-dulled, sexually aroused man logic figured it wasn't that big of a deal . After everything went down last night, jill told me she had planned to make out with jane in the hot tub that night and possibly some of the other women .
The whole school heard me loud and clear: \"i could really use a butt-plug right about now\" The feeling i felt in my gut as i heard my voice echo throughout the halls of the school, i will never forget. and neither will the principal, i won't be \"broadcasting\" anymore so no worries .
i spent the night at my friend's house last night, playing video games and watching movies . The next morning, he got a delivery and i decided to pants him in front of the mail carrier . His parents were watching some sitcom and his parents watched some sitcom . Now his parents have to give her a special talk .
My car is a 1978 mercedes benz 240d - paid $600.00 cash for it since the engine and trans was in perfect shape . The doors popped eventually with the use of a heat gun . i am in the middle of restoring the car and living with my mom .
Soaked a gooey shit mixture came out in Miami on a double-decker bus tour . Felt like a green-colored boxers stained with a gross shade of green . Ended up waiting for an hour and then throwing away my boxers . My parents haven't found out yet .
i fractured both bones in both wrists, may need surgery, and we got to spend our 4th date in the er . On top of all that, my college swim season starts in 2 weeks. on top of the list, i got into trouble with my wrists .
An incest site has requested a formal dsmc request via lawyer before acquiescing to take down the video . The site's admin says it's spread like a cancer and i don't think i can put it back in the box . \"No point in trying to get rid of it, no point in staying fucked up about it\"
The 18-year-old boy's dog is essentially my dog . He likes to sleep above my head on my pillow above my pillow . Being the fool i am i just think \"whatever, he eats dog shit, what harm will a taco cause?\" how wrong i was .
went on r/nsfw at work and guess what happens twenty minutes later... all of reddit got blocked . i work a retail job that is going out of business, so its not like i really had anything better to do, i cringe at what next week will be like .
i was doing a bit of coding while my girlfriend was playing a game . Suddenly, archer says to krieger \"aaaaand that erection is really inappropriate\", right as my girlfriend reaches down there . We decide that archer has spoken, and go back to what we were doing .
i was watching television and saw this victorious commercial and my willy wanted to get a little silly so i got up and went to my room to do the deed . While in whacking it my sister barges in and asks if i took one of her shirts . She sees everything and runs .
His youngest son is a legendary pants pooper in his family . He's on a roll to set the record for the most ruined pairs of underwear in a single childhood . He'll pinch a loaf off in his pants at the absolute worst moment, and today was no exception . He was stuck in a hornet's nest of traffic at a burger king .
A woman who was clearly of hispanic descent is corralling her young son of about 5 or 6 out . i've never been eye raped so intensely by a mother while she is shepherding her son out . By the time i got there the car i thought she was in was nowhere in site .
i thought \"well i must have left it at home, no biggie\" so i decide to go to the bank tomorrow and get a new one made . i feel like if i gave blood there would be an epidemic of people going retarded at random . The id is missing too .
i had a trusted friend with her while she took the tests because i was worried she'd lie about it . Everything's fine now and she's currently out of state . i'm so incredibly thankful that she wasn't pregnant and also thankful for all you guys commenting . The sex we had was protected by the way .
A year ago, my best friend got me a small cast iron pan as a gift . It's my first and only and i've made sure to season and treat it with the tastiest greases and flavors . A few nights ago, i took things to the next level by sticking my cast iron on another rack in the oven . The pan looked newer than when it was purchased, even the factory season had been washed off .
i woke up this morning without any blankets on and the sheet torn off my bed . i noticed my left, big toe was in a lot of pain and bruised, and i struggled walking . The worst part is now i'm walking around campus and literally everyone is asking me what happened .
i have now had acute pain in my right bollock for 24 hours and i am pretty sure it has swollen slightly... i'm pretty sure i am sure it's swollen slightly . When i had a friend round, she decided to spank my balls... a little too hard .
Land Surveyor didn't tell contractor the building was in the wrong spot . Land surveyor says there was a miscommunication and i didn't know the contractor was the wrong place . The contractor spent two days digging and putting in footings and now it is in the correct place, so they have to start over .
i knew this and i avoided it for years, but today i watched two episodes . It was cancelled after 18 episodes and it's very very good . Now i have yet another tv show that i will mourn after. It's very good, but i'll mourn after .
i was in charge of creating their user accounts for our platform and then manually send the login details to each user . Two hours later i realised i sent some users the wrong information. hurriedly tried to fix the problem with only my phone at hand . The company's first client was working with their first client .
i was carpooling somewhere and i distracted the driver, almost causing a head on collision . The strangest part is, we were all up in the other cars lane and they never honked or swerved . i don't think they noticed they didn't notice .
i left my front door open for 5 minutes that it took for me to get to my car and back . Between that time i had a few things stolen from my apartment, a nintendo ds with Pokemon ruby, and a new copy of madden 25 . i thought i could trust the small town that i live but now i know i cant .
i was going to the washroom and i slipped right at the doorway . There was blood just *pouring* from my lip . By now i've drunk a ton of blood that it makes me puke- twice, on the floor, not in the toilet . The scar makes it look like i have herpes, which my friends constantly laugh at me for lovely .
My brother makes guacamole every once in a while. generally, it's very well regarded, though our mom doesn't like how spicy it is . i sat down with my bowl and some chips, and plunged into the abyss unarmed . The first bite didn't feel like food, my mouth felt like dresden .
This happened a week ago, but, i feel this subreddit should hear my story . It was 3 am, just 3am, when i got in bed, and then turned off the lamp on my nightstand, then i started fapping away after a few minutes . The doctor then pulls it out, almost violently with 2 pairs of surgical tweezers . It took probably 5 mins to pull it out .
A 17-year-old boy and his girlfriend were both some of the most trusted and well-respected students in their high school . When they were both in heat, they decided to ask a neighboring teacher for her keys under the pretense of returning a book we forgot about . In his gf's parent meeting she divulged what we had done, with expulsion, even arrest .
Cat, blizzard, has been sick for the past few months . She has gotten hooked on wet food, which of course has a terrible smell . Yesterday she ate a full can and was hungry two hours later . i gave her half of a full-sized can of her favorite flavor and went to bed .
The other girl from the other team ran into me when i was about to kick the ball hard and thrust into my leg . My foot went right in her groin, and started to swear at me\u2026 in japanese. She didn't even pronounce it right! The kicked weeaboo girl got a penalty because they didn't believe it was an accident .
The wine glass shattered on the dresser where i had apparently left the night before . The mini bar has one empty spot and it won't stop mocking me every time i walk in and glance at it . Now the mini bar is mocking the empty spot in the bar .
A major online trade company tried to sell 10,000 shares of stock . The stock ended up going higher after i sold it so according to them i've lost $3,500 . The company, sat on hold for 45 minutes and all they can say \"oh, wow, we have to look into this. we will call back soon\"
The Reddit user asked for advice on reddit.com: What are your options? What are you trying to find out what's going to do with your new relationship? Submit Submit Submit to the weekly Newsquiz on CNN.com/Heroes on CNN iReport .
i visited my cousin's husband's childhood home where his elderly mother still lives . While sitting in the kitchen, i was looking at all the decor and saw an old-looking portrait photograph on top of a shelf . He said, \"no, that's a picture of my mother.\"
i set up a station with a towel, washcloth, bottle of water, bar of soap, light, camera, and 3 socks . At first, undigested spinachy shit started pouring out, with an incredibly loose and foul-smelling texture and smell . i couldn't bring myself to do anything but just immediately clean up .
i just got my first real boyfriend a little over a week ago . My boyfriend came up with the idea to invite me to a birthday party at his friends' house . After about 4am everyone else had left (including the guy whose dad took us to the party) i fell asleep topless and woke up to put my bra and shirt back on topless . After 16 years of no strangers seeing them, two of my boyfriend's friends and the host's mom probably saw my boobs .
i took her out to a museum and picnic with some wraps, fruit salad, red velvet cupcakes, and some fancy berry lemondade (went a little fancy) i asked in a very awkward way if i could kiss her . She replied: \"eah that made things a little awkward when you asked for a kiss, especially since we met each other\"
Tomorrow is senior portrait day and today my parents forced me to get my hair cut . Since i didn't have time to go to the barbers my dad cut it (as he has for most of my life) although i asked for it to be trimmed he kept cutting . Now i look like a fifth grade white nerdy kid .
i suck and this is why i shouldn't talk to people or extend my neck . Now i have to cancel. i suck. now i can't cancel. Now i suck, i suck,\" he says. \"i suck,\" says i suck . i suck ... this is the reason i should not be talking to people\"
There were no moorings available, so we had to drop anchor behind all of the moored boats for courtesy . The boat didn't seem to be moving so we assumed everything was fine . After running to the pier, my father was screaming at the kid on the launch boat, he took us back and docked it instead .
my personal car is a pontiac sunfire with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting subframe.. i win. with ball-tire tires and no brakes . i win . My personal car, with balli sunfire and ball-shaped sunfire .
My girlfriend was talking to me about how she sometimes doesn't feel attractive in a swim suit . At some point she asks something like \"how would you rate me, from 1-10?\" \"oh i don't know... i guess average, but you have an amazing personality and i love you mostly because of that.\"
So me and my girlfriend were getting into it and well, she wasn't exactly as wet as needed . We proceed to do the hokey pokey and i feel a pop . i tell her to get off and i'm bleeding a lot. i start to freak out and realize what happened .
i was using a lamp to read with, so it had got really hot . Then i sneezed, i thought nothing of it but then i hear a loud \"pop\" my lightbulb exploded and hot glass flew everywhere . Being startled i rolled off my bed in to the glass .
Every night i take gentle laxatives, but two nights ago i may have forgotten to take it . Two hours later i feel a second assault and felt a different beastie, it all came out in one foul swoop . This shart felt like someone shot a dragonsbreath shotgun round out of my colon .
i am in a committed relationship, and have a child, she is our babysitter . Best friend dates a girl, they break up, and me and both them maintain our friendships . After telling her about it, she feels the same way, and she has no problem with it .
Corkboard is a corkboard that is used to attach various things to . But at some point something had got stapled in that wasn't relevant anymore so i decided to get the staple remover to take the staples out . The board pulled out of the wall causing me to hit the fridge with it .
A bird actually shit on my laptop when i sat on my balcony when i went to work . The first small piece of poop got out of there there was no way to keep the rest back either . i ran like one kilometer and then my stomach told me:: \"but wait! there's more! There's more!\"!\"
reddit, i come to you today to (gingerly) recount the events that made me realize i am one dumb motherfucker . After working all day, i decided to meet my friends at a local restaurant for a burger . At one point i'm standing up on the swing, and decide it's a good idea to climb the rope . Instead of slowly working down, i decide to hand-over-hand my way down .
i trucked up by being jealous 1st then i got nosy and had to say bs which apparently \"wasn't true\" and was \"bs\" \"chick chick boom splat thud,\" says \"chockockock\" i was curious and being a nosy dick .
i'm some pansy-ass clumsy-ass man, so somehow i tripped and scraping up my knee . \"urghoosyeh\" \"ow wowawawawwee woah\" the pain won't stop. So i start thrusting my leg up and down trying to splash water around on the knee .
i have a major crush on kim, and her boyfriend hasn't been treating her right the past couple days . i've been trying to break the two of them up so i can get in her pants . The back of her shorts were badly stained and diarrhea was running down both of her legs . She then stars into her eyes and gives me the angriest, most intimidating glare .
The practical exam is worth 12% of my final mark for the subject . The examiner was nice and still let me sit the test with full amount of time . Luckily, the examiner let her sit the exam with full time, it was only 12 short questions . The exam was scheduled at 12:15 pm and that it was meant to end at 45 .
i was on my school trip to dc, it was my first time going there so i was pumped. We went to see all of the main touristy attractions (this is day one) Then we go on this big yacht . At the start of the ride i couldn't see at all for the rest of the time .
Naked me fell while getting out of the tanning bed, put her clothes on inside out, forgot her shoes, and on her way out, said to the front desk lady \"everybody i know is dead\" in a slow and trembling voice . After the 10 most terrifying minutes of my life, naked me fell .
i accidentally broke my glasses a few weeks ago, and had been using tape to keep them together until the new frames came . After failing multiple attempts at fixing them, i found myself glued to my glasses, i had to rip them off my fingers . Now i can't see for shit, and will probably have to pay for them because i don't have any of the parts to them all .
natalie the cat is a 14-year old domestic short haired calico whose human literary manifestation would be a bronte heroine . Suddenly we're both gagging at me...and me at her gagging in unison . She watches me from the doorway with that plaintive \"do you still love me\" gaze .
A few of you asked for an update after platonic dinner . They had dinner without me . The original [original] was a platonic friend who had sex with my best friend . The post was originally posted on Reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1tfzoi/tifu_by_having_sex_with_my_best_platonic_friend/friend .
Liquid shit making a great streak on my favorite pair of underwear, and it soaked through to my pants . Luckily, i'm wearing jeans and it's not obvious, but if anyone looks closely enough, they'll see a dark spot . i'm currently sitting on the toilet trying to figure out what to do .
i received only a 550 on the sat math section (a score that is thirty points lower than the average for all of my previous sat i math practice tests) and only a 730 on both the critical reading and writing sections . An idiot could easily have obtained these scores with no effort whatsoever .
i've been using it a lot lately and forgot that he was signed in . My husband has his fb account linked on our tablet . i feel like i deserve it for snooping . My heart hurts so bad right now. i just needed to get it out.
This actually happened a week ago but still i screwed up . She cut in half my beloved battlefield 4, a freshly opened grand theft auto 5 and smashed my limited edition gold c-3po controller . She was halfway through the 3rd season of breaking bad and was planning on staying up all weekend with her friends and finishing as much as she could .
i'm at my grandpa's house and i haven't masturbated in like 10 hours . So when i'm doing the deed my dick starts to feel minty and i see some of the conditioner slip into the cum canal... i thought nothing of this and when i tried to pee afterwards i felt the force of and entire spice cabinet exploding in my urethra .
There was a tickle in the back of my throat and i cough and spit food including spicy mustard on my coworker . Now i feel stupid and he is covered in msg ridden treats. Now i feels stupid and i feel guilty and he's covered inmsg ridden treats .
i was watching community to start my slow saturday at work . i didn't get a chance to turn off the computer - it went black and unresponsive within 10 seconds . The cafe mocha tipped tipped cafe.com tipped.com.com went black, unresponsive in 10 seconds.
Shocked shower handle and below it are almost completely covered in liquid molten shit . Fart-poop engulfs my shower handle in a thick coating of liquid molten shampoos . The smell lingers by using a few different kinds of soaps and shampoo, but alas, the smell lingered .
long story short i got mad at my daughter for letting a craiglist scammer..scam her . In reality i was pissed at the scammer not my daughter but unfortunately she got the brunt of it . Unfortunately she (my daughter ) got the full brunt of her scammer .
Soaked up with 42 minutes to shit, shower, shave, get caffeinated, ride the mile to 7-11 for smokes and then 2 miles the opposite direction to work . After a hellish ride in, it's time to cure the hangover with a donut with custard filling .
A couple hours ago we head over to her house and we watch tv and hand up the shirt . While we are messing around she was texting another guy(she has had sexual relations with this guy before) i suspect that she is messing around with other guys . When i got home i started taking some vyvanse out of rage and started busting out homework and writing this long ass post .
i wanted to see if i could clear the height of my counter in my house with a jump and ended up cracking my back midair . At least i managed to walk it off like i was fine with the people that were witness to my spectacular feat. at least .
So i bought a really cool toy from amazon.com/butterfly-trainer-black-powder-coated . After work, no problem, messed with it on break, in the crew room as to not scare people and make them think it was a real knife . A cop drives by slowly, cuts me off and gets out of his car . He tells him that it is illegal because the blade is more than 3 inches .
This is more of a collection of small fuckups that add up to the title that is the title . After driving about half way there, i realize my phone is on 12% battery . If i waited 15 minutes, maybe if i pooped or something, my phone would have had enough charge to make it there .
i have to be up early tomorrow for some volunteering shit with my girlfriend . i had intended to take an adderall tomorrow morning because i have also haveresearch to do afterwards . About 15 minutes later, i realize my mistake. Now i am staying home and praying that i can get a minute of sleep .
i recently purchased a used $100.0 16 foot trampoline off of craigs list with my best friend . The pain i next endured was the most excruciating experience since i ran full force into a cactus. god it still hurts....:(:(:():):
i was so nervous and excited i didn't check the whole name . My grandpa shares a cell with my step grandma and they almost never check it but i can't just run over there and erase it . help. help. what should i do? What do you need to do?
i like to think of myself as a normal, functioning, relatively classy lady...or maybe not. who knows not who knows. This is the first time in my life that i have sharted. It was horrifiying. Luckily luckily i had extra panties . Before this morning i hadn't touched meat since i was twelve .
My best friend likes my 2nd cousin but she just isn't warming up to him so i meet up with her in person . We sat down on the edge of a grave because there's nowhere else to sit . The flag cracked down the middle and breaks in two . We both proceeded to run out of there .
A week ago, i used my new electric shaver to shorten my hair . My uncle saw that i can do it pretty well, and wanted me to shorten his hair as well . But i accidentally forgot to change the length on the shaver, and i ended up giving him a number 1 haircut (a 0 will make you bald)
i'm sick, and gagging up phlegm all day into this empty can next to me . i get thirsty after waking up, and take a nice big swig. I'm sick. So i'm so sick, i'm gagging . The can is empty, and i take a swig of water .
A group of teenage boys sat in front of a small group of teenagers because i could hear them talking and laughing during the previews . The boys leaned down right next to my ear to retort, \"is this a theater--\" before i reacted by smacking him in the forehead .
When you don't wear a rubber glove that smell will stick in your hand pretty badly . Hand sanitizer / heavy washing with strong soap just won't do. trust me, i've been trying for some 5 or 6 hours now. It turns out that when .
i've worked like an absolute dog for the past month and a half, i've had a solid 8 hours of free time this summer . Two of the courses however have assignments, including their finals, listed as being due on the seventh week . All assignments will be due by midnight .
i happen to like jerking off with something vaguely phallus-shaped in my anus . Due to the complexities of buying an actual dildo or butt plug and lube, i improvise with a toothbrush on-the-go case and lotion . For the first second or so, everything is great, but then realized the bottle of shampoo was greek fire .
i get a really bad stomach ache, so i usually don't drink coffee . But today my brilliant self decided to make a really strong cup right before bed . So not only am i too hyper to sleep, but i also am sitting on the bathroom floor, in front of the toilet, about to puke .
The area manager is currently awaiting an investigation by the area manager . He grabbed the bananas and said, \"you fucking idiot! bananas bruise, you piece of shit!\" He snatched a banana back and proceeded to hit him around the face with it while saying, 'you're right! they do .
i'm on my feet most of the day with few bathroom breaks. oh the pain. title should be self explanatory. Oh the pain.\" i'm currently on the feet of my feet with few breaks. The pain. Oh. What is the pain? Share your thoughts on CNN iReport.com .
\"i was a few minutes late and missed the sign in sheet,\" he says . The signature of my undergraduate email account is \"daddy,\" the signature of said account is 'daddy' The email i sent said: \"i am in class today, but i'm in class. just wanted to let you know just wanted you know\"
Last night around 2am my boyfriend had to pee real bad and was too lazy to piss in his bathroom 5 feet away . He unscrews a half done poland spring and refills the bottle, screwing the cap on, and placing it next to the other water bottle on his night stand . Immediately i gag, spit said contents back in the water bottle, turn the lights on and see pills floating on top of piss .
i'm a senior in high school, taking an ap english class . The teacher asked me to describe the whole thomas a becket/ king henry situation . She yelled \"what did you just say?!?\" her face is bright red, and i'm confused as hell . Apparently butt buddies is a literal term for gay lovers .
Shane's laptop broke and my sister had been away so i decided to use hers for the time being . She was away with her friend and they would be returning the following day . The friend is a very nice girl but unfortunately looks and dresses quite old for her age . i always crack jokes about it to my sister and she gets pissed off, of course never when the friend was around .
i registered for an account on a dating site today . She messaged about 10 girls over a span of six hours asking about their hobbies/sparetime activities . On her profile she had written \"i think if you are going to compliment someone, you should come up with something better than 'cute'
i woke up late, spent too much time at a tent sale and had to get in to study for the mcat . i'm here for the sriracha glaze, basically, simmer a bunch of sauces with some blackcurrant jam and mirin (sweet rice wine condiment) i began to eat way too fast, but i am on a schedule people, speed is the name of the game .
This is an interview for my dream job, the one place i've always wanted to work . They also offered me a small cup of water . The cup was one of those paper ones you usually get at the dentist to rinse out . After i left i saw one of the interviewers going in with paper towels .
After browsing, i decide to go for a wank . Cleaning people come every other week and clean surfaces, dust, etc. most of the time . i knew full well i had cleaning people over, but i just wanted to have the sound on anyway . The sound was turned on anyway, and i was laughing at the sorry fucks who aren't me .
My boss and i get a long like two peas in a pod . They often exchange insults, using the parlance of our times - retard, moron, fucker - whathaveyouyou . When he hired me, he briefly mentioned that he had a high functioning child who has down syndrome - something i wish to god .
After the cashier scanned the phone, i didn't turn the screen off because i forgot . The pictures were taken of my dad and his girlfriend, from his pov, many shots of which include her face . The rest of the day was awkward, my dad's girlfriend didn't even look at me except to glare at me .
i woke up a little earlier than usual, i decided to get an early start to my morning . So i decided am going to use the shop vac over the carpet in the spare bedroom/home gym/dressing room/animal housing room . One blown fuse later, here i sit...half nekked and back on reddit...why can't i quit you!
The image of the image taken at the start of the year . The image was released by the end of the day . It's not the first time the image has been released from the internet . It will be released on September 7, 2015 . The creator of the first game of the game has been published in the US .
The toilet went hinky, and dad spent the day trying to replace it, sweating and cursing . The new toilet wasn't fully ready, so i shit in the old toilet . The old toilet was sitting off to the side of the old one, sitting off the side . It never even occurred to me think about how toilets worked .
After a long time of searching for gushers i had no luck so i decided to ask an employee . As i open my mouth, all of the soda comes spilling out on my shirt and her shoes as well as my shirt . After all of that, i asked her were they were at at least one a.m. it was one in the fucking morning .
i just completed my ba but in order to teach a masters could help out in my region . Starting salary is $30,000-40, after $20,000 more in schooling . Now i'm thinking of returning, spending more money ($12,000) for a lesser degree (rn) but one that could pay more than teaching .
A classmate who was also in competitive sports and games told him how seriously i injured the girl . She suffered a concussion and couldn't even return to class for a week . The first day back she is allowed to return to physical activity, she is sidelined for weeks after being hit in the head with a ball .
After work, a few coworkers and i decided to go to buffalo wild wings . On a stroke of genius i decided i was going to get the blazing sauce for my wings (the hottest they have) it was like 1000 shots of satan's cum . With every bite i couldn't breath and had to suck down a whole cup of water before i could continue .
The fried fish wasn't that great, but it filled my stomach so i couldn't complain that much . As i rolled my fat ass out of his shitty camero and into my driveway i knew three things: i was about to start vomiting, shitting and they were going to happen simultaneously .
One of his colleagues sends a text to our little team saying he isn't going to be in because he is sick from some dodgy take-away the previous night . Not realising that i had texted back the entire group, including our boss . There was some serious backpedalling on my part after that!
i just burst out saying, \"maybe if you masterbait and jizz a lot you'll loose weight\" Then all of my friends look at me laughing and i see our math teacher looking right down on me . \"mrs. smith knows everything, my child\" while looking right at me .
i bought the off brand off brand ear drops because it was $5 dollars cheaper . Two days later my ear gets infected and the ear canal swells up . Now i'm legally deaf because i can't hear shit out of either of my ears due to these god damned ear drops .
i was headed to the bathroom at work when i stepped on a piece of trash that caused me to roll my ankle outward and start to fall forward . In my scramble to catch my balance and not eat shit in front of my coworkers i must have relaxed my sphincter because i let out the loudest public fart of my life .
chiweenie must have snuck out behind me while i was rummaging through the car . He came hobbling back, leaning on one side and keeled over onto the grass, which is usually how he \"submits\" after you play with him and wants his belly rubbed . A bystander was calling the police because a van collided with donny and then drove off .
i was in full view of five or six other students and at least two were very close . My phone froze for a good thirty seconds trying to close it, so there i sat in horror unable to do anything but watch as the girl next to noticed my screen . i pray that she didn't read it, or anyone else notice .
i'm sitting in class waiting for our first break of the day and i think to myself \"a kit-kat would totally redeem this awful day\" When we are dismissed to break i proceed to procure a tasty treat from the vending machine upstairs, \"hmm, that's strange. This tastes stale. oh well it's not that bad.\"
i thought to myself \"awhhhhh yeahhhhh! it's coming from my coworkers computer. i bet she will have zero clue where the music will be coming from.\" i turned the volume up on both youtube and the computer to the max . The sound i was hearing was not coming from by coworkers computer, but from the overhead speaker above her .
Sketch artist broke a couple bones in his first go with a 100lb bag . It's been in the house less than a week . Ze went to the doc to get checked out. turns out ze broke a few bones. pretty much isn't going to happen after this kind of injury is what the doc is saying .
i've noticed an increase in these ones getting upvoted to the top lately . If we aren't going to allow this, then we need a new forum for these fuck ups and more active moderation . The subreddit title should be changed to suit all the fuck ups from the past .
i meant to send this:http://www.staggeringbeauty.com/ to one of the guys in my office over skype (we use it for quick office communication.) He's got an odd sense of humour and i think he'd get it. He gathers all the staff members and decides to destroy me with humiliation for sending inappropriate messages .
A few years ago, i had been at a job and had a transfer . Once i saw her, i immediately got those \"butterfly\" feelings, haven't had those since grade school . The next shift together she was less flirty and acting rather odd . After a few weeks pass and she finally mustered up the courage to ask her out .
When she told him she loved me, i vomited my entire dinner in someone's front yard . The next weekend, she broke up the next weekend and i should contact her and make sure i didn't scar her from ever telling someone she loves them . The 18 year old me thought she was just grossed out by the puke .
i am in the navy and am in charge of ordering advancement exams . We have a listing of every sailor onboard and what job they work in . The navy has about 30-40 different jobs or [ratings] or ratings . All of the assigned ratings or jobs are automatically detected by the website (score one for linked government databases) except one .
My mother's marriage to my father left her disowned from her family and forced her to \"abandon\" her then-only child . My sister's feelings of abandonment ran deep and she held an intense grudge against my mother . My mother was told she would be sent pictures of the newborn in the mail .
Someone gives a link to some gif with no description or context . The gif is usually something funny, but sometimes its something nsfww.com . The link was to something on 4chan, but for some reason, i had a lapse in judgement and clicked this link without any hesitation .
When the first slow-dance song came on, she lost it, openly bawling on the dance floor, tearing her shoes off, and storming off into one of the adjoining hallways, slumping into a corner . The subject of \"love\" has never come up, but prom rolls around .
i was talking with other students after class, saying all you really had to do was study the powerpoints for the test . i then said \"it's not like african art, where it's her specialty. i don't think she knows much about american art.\" Then walked past me, and i'm pretty sure she heard me .
The thief stole a friends property and stole a friend's property . Lied and have had actual conversations pretending to be someone in order to manipulate a situation . Lived to be a friend and have stolen a friend property.comcommodation.com/compreviously.comprepared .
After work, i went to the lovely golden arches after work for some fish mcbites . These are little fried balls of fish, and they are absolutely delicious, and i decided that the sharable size would do, given that i'd felt sick earlier the day, and didn't eat much .
A year ago, a friend told him there's a girl that you should meet . One year later, i walked her home and made out on the coffee table, staircase, and everywhere else . After too long things got heavy, she said, \"listen, i don't want to sleep with you...not on the first night\"
At work, 7 am, i had coffee so i was a little gassy . Because my leggings were purple it looked like blood (thank god, less embarrassing) Had i been wearing full-butt underwear, it gushed around my thong . Had to go to another class afterward with poopy pants .
i was into some weird naruto hentai and wasnt smart enough to clear my history . At the time my mom was sending out emails to the clients when 2 of them promptly stopped emailing us back . Mom decided to look at her sent mail to see if she had said anything wrong and started scrolling through her email and found 50 explicit images of the shame of my nightmares .
My girlfriend made a delicious meal of turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, corn and all that good stuff . The next night i made a plate and soak everything in gravy, because i love gravy, especially her homemade gravy, heat it in the microwave . A day later, i microwave another plate for an extra 45 seconds, this time the gravy got hard as a rock and burnt, ruining my whole meal .
i think its sad that people here don't get karma for their stories . Submissions should be submitted as links to pictures of text containing the story . The people submitting the content aren't rewarded for their content . Submit submissions should be sent as links and pictures of the story in a link to the stories .
Last weekend my husband and i demolished our master bathroom . The bathroom window to let out dust and we never closed it . Every noise i made went straight out to our elderly, conservative neighbors . The house, not an apartment, so no one hears my noises . Then, last night, it rains and i notice that the rain seems *really* loud .
For the longest time, i have been thinking up amazing april fool's jokes to play on my little brother, who gets me with amazing pranks every year . i would rubberband the sprayer on my sink, and watch the hilarity that would ensue when my brother tries to wash a dish or his hands .
Was at a college basketball game when beer slipped down onto little girl's head . Her father is twice my size and is glaring angrily at him . Was too terrified to return with napkins and try to fix the situation . Was soaked up by beer soaked and ran down the stairs .
When she walks up to me with her boyfriend and says \"hi, we're looking for (thing) can you show us where we can find it?\" \"Yes, but i'm never on it,\" she quickly responds, \"yes i did,\" \"why?\" \"Well, i believe we had a class together in 6th grade\" i thought he was going to jump over the cart and tackle me .
They escaped and now i'm going to get in trouble oh no. They escaped. they escaped. oh no . they escaped and . now i's going to be in trouble, oh no, oh oh no! I'm going in trouble. I'm not sure if i'm getting in trouble .
The back gates to my neighborhood get locked at 12 and i forgot what time it was . When i got there i had to turn around and go to the other gate . All of the vents in my car started spewing this vile, rancid stench that literally almost made me puke .
i could hold the poop no longer, it slowly emerged as i stood up from my seat . The older kids on the bus begin to smell the stench, before they got to me i sniffed the kid across the aisle \"oh my god, its him, he is the one who stinks\". i arrive to the daycare and decide to quickly run to the teachers restroom to cleanse the shit off my pants .
The fence hooked my thong when i jumped down, it ripped my underwear out of my pants . The mother of all hanging wedgies still hurts a little when i sit down . \"My butthole was on fire, so i lied there for a minute, holding my crotch and ass, eventually, grabbed the panties, and ran back to my apartment\"
i got my coffee to go as the weather is getting colder and i had to walk for a bit so it\u2019s always nice to have a hot cup of coffee . As i drank, coffee kept leaking on me, i didn't realise right away as, being cold and all, i had a thick sweatshirt. All of this happened on one of the main streets of my city .
The elementary school kids were all getting up from the bleachers to stand in front of us and sing a song . One girl, trying to walk in a straight line while simultaneously staring at the scary high schoolers, fell right over on her face . Hilarity ensued, and i kept snorting little giggles during the subsequent slide on wwii each time i thought about how i wasn't supposed to be laughing .
i had one pint of cider and spent the entire night shitting my brains out and nauseated to the point where i can't sleep . i am having epic farts that smell so bad they make me gag . When i sit up i dry heave, when i poignitantly\u00a0dry heave .
A valet is a valet and reverse into another car . The driver's boss angry over recent influx of wrecks . The job is on the line . Getting married in 53 days and my fiance and i are paying for our wedding . The best part is getting married and paying for their wedding .
A black prob prob prob 17-20 y/o boy asked him to have change for a $50 bill . After a quick check in my wallet, i knew the bill wasn't right . The kid stood up and stated: \"its not fake, i just got it from a store in change and need to break it to pay a friend back\" A few more \"mall cops\" arrived and separated us .
\"you bitch!\" as he cupped himself and tried to zip up properly . At least there wasn't blood... just the tip tip . Later made up for it with a proper blowup . We use the phrase 'you bitch' jokingly... i think he was surprised and trying to make a joke .
it hurt! It's not the first time it hurt. it hurt!\" It's the fucking pain of it, it hurts! it hurts. It fucking hurt! it fucking hurt. It hurts! It was the fucking fucking fucking pain. It hurt! I'm not sure what it does to do with it .
i was playing with a razor blade for me de razor when it slipped and cut off a dime size piece of my index finger and middle finger . Doctors were able to clue it back together, but i got some pics on my phone, but don't upload them yet, i'll update when i do .
Last night i smoked a couple grams with some friends on the way to another friends house . When we got there, the munchies had kicked in so the first thing we did was check my friend's pantry . i grabbed the 4 boxes and went outside to find a dumpster to free myself from my thieving deed . By then i couldn't hold it any longer, my stomach screamed like a thousand kittens and i sharted .
i was playing with my pee like many of us do, and i squatted down to see how low i could go while still peeing in the toilet . i got to about half-way squat with his focused eyes making sure that i was still hitting the target when a small magic bullet drop of piss water splashed me in the eye .
A pvc fitting to the water sourced a/c unit that me and my boss put together wasnt glued properly and broke loose and poured out water for nearly 2 days . Owner lost every spare piece of dry wall he had, several pieces of plywood, and some doors, idk how much it all cost him but i would guess a couple thousand dollars .
My friend was raped by her father from about the time she was 6 until she was 15 so this is a really touchy subject . Today i was in english class working with my friends ali (not his real name) and lauren (the girl in question) they were arguing while i was working on my laptop . She looked at my computer screen and saw my desktop which is my little sister (13 months old.)
A guy that i was seeing while he was on vacation in my town invited me to come visit him . After thinking about it, i sent him a text asking if he was serious about it . He replied \"when? i'm in boston at the moment,\" he replied .
i usually don't let her sleep in my room but i felt bad and let her climb in bed with me and went to sleep . Next thing i know i am woken up by excruciating pain in my right nipple . She had climbed under the blankets to suckle me .
The next morning i was late to my class so i brought my toothbrush and brushed my teeth on the way . Later on my buddy was throwing up in the bathroom and i thought it would be funny to shove a toothbrush up his ass.anyways i did it and it was funny .
no winners since march 9th? Just wondering where that went. as the title says. just wondering where where the winners went? No winners since March 9th, no winners have been since . No winners have since been in action since the end of the season . No one has won since March 10th?
Some dripped down right on to my stomach and creeped all the way down . i washed myself off (quickly, because i've made this mistake before) and thought everything was fine . This morning i woke up to go pee and it burned so bad. ow :( :( :(
The supervisor,whom is a woman, started to notice me and my neighbor . At some point a fellow student and colleague called my name and asked me: \"dude how do you copy and paste!?\" to which i promptly replied: \"like everybody else, captain obvious!\" The supervisor was already behind me, pulled me up and started shouting : \"right now get out! congratulations congratulations you failed your test!\".
i decided to chug an entire gallon of milk a day . i found out that i'm quite lactose intolerant . i have taken 9 liquidacious shits in the last 2 hours and not a single one has had any solid in it . 5 gallons left, they expire next week .
At 1:23 for the actual action of the video . at 1:30 for actual action . At the time of the action, visit www.youtube.com/watch?vn0qyswcea&feature==://://://www.y.be.beyondyond.com .
i spent 20 minutes shitting what seemed to be the entire contents of my bowels throughout the week into the single staff toilet . i did get lucky in the fact that no one else went in there for a while, or i probably would've killed them with the ridiculous stench i left .
Each time a team concedes a goal, both members of that team have to drink a full beer . This includes an extra beer at the end of the game for the losing team . The wired controller caused the xbox to fall and break . The xbox was broken and left with 3 cases of beer and a blank tv to stare at .
i went to the dentist in basketball shorts thinking nothing of it . Well me being a teenage boy had a single dirty thought for half a second, and got rock hard . i don't know if the dentist noticed or not because she was working on my teeth of course, but im almost positive she did .
i had sent my gf a couple of sex toys while she was home for the summer (we're both in college, i'm 28, she's 22), and i made her promise not to open the box till i could get on skype with her, when her mother busts into her bedroom and sees me in all my glory . She asks about the package and his gf tells her it's not parent appropriate . Her dad just laughed and said we shouldn't have been doing that .
A 2 foot wide by 8 foot tall section of concrete board and ceramic tile came crashing down . i caught it with my right ring finger and nearly cut it off . The hospital fixed me up and all is well, i noticed one of the nurses googled a disease... yeah that was confidence inspiring .
This is a timeline of what happened to me today . This is an exercise for writing short stories because i just realized i have an English exam tomorrow . This wall of text (sorry) was not only an actual and really sad fuck up, but also an exercise to write short stories .
After telling parents that i would come home the past few weekends, then ending up staying at college to catch up on work . After we were done, i left for home straight from the lab since it's only an hour and a half drive . Halfway home, my hands and feet start getting numb and my stomach starts feeling weird... then i remembered that i hadn't eaten a real meal since 3 .
So recently i had a couple of friends over and my one friend brought a hookah pipe, so i said to him i don't care if you smoke it just don't do it in the house . After they leave my mom starts screaming at me saying i'm a disappointment and it's not fair to my other siblings that they have to listen to me get yelled at all the time .
One of the guys i work with has a habit of making very sexual jokes all the time . When he says to me \"my great grandpa was hung when he was 8 years old\" i smiled and let out an awkward courtesy \"haa\" He then told me how his great grandfather was almost murdered by some stranger when he's 8 .
Next time i'll read the packaging before i attempt to cook it . http://://://.com/6pzby3r.htmlhtmlhtml.com: http://.org.uk/6 p.m.httphttphttp://://www.c.cnnnnnn.html.uk for more information on cooking .
My plane was almost to london, so i decided to go take a pee . While standing there, i noticed that directly on front of me was a strange cabinet looking item . When i pushed it back up, that's when i realized the baby changing station automatically lowered the toilet seat lid, thus causing me to urinate all over the wall and the floor around it .
tifu by leaving behind my favorite electronic gaget, my red 3ds xl with zagg protective stickies on the outside in the seat pocket on a passenger jet . i'm a little preoccupied at the moment with my grandfather's impending death . The passenger next to me on the plane was constantly on my shoulder .
i have had my license for a whopping 5 months now . Last night i pulled in straight, and hit my mirror on the garage door frame . Luckily i have a sense of humor about things, more so than my husband . Luckily, i've had people asking me about it as they walked by .
i have a habit of putting the word 'face' into sentences . When i went to offer my very obviously black co-worker a coffee, i thought it would be 'biscuit-face?' or 'tea-face?' So when i tried to offer a coffee...
rip papa... rip paparlyly, rip rip a papa . The papa's papa has been ripped out of the papa for the first time in a decade . Rip papa, rip papasas, rip his papa and rip his own papa.
The chihuahua is a dog that loves to get out of the kitchen . Her boyfriend, her boyfriend, is the most disgusting person i could possibly meet . Three condoms worth of semen all over the floor, mainly due to my dog trampling all over them, two were on the floor .
When i started feeling drowsy, i thought i could manage it . But i somehow managed to fall asleep without knowing it and manage to hit 2 trees and an old barn, while falling into an 8 foot deep gulley . If i had any passengers with me they would have died according to the ems and state trooper .
Fiance gives me one of the greatest orgasms in my life . When i finish and get up to do my womanly duty and finish him, i hear \"what is that?\" i turn around to see a couple brown smudges glaring up at me from our black sheets . i'm almost crying when i go upstairs to clean myself off .
i knew the whole time i was getting scammed. once he was in my car there was no turning back . i just went along with it and couldn't help it. i am so stupid. Why can't you just learn to say no to me? i'm so stupid .
i thought it was a bad break in her forearm, the type that needs pins to set the bone . So, making small talk, i comment, \"wow, it looks like that would've hurt\" The cashier's arm looks like she has a cast with a pin of some sort in it .
i'm sorry! i feel like the biggest asshole for cutting you off. i'm not sure what happened to be . Someone was driving on the other side of the road and i turned anyways . i'm looking forward to turning off, but i turned it off anyway .
i was making jambalaya for dinner and things were going well until i realized that the spice factor needed to be kicked up another notch . While browning some italian sausage i decided to toss some dried red chilies in while the meat was cooking . The burn was short and when it subsided i felt like a real idiot .
i didn't realize that the album had to say explicit on it for it to be the normal version . We get home and about 20 minutes later he says \"this is the clean version\" in a sad and dissapointed tone . i asked if we could return it but he said that he thinks they dont take returns .
So, it was my last period of the day which was athletics, so i told my coach i was gonna ride my bike to the track then home after a run . Instead went to my boyfriend's house, his parents had just left so i was like, \"yes, score sexy times!\" \"My heart literally stopped... he ushered me into his closet and somehow managed to fix my bike... and after almost an hour of being in that closet having a heart attack that his parents were going to walk in,\" he helped me out his window and directed me to his bike .
Cops say he lied about his age and lied about birth date . Cops are going to talk to the kid, but he has decided not to press charges . The cops will not press charges if he doesn't press charges, but they will have to get an id next time .
Last night i went out with an old school friend to see a band play . At one of these holes i held back as there was this chick that i was having a bit of a laugh with. (side note, sister challenged me about getting this style of chick) The pretty lady runs up to me and just hugs me. i hold her tight and kiss her on the head.
After a long...long run i got some chafe rashes so i decided to take a bath . Afterwards they were still sore so i went into the cabinet and found a packet of e-z-wipes for cleaning your hands after a meal . Being the idiot i am i wiped my thighs and crotch. it burns so bad.
The mayor of toronto smoking crack is currently being played over and over . So i made a statement to the effect of, \"i can't believe he smoked crack. he's way too fat to be a crackhead.\" The receptionist was rather large herself . \"oh, um, i totally think you're not that big,\" says one of the receptionists .
i decided it looked ugly so i rewrote it just before i turned in the exam . Except i didn't copy my own answer correctly . The moment of sheer bewilderment and horror is awful . It's worth 10% of the grade, and i started yelling \"fearless damn damn it\"
The time now reads 1300 hrs...on dec 25, 2079 on dec 25th December 2079 . The clock didn't set itself, i pressed two buttons, and suddenly...the future . The future will be on Dec 25,2079.comcomprehensible .
Unbeknownst to me, there was a girl with semi-large tits speed walking to the door . The girl was coming, and i accidentally grabbed a handful of her left tit . This has to be the most awkward experience i have experienced in a long time .
A year ago i was working at a high end investments firm as a new analyst for a month . One week later after my brother got into this trouble, two guys in suits come up to my cubicle and ask me my full name - i say yeah, that's me but i go by \"middle name\". can you come with us please? my boss asks what the hell is going on and the immigration guys tell him i am illegally staying in the us and i will face jail time for using a fake ID .
i was growing it for movember and it was not a pretty sight, to say the least . My economics teacher was standing right behind me, giving me the 'what the fuck is this guy doing?' He walked right out of there, probably dis-acknowledging my existence for the rest of the day .
Every day when i leave i go to my locker, take off my toolbelt and work shirt . Then, out of habit, my brain demanded that clothing be removed . This all happened in front of my entire group of male coworkers as well as a bunch of customers .