i grew up in germany where i went to a german secondary school that went from 5th to 13th grade . My school was named after anne frank and we had a club dedicated to teaching incoming 5th graders about anne franks life, discrimination, anti-semitism, hitler, the third reich and that whole spiel . A kid with a boyish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain, said he was a girl .
 After her mother died from cancer last year, i started looking for my estranged father . He told her that he had been a horrible alcoholic and that he didn't pursue custody of me because he felt himself to be selfish and unstable . After months of talking with him, he was over-the-moon. He was supportive, sweet, funny, loving.  eventually, i told him that i loved him after months of speaking with him .
 So i had the brilliant idea to use veet hair removal gel as the ol' danglies were in need of a trim . The gel did great at taking the hair off it, but decided to take the first layer of skin too . My nuts now glow cherry red and walking is a painful expense that can't be justified .
 i've been on a diy-pinterest-tumblr-let's-make-my-own-shit-and-be-fancy spree lately . The other day i took a 'detox bath' (fyi did nothing for me guys). So, my brain totally went 'hey, put some peppermint in! it's good for your skin!'
 i haven't had a bath in practically years so, after finally moving into a house with a bath, i decide to have one . Having recently purchased a shiny new bag of weed, i thought combining the two would be a good idea . Picture this; a very cramped bathroom, no windows, a shitty extractor fan, closed door, steaming hot bath and a spliff .
 This was like 2 and a half weeks ago maybe 3.5 weeks ago so i left my house to meet up with my girlfriend at a spot in some sorta wood type thing near some nice houses . The spot we went to seemed nice and lonely for the both of us to hang out . We were having sex peacefully until we heard workers working nearby .
 French fries are covered in napkins or plates and microwave them in the microwave . The fries have been blanched, frozen, bagged, and then put into my freezer . Since there's still some oil in the fries, the microwave brought out that oil and boiled it, so i was poking around the fries when my finger squishes into a really soft one, right into the hell-fire center .
 A pvc pipe broke during a road accident in North Carolina . The pipe lodged in front of the truck's tire caused it to roll and hit a girl's barn, but no one was hurt . The incident happened yesterday, but i was pinned between the truck and a barbed wire fence .
 Earlier today, i was at the local county fair in the lovely county of adams in Wisconsin . i was there to enjoy the fair, help out and have a wonderful day . However, later in the afternoon, i found myself in the rabbit, chicken, duck, goose and dairy barn . I was behind a row of rabbit cages with my cousin, which bordered up to the wooden fence divider between the rabbits and dairy cows . This is how i screwed up and mistook a heifer's want for water, as the want for attention .
 i was sitting in the cafeteria at my college when i felt a particularly big cough coming on. it was a very effective cough, and apparently too effective, because instantly i realized i had shat my pants . While some may have been embarrassed, i was actually quite excited.  after spending so much time reading about people who shat them selves, you start to wonder what it feels like .
 i was still a virgin and kind of frustrated about it. i was at a party and i heard that there was a girl which i heard she was pretty easy(let's call her easy girl from now on) i started fumbling around with my dick since i was drunk and never done it before . After a while, i decided since i couldn't feel anything, let's take the condom off! great idea! now i was so messed up i asked her if she maybe would give me a blowjob. When i thought i came i actually peed in her fucking mouth, no shit. i didn't know if she knows...
 i was laughing hysterically like a hyena at adviceanimals.com . my boss had a stroke today . he was hospitalized today. while a coworker was explaining his status i had my ear buds in and was laughing . i had no idea what was going on when i heard the news .
 \"i'm glad you came\" song came on my sister singing it and of course, me the idiot would be the one to say \"thats what your mom said last night' she immediatley smacked me and the mouth and pretended nothing even happened . yeah i now will forever hate that song .
 Every day i drive to a park and ride, which is about 2 miles away from my place. well this morning as i was leaving, i left my keys on the counter and locked the door on the way out. it was both my car keys and my condo keys and i had no way back in. my wife had left for work 5 minutes earlier; i tried calling her and she didn't answer. \u00a0so i decided to walk...not three steps down the stairs i felt a fart coming on...i let it out slowly because i haven't been feeling great lately, and i . felt a wet juicy fart slip out of my cheeks, only it wasn't just a fart it
 There were a number of signals, her calling things \"our song,\" texts for no reason, etc...  the only problem was that i was her group leader (working under me) and felt it inappropriate to make my move while that was still the case . Fast forward to last night, she comes over for a few drinks before we meet up with other classmates for a night at the bar .
 Aged 16, a friend sat on the side of the hill with her knee cap dislocated in midair . The accident happened while we were waiting for the bus to take us to our football semi final match . After a number of very unladylike expletives and a bit of yelling/screaming, people noticed that my knee cap had attempted to escape my leg and called an ambulance . Driving in an ambulance with a dislocated knee cap was never on my bucket list .
 i got a windows 7 ultimate disc and decided i should upgrade and start fresh . i decide that i will keep all my files (about 400 gigs) so i brought my laptop to school to hook up to one of the extra hard drives while i had decided to reinstall . so get to school and put the installation disc in and format the whole hard drive without backing up .
 i woke up extremely tired, looking for a way to wake my self up (i don't go back to sleep easily) so i decided to wake up instead . i went to the kitchen, poured some cereal into a bowl and got a cup, got out the milk and juice (i have the same god damn thing every day) and poured the milk into the cup and the juice on the cereal .
 An ex-boyfriend called people from a different region \"obnoxious sheeps\" because they live in an entirely different country . The relationship ended on a sour note after he said he wanted to live in a different country and didn't want to live there . He called the people from that region \"obsessed\" with a secessionist movement, but he didn't like it .
 i had my electronics class today and my professor gave us an assignment where we have to make something from nothing . Nothing being the broken computers and other electronics that we could find in our workroom . My group decided to build a boat because hot gluing a block of styrofoam to a fan is the easiest idea that any of us could think of .
 i seldom go to starbucks but today i decided i should go, well inner me decides, \"hey! lets get a frappucino!\"  i'm lactose intolerant and coffee usually upsets my stomach, but hey i really wanted to go to try the new hazelnut frappe and this totally escaped my mind . So i order it and drink it, shockingly for the first time in a while it didnt upset my stomach . so i go on about my day and go to the library for a couple of hours .
 i have my phone set to back up all of my texts and upload them to my dropbox account, which is synced with my brother's . The first text he sees is the beginning of a sext from my girlfriend, going into much detail about how we want to be together and how horny we are .
 After a few drinks and a blunt, my boyfriend and i decided to \"do the dirty\" since its been a few days . We were getting really into it when he decides he wants to do anal again . After telling him a few times to slow down because it hurt, he switched back to good old vaginal intercourse from behind . He was still going in from behind, so he decided to stick my butt up and arch my back down, when all of a sudden i felt a fart rumbling through.....then it happened, it was more than a fart .
 i was going downstairs about 2 hours ago to get something to eat and possibly to drink . While downstairs i notice my mother eating a salad, and naturally i was like fuck yea salad i love me some salad . upon investigation of the refrigerator i notice that there isn't any salad left . so i grab it and sneak behind my mother and yell loudly that i was the salad ninja and stole a bite . At that moment she looks up at me and gasps that she can't breathe and needs help . So i do what i think the fucking heimlich maneuver is, which wasnt pretty at all, and fail horribly and start yelling for her to breathe because it was all i could think to
 This happened a few years ago, but i know its not today, but its my cake day and i do what i want . So in my blatant ignorance i said \"i hope you burn yourself.\" The mistake quickly pours over me, but before i have time to correct myself and apologize she replies with \"i already have\"
 After much pleading with my girlfriend i was able to convince her to have special sexy times . Instead of going straight out and to her neck, it went up and it had this stunning arching angle that ended up landing right straight in the middle of her eye . This caused her eye to get extremely red and i still couldn't stop laughing .
 i'm from the midwest and i've never paid a toll that was higher than maybe $4 . i've made the drive up i95 as far north as baltimore all the way down to ga and i knew there weren't any tolls until i went under the harbor and that one was only a few bucks . On the way home i accidentally picked a route consisting of state roads and didn't realize it at first .
 An older man called the tech support center for a cable company for their tech support . He was using the new windows 8 operating system and just didn't know how to navigate it . He asked me my age and where i'm located, but i thought i would at least give him a brief tutorial just to help him out even though it was out of my support boundaries . When the tabs opened he heard him say \"oh, hello there!\" and i about died laughing .
 This week, the money my parents gave me for college went away faster than usual, because i had to buy some groceries on my apartment that i didn\u00b4t account for . By friday morning i had only enough money to return to my apartment and thats it . As i was pretty much bankrupt and had to attend to some classes s Saturday morning, i give up and end up asking my parents to send me money . Luckily this is also the moment that my cousin (who was sent to give me the money) gets to the apartment so i ask him to get me to the hospital .
 The game was so intense that i kicked the xbox over, it made a weird humming noise and we waited like 10 seconds before unplugging it . The disc came out of the disc, and shit, its scratched. Its now unreadable. i had to give him my copy.
 i thought it would be funny to rip a huge one before we leave to see if the smell would still stay in the truck until after the movie, i really didnt need to so i tried to force one out! and boom... a big ass shart!!! i had the most embarrassing face on, my friend and brother asked me what was wrong and i told them what happened, and they were literally rofl .
 Because my nails are super thick and i have scissors instead of clippers, i tend to forget clipping them every now and then, causing them to get super long and, and some cases, super fragile . The leverage from the impact of the impact cracked it in half horizontally, and sent the sharp interior edge down into the nail bed, causing insane amounts of bleeding .
 The attractive woman that i had been texting the previous day was an obese, not so attractive male associate of mine . The next day, we text back and forth, the usual winky face and the cliche flirtatious remark is made towards one another and i'm thinking to myself \" wow, could this be going any better?\" But then, reality struck. i received a call from the attractive woman  thinking \"oh god, what have i done?\"
 i'm not big on taco bell, but i took is word, got a nice lunch from the restaurant . Fast forward to about 11, i start getting cramps in my lower abdomen, like knife stabbing. i manage to ignore it, but around 11:40 rolled around and i'm doing everything i can .
 i'm more sexually attracted to men, but i have more of an emotional attraction to her . i panicked and closed the app and tried explaining that my friend was messing with me sending various pictures . She played it off, but not sure she bought it off . i tried explaining it to her, but she didn't buy it .
 The girl threw a burrito at him from over the counter at his burrito place . She's manager, so she doesn't get in trouble, but she gets in trouble for throwing it at him . The girl is a friend of her friend, who dumped her after a week .
 The man tailgated on a two-lane road in La, California . He was tailgating on the way to his destination . He cut me off and got off scot free, but the man driving it was cool and only wanted $50 for the broken mirror on his car .
 i work as sales in a manufacturing/distributing company that sells paper and plastic products . All the credit cards i've been using were stolen, and all the products are gone . thankfully the last shipment we sent out was a local storage warehouse and we claimed about 8k back .
 i already submitted my university applications earlier and theres pressure on my parents to attend university because it's more prestigious and the odds of me getting a career post grad is higher than college, i also think it's part of their own benefit . i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from .
 This past sunday i had asked if her sister was single and whatnot, i pretty much just asked that in general because i thought my sister and hers where not friends anymore, i tried to say my bad and apologize but it was busy . As i left she said in a joking way from what i could tell that she was going to tell her . i know it's not that bad sounding to most but i don't let stupid thoughts get out, i normally dismiss them and now i feel like the creepy guy .
 This actually happened yesterday . i have a tendency to get really, really bored at work - because we have long periods of downtime. to keep myself awake i try to make myself physically uncomfortable. The day after work, my boss nudges me to go home and get some sleep .
 Headsooth is a chapstick like device which you apply to your forehead when you have a headache . It gives a deep cold/burning sensation which isn't pleasant and the best of times . The pain was unbearable, i thought i was going to pass out. i couldn't close my legs for a good hour after that .
 i drive a 97 ford with a little 4 cylinder engine. i manage to get that thing to almost 50 mph in about a block and a half . didn't see the cop just off the road. then, to top it off, i didn't have current insurance cards. did i mention that it was a 25 mph zone? good news is, only got 195 for 20 over. took my word on the insurance problem.
 It's been a couple weeks since i got sick, i started a new job, life was generally being shitty and in the way . After some gentle encouragement from my girlfriend, i agreed that i really did need to get back on it and go back to working out . The gym has a set of bolt cutters which she lent to me so i could go get my locker open .
 i did some nude photography/modeling a few years back, and while i love the pieces i did and do not regret them in the slightest, i don't particularly want seeing my friends, especially male friends, seeing me nude . i was in chat with several people at once, bouncing between several different conversations, one of them being a good friend who i sent the link to the guys profile . however, when i was sending the link, i popped not into her box, but a box right next to her .
 Pms makes me want to have a dick inside me in the worst way, and just thinking about the incredible sex i had this past weekend . My 68-year-old boss was in a meeting all day so i let the horny-ness get the best of me . He walked around the corner in time to see me doing some buttoning up and get to it .
 This will be the most disgusting, embarrassing thing that i will ever post . My mother in-law just got new expensive chairs before the family visits for the holidays . The smell could knock out a god damn moose, but the damage is done.  i am just in my room, in my pajamas, scared to ever fart again...
 i had never been sick from alcohol until the first night of a holiday in zante . I was on a drip when i woke up in the middle of the night and vomited all over myself and the car . i went to a place then that i never want to go to again. if i had a gun, i would have shot myself immediately, i'm very much not suicidal. i wanted to die if it stopped my being this goddamn drunk. i could not handle it, the music, the room spin, jesus this is awful. i was totally hating it, felt just awful, could not control myself .
 i had two exam finals and, i believed, a paper final due tomorrow then i would be done . i had recently passed a macroeconomics course i had failed the last semester so i thought everything was golden . The one time he will not take a late paper is the final exam. so, i effectively have failed a class with my favorite professor .
 This is a story from when i lived with my grandmother during my senior year of highschool . My grandmother is not an avid user of the internet, but i am. i implored her to change to a shaped plan instead of charging you extra when you go over your data allowance, they slow your throughput with no further charges . She refused, because technology is scary. She found lots and lots of my dirty, **dirty** porn .
 A 16-inch black double ended dildo was perfect for drunken fights, heavy enough to leave a welt, and just wiggly enough to provide a good smacking . The dildo fell out of use and i became accustomed to the sound of it rolling around in the trunk of my car .
 A few weeks ago i got a call from a particularly drunken and high z who wanted to do themselves in so i spent that night making sure they were okay . After that night, everything was perfectly fine until 3 weeks later when this sentence was said \"i will always appreciate you. you are one of the best people i know... i fucking hate you! you are a prick. i hope you die!\"
 The nofap community recommended i post this to r/tifu: How r/nofap ruined my only chance at a potential relationship . A couple months ago, i went on a 2nd date with a girl from okcupid . After flirting with her roommate's mom, she invites me over for dinner and it's going really good . Her roommate and his mom show up and we all hang out and play board games . The next day, i spent all the next day waiting for a text message: \"did you cum all over the loft?\"
 The girl i love & who loved me was in the midst of the toughest 2 years anyone has gone through . i got so scared of my own shadow, constantly afraid of saying the wrong thing that might add more stress to her life, that i barely said anything . Despite doing everything i could think of to keep our relationship strong, she lost many of those feelings for me .
 Spillomanen was making lunch with his stepmom at her house . She asked him to make something to drink with elderflower soda and apple syrup . But it all went to hell when he filled the soda bottle with carbon dioxide and soda . The pressure in the bottle became too high in a matter of seconds .
 i was in a helping relationship psychology class where we were given a task to practice one on one relationships with people who had small and manageable problems . We were assigned to record our sessions so our professor could check on our responses and tell us how to better work on our methods . i wiped it clear on my pc and checked to make sure that nothing was on it. i turned it in and thought little of it. The next week i got called into her office the next week. She tried to open it with itunes and the audio file wasn't compatible .
 A few months ago i was at my girlfriends house and we went into the garage to get something to drink while we watched netflix . While we were in there she was being frisky then started giving me a blowjob when we heard her mom out in the kitchen . i still had my boner so i stayed a bit behind to adjust it and make it less noticeable . unbeknownst to me, her mom was in the part of the kitchen next to her and could see me .
 i'm a children's librarian in a small town where everyone seems to know each other . One of my co-workers knows her family and we were talking about her before her shift one day . turns out this girl is from a wealthy family, is extremely popular, all the normal things that makes me regress into my old angsty \"i hate pretty girls\" mentality .
 7 cars sped out of the parking lot in formation in formation . They eventually parked in a sketchy area . When we parked, we saw them all get out and they were only a large latino family . The biggest disappointment ever was the family of a large Latino family .
 Since i was about 10, i've had really bad acne and ultra sensitive skin, but it wasn't until a today that my parents decided i should get epiduo prescription medication for my face . i've tried all kinds of medication in the past and they didn't work, but my parents saw a commercial on the tv and got themselves all excited . i went to the dermatologist and she prescribed epiduo, which turns out to be an insanely overpriced version of neutrogena . i left the doctor's and went to walgreen's to get my new fancy $200 goop. i headed home, took a shower, put on the new medication, and headed out to my golf lesson
 \"j\" lives in a one bedroom apartment with a currently unemployed roommate who made a makeshift bedroom where the dining room should be . His roommate, \"w\", gets money from his parents to pay rent/bills so he hardly ever leaves the apartment . After he leaves, j and i decide \"finally, time for some hot shower sex\" \"i do not look forward to the awkwardness between us\"
 A $1200 coil that costs $1200 has to be rewinded by hand by hand . The coil is a 2000ft coil that has banding straps instead of three . After two and half hours rewinding the coil by hand, the coil is no longer coiled up .
 \"hey little brother, do you mind staying at my place a couple days and taking care of the pets?\" \"Love gay anal, suck the quick stick, etc\" - but the potential for the perverse is limited with only a few dozen letters . \"haha, it does favor that, doesn't it? however, naive and silly gf, that's lipstick, i'll show you.\"
 i decided to snap a pic of myself to send to the gf and also just as a general progress pic . as i opened the picture, i pressed this one button which i assumed was the \"share\" button . once clicked, nothing happened . i was able to press the correct button and send it to the correct spot . However! as i'm getting changed and heading down to grab some food, i start hearing my mum yelling at me very loudly . She then goes on to tell me how both her and my dad were watching tv when my picture suddenly appeared . i burst into laughter and could not stop laughing as i walked back up the stairs to my room .
 i live in idaho and it's been 100 degrees every day for like a month and a half . Some friends and i decide to go down to the river and hang out, play with the dogs, whatever . before we left i kinda had to poo but i couldn't do it, it was more of a \"i'm gonna have to go eventually\" kind of thing . i think to myself that i can hold it, i just have to get out of the water for a bit .
 To make days go by faster at work, i brought in a portable music speaker that i can set up wherever i'm working . The hall i was working in doesn't have a restroom, and the nearest one is right around the hall corner . i leave my music plugged in to the speaker and go off to relieve myself. all is fine in the restroom, but stepping into the hall i quickly realized my mistake; [killing in the name of].
 My best friend and i have known each other for 16 years and tell each other everything . 6 years ago, my friend, let's call her c, starts dating a guy,z. z and c exchange virginities and break up soon after . 2 years ago when they got back together, they got engaged and c cheats on z many times . About a month ago, z starts txting me and we agree to hang out .
 16-year-old girl sings \"when your good to mama\" in the shower . Her uncle walks into the bathroom to see her naked . He dives down the stairs and i shamefully dry myself off like a normal person, got dressed, and came out to write a story of shame .
 When i was about eight, my stomach started to act up and i decided to walk home to go to the bathroom because i thought i needed to poop . After straining to push something out for a good 5 minuets, my face suddenly explodes with vomit . i end up soaking a rug in my bathroom and covering the floor with my puke .
 This was actually about 4 years ago, but i think it qualifies as a fuck up . i ended up shitting into my pajama pants right there on the floor . i can't seem to remember puking, so it could have been avoided . i then got into the shower and cleaned up, twice .
 i was at my grandparents' farm today just walking around when i stumbled across a blue egg just sitting on the ground . It actually looked whole, but when i picked it up, i noticed it had holes in it where the unborn bird must have leaked out . It still had some weight to it though, so i figured that i could just take it home and rinse it out and keep it .
 A server at a chain restaurant is accused of \"coupon fraud\" She was suspended for a few days and fired after being caught stealing coupons from servers' books . The server was fired after the incident . She was a \"cool chick\" who seemed like a cool person, but she was caught stealing .
 A week ago, it was actually a week ago on canada day, and i guess its more of a really awkward situation than anything else . The bus was packed and i barely squeezed on . The next stop a couple of chubby and unattractive women who are over twice my age get on the bus (i'm 18) they also squeeze in, pushing me against a wall . i'm sorta standing there with one of the women up against me. my phone is in sorta in a weird position,(sometimes i put my phone in my pocket sideways and it sorta sticks out) and i can't grab it to get it flat in her pocket since the woman's ass is
 Last night i had a couple of people over and i got pretty drunk . I drained the pipes and went upstairs to my room to go to bed . After about 10-15 minutes of browsing the internet, i realized i was way too exhausted so i closed my laptop, turned off the lights and hop in bed . As soon as i snuggle in my sheets i have the urge to piss yet again and its barely been fucking 15 minutes .
 i'm not going to elaborate because i don't even know how to . i totaled my car, my parents found out about my marijuana use, and i broke up with my girlfriend in 1 hour . i also became the biggest joke in school over my minecraft playing . i'll elaborate in comments when i get my head straight .
 An exchange student from portugal named mari is an exchange student named exotic, tan and a cute accent . A week ago i happened by her number because she desperately needed tutoring in chemistry and i am good at science so i became her tutor, got her number, and 15 bucks an hour pays well . i completely forget that i had added mari instead of mason in the alphabet .
 14-year-old boy was home alone when he started masturbating . His mom called him to say she saw on his facebook that he was watching porn . He told her it was okay for boys my age to explore sexual content . She was okay with it, but it was awkward nonetheless .
 When one uses the bathroom there is no question about whether it is 1 or 2, thought since nobody was upstairs that i had clearance to let one rip . A faster than usual dash to the bathroom probably alerted everyone downstairs that there was something amiss . Nobody used the bathroom the rest of the day and i had to go downstairs and get more tp out of the closet .
 i, 22f, am studying abroad in argentina this semester . The country is currently in a state of economic distress and, as the unemployment rate is extremely high, many of the inhabitants have resorted to petty crime, such as pickpocketing, in an attempt to make ends meet .
 The writer's wife bit him and kicked him out of bed after he bit her during a night out with her . He says she was trying to have sex with him, but he says she bit her and kicked her out of the bed . The next morning he woke up feeling like he had been trampled by a team of horses .
 i'd been planning to switch banks for some time now . The bank charged me a $6 monthly service fee if your account balance fell below $500 during any time during the previous month . So they're charging me for being poor, that just seems horribly wrong to me .
 An undergraduate researcher accidentally inhaled dichloromethane in his research lab . The dangerous chemical is potentially carcinogenic and can cause blindness/blurriness . The reaction was supposed to crystallize in a hot/warm beaker, but i accidentally breathed too much of it into the beaker .
 The bathroom i was using was a male bathroom, it has a urinal and a stall with a toilet, but because of the flow of people it has been converted into a unisex bathroom that you are supposed to lock while in use . So when i entered the bathroom to shit for the fourth time today i forgot to lock the door and i didn't shut the stall door . The next thing i know i hear someone turn the handle, but i hear them say something when they noticed someone was inside, but they promptly left .
 i swear i just threw them down the chute... then it hit me and i reached in my pocket and of course my two nice crisp twenties were missing . asked the garbage man if he knew what reddit was, he was old and said no but i was putting it on here despite the fact he was probably thinking \"this kids a moron..\"
 The fiance took the fiance for a meal at a nearby japanese restaurant . The front seats are priority seats for old people so i led the other half to the back of the bus and sat down. Not long afterwards my leg started getting a little chilly, no worries i thought, there's just a breeze . upon a gentlemanly sniff of the offending liquid...i realized it was pee .
 i work in a students union in an office upstairs . My friend works on the reception, right in the middle of the main entrance foyer downstairs . i was so excited that when i came to the foyer, with my friend behind her desk, i couldn't help but start lumbering towards her, head cocked, arms writhing and outstretched, loudly snarling, moaning and groaning, doing the best zombie impression i could .
 A half dollar slipped in between my teeth, went down my throat, and swallowed the damned thing without a problem . 5 days go by without passage in my stomach . The quarter didn't come out, luckily, but we still needed to go to the er to make sure i was safe . It has not passed and most likely going to get a tube up the ass and get it pulled out .
 At the ups hub the loaders get packages that come down the belt from the sort aisle, then you load them into the semi trailer . Sometimes the people that slide the packages down your trailer's chute, slide down the wrong bags that are filled with packages . well, in the hurry i was in (being peak season and all) i accidentally forgot to check/scan one of the bags .
 Last night i went to my friends birthday party and after the party ended, my drunk self thought it would be a good idea to walk home . midway through my little adventure home, i realized that i didn't have my phone . i tried using the android device manager to track my phone but i'm quite sure my phone was out of batteries by the time i tried tracking it down .
 An acquaintance of mine moved into the same apartment 'block' as me a month before i moved out of his apartment . The new apartment owners were an asian couple in their mid 20s and the they were not very happy to see him . He told him to never come back to that apartment complex . He eventually let me go .
 A bisexual boy writes a love poem in his first period crush's locker . The poem is not too cringy but it is basically proclaiming his love for her from an anonymous person and saying that i will always have a place in my heart for her . The last thing i need is someone to find out all of my dirty secrets .
 An empty blackberry izze bottle smashed into the anus of a man's ass . The pain was the greatest i have felt in my life . The male prostate is only a couple inches past the anus; i didn't have to go deep . Three hours later, i was in surgery and in a hospital bed .
 Drunk girl was drunk at her gf's house when she started fooling around with me, turns to a bj, but i'm buzzed so i tell her i cant finish and she tells me just to fuck her . We bang it out, her legs over my shoulders and i finished after about 5 minutes (intended quicky) but being drunk and just cumming less than 2 minutes before, i lost my hard on after about five minutes . Her brother walked home early, saw us through the front door, but he waited until we went into her room to sneak downstairs to his room .
 This guy calls in, we'll call him rick since that's his name and he's an\u00a0asshole\u00a0rick calls in and starts screaming at me . i'm sorry, what happened? i'm having a good morning and i want to see where this goes so i let him continue . He said he would be down and that he expects to see my supervisor . hopefully he goes back to the place he went to the first time or he was just blowing smoke and won't do anything .
 i was a freshman in high school when my biology teacher realized i wasn't paying attention . The worst joke in the book was \"sometimes i rip my balls off with a chainsaw and then staple them back together\" i was sent to the principal, my parents were called, and every joke was read to them .
 An abandoned gas station has a lone porta-potty in the vacant dirt lot right next to it . The wind, which has begun to pick up drastically, rips the door completely open . After peeing, i had my options: either, as a grown man, poop my pants, or pee on the wall . After finishing his business, a man stopped to talk to him about how windy it was .
 i'm getting ready to go on my break while waiting for another co-worker to come in at 5, he's usually late so i decided to just go before he gets there, figure what's a few minutes anyways . i hear a crack, i turn around to see this little girl her head laying on the floor and beginning to cry her eyes out . her mom runs over and picks her up with my apologizing relentlessly, even after i come back down the stairs with my stuff. still feel horrible about this, she seemed to be ok just upset like any kid would be .
 The writer's mother and her daughter decided to help her 90-year-old grandmother out of her house . After about 2/3 of her ice cream demolished by her sweet tooth... i felt a shit coming on . 4 times in the past 2 hours have i shit the milky ooze. My toilet is clogged and i still have to shit.
 A dress with a pink \"galaxy\" pattern and white stars was only twenty five dollars . The dress took this opportunity and flew up, exposing the back of my bra and underwear . My mother agreed to buy it for me as a reward for her good grades if they had it in my size .
 Around 3am i wake up, feel the urge, and meander on out the door to the outside of the house . To get into the house we have to go outside and back in through that office door . i figured \"what the hell, i am going to fap one out right here then i will go right back to sleep\"
 The tank in the lobby ran out of sweet tea so i was tasked with putting sweet tea in said tank . The bucket slipped out of my hand and sweet tea and ice went everywhere . The back sink also stopped working and the toilets wouldn't flush . We couldn't sell soda, wash dishes and the bathrooms were put out of order .
 i was getting tired of being referred to as \"he\" because i cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me, i find time to smoke a half a mile from my house . The cherry flew into my passenger side foot well and hit some paper that i had down there, and it caught fire .
 High school was putting on a musical and i was on the crew because i wanted to participate, but don't like to sing in front of people . My job was to open and close the curtains at the appropriate times . After the first two or three songs, the director of the play, a teacher, took me into the backstage room to go through some materials i would pass out at intermission and extra microphone tape . He saw me glancing at the bathroom and said, \"don't use that toilet, it doesn't flush right\"
 i've been on adderall for a while, but the loveliest of side effects is that it makes your shit set up camp and just chill in your intestines . Around 2pm, i decided to take a single extra-strength laxative to kick down the doors and do some spring cleaning . Later that night, i got hungry for dinner, i reached for something quick, disregarding my decision earlier . The next thing i heard was a slight noise piercing the air, somewhat of a high pitched squeak, then immediately followed by the most low and rumbling thunderous sound .
 i have a female friend i have always kinda had a crush on, well i was sitting against a wall talking to some of the other guys in stage crew . Well she comes over and lays her head on my thigh, which i kinda got aroused from her doing that, and then her cue came up for her to get on stage . She unzipped her sweatshirt a little bit and i could see her cleavage slightly, which got me even more aroused . When she needed her hair tie again she started feeling around for it, her hand went up, and up and up, then she touched my dick .
 tifu while playing league of legends when one of a friend (whom i happen to have a huge crush on)'s friends started saying that he liked her . i flipped my shit, caused a scene, and more than likely lost a good friend because of it . so far, she's blocked me on skype and facebook and unfriended me on lol.
 The story is about a trip to a resort-like retirement villa in Italy . The story goes back to the original version of this article . We are happy to clarify that it is not the first time we have seen so many old people in one place in the country .
 i ran track in high school and run with friends as a recreational activity . i dropped around 5 feet in what i believe to be an open grave . i lifted myself out of the grave and limped for a bit until my friends in back caught up and i told them what happened . i eventually was able to run the 4 miles back with the adrenaline, but when it settled, my legs killed .
 \"My ego seems to be my most damning enemy. i just want to vent. i don't care if anybody reads this, and i haven't told anybody,\" she says . \"We parted as friends, we kept in contact for a couple of months, but our friendship grew closer. i started making excuses just to see her. we were really flirty with each other, so i kissed her. it was amazing! the best thing i had done to date!\"
 The girl i've been interested in was coming and that was going to be the time for me to see if the feelings were mutual . After a few nights of dancing, i dropped her and left a trail of wet shit behind me . 4 grande burritos worth of slimy shit seep out my of ass and down my legs .
 i was sitting across the room from my husband, both of us playing on around on our phones, when i decided it would be a good idea to send him a naughty photo for him . i was feeling a little frisky, so i immediately opened up my text message icon and inserted the photo and sent the photo . After the photo was sent, i realized that the last person i texted was my very religious mother .
 In december 2012, i updated my r\u00e9sum\u00e9 a few month earlier and showed it to my friends to check spelling, grammar & everything else . When my contract actually ended, i just changed the dates of my last work experience : it was \"september 2011 - now\" and i changed \"now\" to january .
 The thread below from /r/askreddit made me think of this story . It's over 3,000 comments deep, but i still wanted to share the wisdom we gained that day without it getting buried . i'll break it into two parts, my own screw up, and the one the other guys did that made everyone forget about my drunken episode .
 After class, i decided to skip a shower and just do the ol' wet-my-hair-down-and-put-a-shit-ton-of-deodorant-on-to-make-it-seem-like-i-showered . After class i get a text from my new-ish hot girlfriend (almost a month) asking me if i wanted to go on a dinner date . She gets my man gravy for dessert if you know what i mean .
 i haven't drank alcohol for about a month for various reasons and i was very behind on sleep, but i still wanted to join them . The night starts off normal until i decide to stop mixing my drinks and pouring straight admiral nelson . i must have misjudged my tolerance and blacked out halfway through the night...which has never happened to me .
 This is my first time submitting a post to reddit, so bear with me as i no doubt make an arse of the formatting . WARNING: This post contains a lot of blood where it shouldn't be, and a detailed description of my penis-cleaning procedure . i like to use baby wipes to give the old cock a good wipe after taking a piss .
 Last night, by boyfriend and i got a pizza, and when we got back, i took the the pizza upstairs while he went to park the car . This is a dorm apartment, and the oven is half the size of a normal oven . The sides of the box that were touching the inside of the oven proceeded to burn, smolder, and catch fire .
 The lock mechanism in the drivers side door is screwed up so its really hard to unlock from inside so i unlock my door, get out of the car and shut the door behind me.  then thinking better of it, i decide to leave the door open a little so it doesn't randomly lock me out.  it was too late.  i was locked out of my car for 90 minutes, and the whole time the engine was running .
 This was on australia day but that wasn't long ago . i invented a new drinking game where you take your bottle of beer, hold it in your mouth and have to swim underwater to the other side and then finish it off when you submerge . It was awesome, went without a hitch! no pool water got in and i was a hero .
 As a part of our final independent study project (isu) each of us was to choose a pre-designed experiment that was deemed a 'magic trick' and perform it for a class of grade 9 students . My magic trick was called methane bubbles . I lit it on fire and this massive fireball radiated out along the ceiling, maybe 6 feet in diameter, i could feel the heat from it . Black water explodes out of the ceiling and starts spraying everywhere, the fire alarm goes off, as some people are getting sprayed with the mysterious black water, a panic ensues .
 Friend/occasional hookup partner kicked me in the balls, pushed me out of the room, locked the door, locked herself in the room . She was extremely germaphobic . She then kicked him out of her room and locked him in the bathroom . She had returned to her room while he was shitting and found his phone covered in shitwater .
 i was golfing, and a fat heard of mallards were relaxing by the green about 176 yards out. i have played this hole many times before, and am pretty confident i can hit the green. 'thwack' i send the ball off, my hands hurt from a slight vibration, which means my ball wasn't going where i wanted it to. all of a sudden i see a lone bird freak out, jump, try to fly, and then fall. He makes it to the water with his mallard friends, only to drop his head under the murky water, unconscious, to die .
 The story of october 19th started out six months ago with my group of friends at my school . It all started as an inside joke with me and my friends that james is gonna shoot up the school . xavier and austin ride the same bus home, so they sit together everyday on the ride home . A freshmen girl overheard them talking about it on the bus, and the police went to xavier's house and questioned him about it . The whole group was arrested for conspiracy to commit murder, and somehow, xavier ended up getting all the blame .
 The day before i had just finished my final huge exams for my degree, and wanted to blow off some steam . My friend is my best mate, and brings the super retard idiot out in me . The ultimate fuck up? me sending a picture bragging of stealing shit to everyone on snapchat including the girl who got me the job .
 Farts start shooting at at rapid fire echoing off the bowl making it ten times louder . i lost my state of mind and jammed my hand in the bowl trying to cover my poop hole like its some sort of plausible option and i can stop the gas leak . The deuce blasted my hand and i almost puked.
 An 18-year-old girl and her boyfriend had sex on a date at his house . His grandpa walked in on them while they were having sex . The grandpa was mad about the dog peeing in the bathroom . The boyfriend covered them up with a blanket to hide them from his grandpa's view .
 i was 13, it was the early 90's & so i decided to wear a [cropped shirt] sans bra since, well, i was not really in need of one yet . The ride operator asks me, \"all set?\" i reply with an emphatic, \"yep!\" and away i went upside down...with my shirt over my head .
 i am near sighted, and i can only recognize things by shape and color when i don't have my glasses on . i had forgotten that i had an ear wax dissolvent bottle that looked exactly the same shape and size of my eye drop bottle . i rushed to the bathroom and rinsed my eye out for a good 5 minutes . i still have a dull pain in my eye after a few hours, but its nothing i can't handle .
 Last friday my boss and i were practically the only ones in the still in the office after lunch so she allowed my to go home early, but offered to pay me for a full day . The following monday (yesterday) i received and email from the department that is responsible for paying me to approve last weeks online time card (i get paid by the hour) my timecard still showed me leaving at 1:00 on friday . i emailed them back saying to change my out time to 4:30 because my boss said it was okay . Fast forward to this morning, my boss tells me that she just got an angry call asking why she approved me to get paid for 3
 i was meeting my friend so we could watch a movie at her place, but i didn't want to just wait in my car, so i went down a side street to do a u-turn . i stopped a couple feet from a lightpost and  smashed the car and dented up my car .
 A massive mosquito comes out of nowhere and starts trying to make out with my face . Instead of using my dominant right hand in an attempt to swat the mosquito away, my dick is left to roam free . The mosquito disappeared so i'm covered in piss and paranoid so instead of enjoying my shit,  i had to erupt it from my ass .
 Bigwag91 started to fall for a girl that i met through a mutual friend . She breaks up with him a week after school gets out, she starts going out with her friend from back home who she \"wanted to go out before but didn't want to get into a ld relationship\" later hotgurl is talking to me alot giving little hints that i should have noticed but i couldn't muster myself together enough to take these hints .
 The story is an old story from high school . It was inspired from a memory deep in my subconscious . i got a piece of paper (from what i remember, this is the only writing i did all day) and a sharpie and wrote; help! bomb on bus! It led to my suspension; 1 week from school, 1 month from the bus .
 At 7:15am, my boss calls me and asks me why i'm not at work yet because of daylight savings time . She told me to be there at 8:00am, but my phone's clock decided to move itself an hour earlier . i was 30 minutes late to my first day at work, i didn't even know this happened .
 i have a lowest tolerance of all my smoking buddies, so when we were finished, they were all good, but i was feeling quite dizzy . as we were leaving, i started feeling worse and worse in the car ride and i felt as if my skin was melting and the car was going at light speeds . so i obliged, but thought, hey it would be a great idea to roll down the window first before throwing up .
 Yesterday was canadian thanksgiving, and instead of turkey we had raw chunks of prime beef with a pasty sauce comprised of dried hot peppers and whisky . Instead of turkey, raw meat was cooked with a hot sauce made with dried hot pepper and whisky, i got sick . After vomiting, i decided to be a dumbass and go to school no matter what . The toilet will be stained for days .
 The challenge was to eat 2 pancheros burritos in one sitting . i successfully ate both, but i, for some stupid reason, decided to get jalapenos on mine . i haven't stopped burping or farting since eating it, and my stomach is brewing something awful .
 i papercut my eye with about 15 pages of paper. i got to an optometrist right away, and was able to take [a picture of a picture of the damaged area. The yellowy bit is the damaged part of the eye. The photo is below .
 Last night i fell asleep after watching some porn and i hadn't touched my laptop since . Luckily i had made the effort of closing the actual porn website, but not the pop-up ads... so i had to clumsily close down three sexual pop up ads while my aunts, uncles, grandmother and great grandmother watched .
 An arc flash made up of 480 volts of electricity burned an air compressor into the main disconnect of a machine . The hole in the gun was the size of a .22 caliber bullet, and that could have been my arm, my leg, or even my chest . The doctor said i was lucky to just get a flash burn, all it is is a bad sun burn with a popped blister .
,
, [{"summary_text": " i puked everywhere. It was on my feet, on the walls, all up the side of the toilet and on the door . Luckily i had my phone in my pocket, so i messaged my partner for help . i actually felt slightly better so i got up off the toilet, flushed and went and sat by the bath whilst he cleared up the sick . The force of my retching, unfortunately, caused me to start shitting wildly again .
 Earlier today i left a pepsi in the freezer to cool off. i felt like drinking it later so i didn't think to move it to the fridge before i went to sleep. i just woke up about an hour ago and was ridiculously warm. The moment i touched it, it instantaneously froze. It was on the ceiling, in our cupboards and on the floor 10 feet away from me in our living room .
 Around 3 in the morning, i get this bright idea, \"if i shaved my balls, i wouldn't ever have to deal with it's nuisance again\" i then rinse and repeat, but this time, i decide to shave *upward* to make sure i get the little follicles out . apparently balls can't handle that, so with each and individual hair that is ripped from my crotch, little splotches of blood appear .
 It was 8am and it's the big spanish final i'd been cramming for; i figured i'd do pretty well after all the time i spent studying . After some time i finally get the test, and the first section is the listening section . The teacher would read a story aloud and we'd have to answer a multiple choice question about it . This stuff was easy to me, but she would reread each story before moving on, which gave me nothing to do for 3 minute intervals . Eventually it's like the 5th question, i'm sick of waiting and i just lay my head down on the desk until the next question .
 i was pulling an old flat-bed work truck from one of our fleet-customers, out of our shop . i backed it out of the garage bay, put it back in drive, started turning to squeeze it between the shop and the barn, and started to accelerate. bam. i clipped the corner of the barn . i was really embarrassed, and i was ashamed, so i just worked the rest of the day pretending it never happened .
 The system was meant to be used to help students in need of a new job . It was designed to make sure they got accepted by students . The system is now being used only to make calls to students who need to be called . It's been a long time since the system was set up, but it's still being used for students .
 i'm not trying to outdo any of the other tifu stories here, but this just happened to me five minutes ago . i was fortunate enough that no one saw me. i landed on my ass, and my head hit one of the legs on the chair . i quickly stood up and pulled them up, but apparently knocked my chair over backwards .
 i babysit up to 6 kids at any time, watching 2 children full time, but i get maybe 20 dollars every few weeks . After many weeks saved up enough to get some clothes i had been dying to get, i go online and pick out all the clothes i want during a great sale . i checkout, go through paypal because it's easier, and i don't have my own credit card . But the mailman (i'm assuming) shoved it into some tiny ass mailbox and gave it to whoever lives in that apartment now .
 The youngest son of my cousin is very hypertensive, like run here, run there, play here, and play there . at that time there are so many people and it is so easy to loss a kid (especially 3yrs old) then this kid suddenly loss in our sight . When she returned and ask us if we found him, someone whom behind me says \"no, no, he hasn't found yet\" then the little jerk inside of me suddenly came out without notice .
 Me and my dad usually have political arguments about gay marriage . When it gets down to this i usually flip shit . He literally says, \"well if we let the gays marry, then people are going to want to marry their car!\" i tried to correct myself with, \"they,\" but he just said yep .
 i got up after only about 3 hours of sleep to make tea for a Halloween party . One of the two dispensers we had been gifted for our wedding had a crack near the bottom of the dispenser . When i tried to move it, the bottom stayed put while the rest of the glass came free in my hands .
 i accidentally kneed my big brother in the middle of a fight in his room . He spent the next fifteen minutes lying on my bed in pain . i offered to let him kick me in the cooch or punch my boobs . Now he keeps faking me out, acting like he's going to kick me and making me flinch .
 After new years i'm looking for poon meanwhile carefully making sure i don't go near jailbait . The house owner who's my best friend really will stick out for me no matter what happens so i said, \"fck it.\" i talk to this girl downstairs and as it turns out she goes to a university close to mine . She was really cute but i began making up who i was because i didn't want her to know who i am . i said i'm 21 (i look really young, ugh) when i'm actually 20 .
 In mid-stream, the inevitable came to pass... the toilet seat fell from it's unstable towel-perch and slammed down on my dick . i don't remember much of what happened later, aside from falling asleep on the way to the hospital to make sure my dick wasn't broken .
 i used some of [this](http://www.amazon.com/unknown-daves-insanity-sauce) to give my tuna sandwich a little bit of a kick around an hour ago . come time for a trip to the bathroom prior to leaving for my shift, i discover that apparently still had some on my hands . unfortunately for me, my discovery came via my genitals lighting up like the vegas strip, burning up from that lovely capsaicin .
 i have dryer issues so by the time i was ready for bed i was still sheetless . i went downstairs to a closet where i keep a bunch of climbing gear and military gear and pulled an old sheet out of the bottom of the pile of shit that is that closet . i kept swatting at them and rubbing them together to make it stop but i continued fapping . then i notice an ant writhing around, obviously wounded by my scratching or leg rubbing, then i scratch my ass and realize i'm scratching an ant bite . i picked about 8 ants from the bed and i'm sure more were still in the sheet .
 The first sign up went bad, since not all my data was collected, and i got a call about it, so after 25 tries later, it went through . The 401k went through with a solid 1% contribution to a roth ira, with semi-annual increases by 1% topping out at 6% .
 i work midnights at a gas station so i'm the only one there on most nights . While getting ready with about 10mins until i had to leave i had the need to shit . i made the mistake of deciding to hold it until after work . i was able to make it to work and a few hours in my shift with mild discomfort .
 The social network is one of those odd social networks with weird names with double letters in unusual places . i got a friend request in the mail for one of them, but i got intrigued and clicked on a link . 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... luckily, not too many people at work said anything, but the day has just started...
 i'm a blogger and associate editor for one of the big lgbt politics & culture blogs . Yesterday i published a post about the hashtag #fuckcispeople trending on twitter, and it ended up being the last post of the day . Our style guide says that we don't use \"fuck\" or \"cunt\" as the subject of posts .
 i was there having an afternoon stroke, i finished up the job nicely as i've been away on holiday for 2 weeks the payload as to be expected was a lot larger than normal . so i finish up when all of a sudden i hear my mum coming upstairs so i quickly pull on my trousers and cover up in time . i look down and there it was seeping through like oil in the ocean causing my light grey jeans to go darker in a little patch in the jizz affected area .
 The sub has a lot of poop stories, but fuck it, here's one more . i usually poop very day, and recently, it's been getting increasingly difficult to get it out . i felt the familiar lump in my nethers that means it's time to drop one . The sub says he has vowed to never allow that to happen to him ever again .
 i love sunny d. it's sweeter than orange juice and reminds me of being a younger child . i got awful stomach pains after i finished the jug and proceeded to throw up . Two or three weeks later i bought some more at the store, thinking the last time i drank it and got sick was from something unrelated, and proceeded it drink it all in the same day again .
 i had just moved house to a lovely close knit neighbourhood and had about a million boxes of crap to sort through . in one of the boxes though i stumbled across my darth vadar rollerblades i had as a kid . i got incredibly nostalgic and tried them on right then and there. i haven\u2019t got any carpet laid down yet so there i was skating around my house going on a little nostalgia trip. after about 10 minutes i figured i should take them off but why not just keep them on?
 It's friday evening and i'm stuck in school in drama boosters . I was re-reading some attack on titan manga while everyone got on with their work . I walk in without checking and right there is my friend who was right in the middle of kissing his girlfriend . They freeze, i freeze. I mumble something about the lights and switch them off, leaving them in total darkness .
 Children were playing hide and seek when i stripped down to my bra to change my shirt for dinner . My 16-year-old nephew found him in the closet that i was just in . We are related by marriage, not blood, but by marriage . We're related to each other by marriage not blood .
 i passed out two hours before the feast and woke up two and a half hours after it started . i was still drunk and everyone could tell. i sat in the corner pigging out, ashamed of myself, consoled by my drunk friends and by the free beer .
 My pet hamster exploded in the microwave after being put in by my sister's three-year-old daughter . The girl threw the hamster into the microwave to warm her daughter up in the room . The hamster's blood, gore, and fur lined the window, with the bones jutting into the plastic frame of the microwave .
 i hadn't shaved pubic hair before, so the hairs were quite long . i tried going for it with the razor, but it wasn't working too well because the long hairs would get stuck in the blade . i decided to get some scissors and trim down the hairs first . After a few snips i suddenly felt a stinging pain in my ballsack .
 A warehouse picker dropped 20 pounds of books into a tote with the scanner in his hand . His arm recoiled back up and into his face, causing black spots on his face . The accident left him with a split line of his teeth on his bottom lip . He now has a permanent scar on his lip .
 An essay due for my english class was due yesterday and i worked on it the morning it was due, emailed the progress to myself and decided to finish it during my class break . But when i went back to the computer lab 3 hours later, they were still stuck in the computer .
 This woman is nearly 40, i'm 18, she's a friend of my boyfriend's family, she drove him to the hospital once when he busted his face open when he was 7 . She also happens to work with me . She sent me a long message about how rude i am, how i only think the video is wrong because i'm atheist . She called me a \"smart ass little know it all\" and told me that she had no time for my \"childish finger pointing\"
 The bread i used had an expiration date of about half a month ago . The next 3 hours were spent in the bathroom vacating everything within my system . i hadn't seen any mold on the bread so i figured i'd be fine . The bread had a 3am wake up call via lower intestine .
 i was at a fast-food place with my friend and there was a guy working the counter . i was jolted back to reality when i felt the cold slushie on my hand and looked down to see i had not only over-filled the cup, but flooded some of the counter and dumped it on myself . The guy from the counter had to come out with a mop and after apologizing i fled from the store .
 For the past six months i've been plagued by a terrible case of scabies . The next magic trick to get rid of the little buggers was to pour half a bottle of cayenne pepper into a hot bath . Within 45 seconds of lowering my itching body into the red vat of pepperous lava that awaited my delicate skin, my body exploded into the hottest and most painful thing i have ever experienced .
 In need of a change i decided to go from dark brown hair to a light blonde and bright orange colour combo . bleaching went fine albeit damaging to my hair but it'll recover . now comes the orange . not realizing just how concentrated this colour was when i dripped onto my shoulder i thought nothing of it left it for a second because i had gloves on . when i finished and went to wipe it off it revealed a three inch, misshapen, ejaculating penis .
 i have two roommates where i live and last night one of them wasn't home . me and my other roommate had a few drinks and, wow, what do you know: there's my roommates computer sitting in the corner . log in, mess with facebook. it's a bold move, but we had to see if it would pay off. we changed multiple parts of our dear roommates facebook page .
 An 18-year-old college student hid from his girlfriend's parents in her parents' house . Her mom and a nosy neighbor saw him walk into the house, knew her parents were out, and called her mom . Her dad came within inches of finding him and chaining him up in the basement . Her parents are not the average parents. They haven't accepted that so i wont be allowed to see her again .
 A woman who has ibs shits her pants a few times has had to make emergency stops at fast food restaurants, truck stops, and convenience stores . She gets lost and ends up in the busy bar district of a big city on a saturday night . Her husband pukes all over the side of the road and on the truck as she tries to drive home .
 My girlfriend and i are both 16 and this is my first major serious relationship . We've been \"official\" since february 26th and she's met my parents and i've met hers . She picks me up from school and we finished up some math and english homework together . We started making out more and soon enough she is riding me (we still have clothes on) and i start feeling her up her shirt when all of a sudden i see a dark figure out of the corner of my right eye .
 i'm in vacation in california, so as always we bring our surfboards and longboards . Today we were going to trestles, to get to the actual beach you have to hike a paved path(takes about 10 mins) so i bring my long board and ride it down no problem. when we were coming back (uphill) my flip flops keep falling off my feet so i took both of them off and went for it . After i made it back to ny car my feet burned and i could feel cuts all over it. by the time i got home there is a huge blister under my toes .
 i had been on the laptop, watching youtube videos, when i decided i should make a vine of me eating a pancake with a spoon . i panicked and try to clean up the mess with napkins, which partially worked . under later inspection, there is a protector in the keyboard, so we believe it may be the battery .
 For the past few classes this 8/10 has sat across the lecture hall from me . i was reading a post on r/4chan, link below, when all of a sudden i realized she sat next to me today . After a bit of silence, we start talking about 4chan, random class happenings, and the campus of which i took as the opportunity to apologize for the last class .
 The original tifu is scrawled on the tear stained inside cover of the book i was reading in the airport when i decided i should post this . The tl;dr first: The events that transpired took place on sunday morning but it has taken me this long to deal with the repercussions of said fuck ups .
 A police officer shouts at me and in my drunken state i thought i was in serious trouble so i ran . Then i turn back and see a bright fluorescent arm come from no where and i'm laid out on the floor . The officer was way back so i was like \"fuck yeah!\" then i turned back and was clothes lined by another police officer .
 i was at a party out at a friend's house and was the designated driver . The male of the couple has had a couple of mixed drinks so he's a wee bit toasted and we get to chitty chatting . He dares me to try and light my cigarette in the campfire, but i didn't even succeed in the dare .
 The girl had heard what i said, as my high estimate of the distance between us was quite poorly done, and thinking about it now, she was probably fifteen feet ahead . The girl uncomfortably turned around and looked at me, and just then, i stuck my tongue out as far as i could and used my fingers to scrape the ash off of it .
 i just got home from work, and decided to wash my cares away with a hot, cleansing shower . i felt inclined to listen to music while i showered, but i didn't realize this until i had already disrobed . alas! my laptop was in the kitchen, and it contained all my tunes . as i bent down to get it, i heard infantile screams echo across my apartment complex .
 The first time i've seen a porn star have been in trouble is when he gets his hands on his cock . The first blow is so hot that it shoots straight out of his face and into his face . The second blow is followed by a second, a third, and a third .
 i ended up having to bs 2 pages worth of multiple choice questions just to have time for to get the materials for an essay i struggled with . i even forgot to use my highlighter for the essay... and probably didn't even do superior on superior choice questions .
 i stay home a lot, because i get bad anxiety, and some days i just can't make it into school . When you haven't slept in 48+ hours, you don't get much work done in school . i'm going to fail all of my classes because of it, unless i can get some excused . i don't have doctors notes for that kind of absence .
 i'm a us navy sailor, which means i wear a uniform at work . This uniform has a hat (spoken \"cover\") associated with it, which i am not normally allowed to wear inside . The normal way to keep your cover with you for this uniform is to put it in a cargo pocket at your knee . Chief prefers that we tuck the brim of the cover into the back of our waistband .
 An easy way to cook is a crock pot recipe . The smell of mold in the pot was so disgusting that i decided to use it to clean it up . The pot was forgotten and it sat in the sink in a bath of dish soap and water for six weeks . The mold has since been cleaned up .
 i got a speeding ticket going 84 in a 70 on my way to school . i was saving for a nexus 5 because this current phone i have is mostly broken. i had been working so i could set aside car payments and gas money for the winter months on top of that . i'm not sure if i got the ticket because i didn't ask the officer at the scene to write my ticket down .
 i decided it would be a great idea to cut up an entire brick of cheese and eat it with chips and salsa on sunday.. worst idea i could have possibly imagined involving cheese...  sharp stomach pains, gas, bloating, this is some grade a constipation .  best part is i have a speech in the morning, i have this terrible feeling that the big, bad, brown snake is going to find it's way to the exit at the worst possible time .
 i woke up this morning and my phone notified me that ten emails, saying message not delivered . i was more focused on getting ready for the day, so i pretty much forgot about it . around 9 o'clock i got an email asking \"is this real or spam?\" this was when i remembered about those failed ten messages . an email had been sent to not just everyone in my contacts, but to every thread i have ever been part of in the last two years. most of the people i have not talked to in months .
 We're moving house but can't move directly into our new one . everything has to go into storage and friends houses by monday for a time . doing a look round of everything that can fit in my car in the space left was the brushes and mop. my so has not stopped going on about it.
 Back in college, i'm very helpful and also very annoyed when ignored when ignored, which is by far my biggest pet peeve . This wasn't today, but i just discovered this sub, so here goes here . Back to the page you came from: \"i am asshole. i will announce this to everyone\"
 i'm doing last minute work on the endocrin system for anatomy and physiology class and i'm grossing myself out by browsing the wtf subreddit . i feel my stomach rumbling and lean over to let a silent fart out. i lean over and fart again. this time it's worse. i lunge over toward my window to get quick relief when i feel something squirt out of my ass. i lay there, hand on the window and let out a chuckle of disbelief. i scold myself \"jesus christ you're an adult. an adult!\" i look back to survey the damage and see an oblong plate sized puddle of bright orange poop covering the surface of my
 Last night some friends and i got absolutely wasted. i woke up this morning to find that i missed my first class and had a test in an hour . i remembered that i had 2 36mg concerta that i was saving thinking that it would help my hangover and help my focus on my test . half way to school it starts kicking in. i get to class, sit down, start the test and my heart is pounding. i didn't know the material very well so i started to get a little anxious. i did pretty bad on the test to say the least, and felt terrible about how i got black out drunk on a school night instead of studying .
 The story's become part of my group's lore; gets brought up way oftener than i prefer . Thought the tifu community might appreciate it . So, here goes...  (massive wall of text alert) The story is about a girl who i get on pretty well with, not really part of the \"in\" crowd .
 My best friend is home for the first time in four months (she lives two hours away) so we decided to get super high . i get the sensation that i have to pee...i ignore it both because i am ridiculously high and my friend is telling a story...finally i get up to go to the bathroom, walk up the stairs and it happens....the flood gates open and the golden river flows .
 This is the story of a boy who threw up/shorted himself during a vomit attack . The story is from a friend of the same name . The author says it was the grossest thing that has ever happened to him . He says he spent the rest of the day with his head in a bucket and his ass on the shitter .
 A few months ago someone at my school committed suicide, the 2nd one in less than a month, obviously it was a very tough time for everyone . at his funeral, 2 kids were joking around (this may sound inappropriate, but it was appropriate, you'd have to be there) and one of them said \"everyone hates you!\" in a joking manner . i said (oh jesus...), \"careful, we don't want another one!\" both their faces immediately went serious and they walked away .
 The story goes back to a trip to the beach with my girlfriend and her mom . The story is about a girl who had a bad experience with her stomach . She says she is too afraid to admit she has a bad stomachache . The author of the story is afraid to confess to the story .
 There are two urinals in the head with a privacy divider in between . A gentleman is all ready using one, so i pull up in front to the other and start my business . A rather loud audible shaking sound is heard then i felt something on my hand . The guy shook his snake so damn hard that he slung **at least** one drop of his urine over the privacy barrier .
 i had to get up to go to the bathroom but instead of going and making my business i found myself staring at a horrible starshaped mark made by my wetness . i wanted to clean it up but since my the whole family is going to celebrate my sister's birthday i realized that i couldn't make it in time. so... awkwardly enough one of my relatives will sit on the other side of the cushion .
 Every time i go to this house i have to crap - can't explain that - but anyways, today i was there and, again, i had to drop one badly . So as usual i go up to the third floor master bathroom and have myself a seat . Just then i hear a commotion downstairs and somebody is here while i am pooping in the master bathroom . It is a real estate agent there to show the place .
 Tifu by not drinking enough water (for several days in a row) i'm on new medications that each severely dehydrate me . During the summer i had no problem downing a bottle of water and peeing every hour or so . But now that school is back in session i'm not able to do that anymore .
 If you're anything like me when it comes to brushing your teeth, you may find the task boring . i attempt to multitask while brushing, which usually extends the action . i was about 10 minutes into the brushing when the incident occurred . The contents of my mouth (at least 2 fluid oz at this point) shot straight up, striking my nose and covering the mirror / faucet / wall .
 An ex-girlfriend lives about an hour from his frat house \"home\" She strips naked, lays down and spreads 'em . She comes (tornado tongue ftw) and she comes . i panicked, made an excuse about not taking medication (which was true - it was a last day so i'm sure i didn't die)
 i'm on the swim team. i'm not one of the good swimmers, but i still go because it's a good way to exercise. i was like \"haha wow shit my nose hurts, that'd suck if i got a nosebleed\" But then, 3 minutes later...the niagara falls of nosebleeds is coming out of my face. awkwardly, i quickly walked (don't run on the deck, children) to my towel and proceeded to bleed all over that.
 \"i've been trying to convince myself that i'm not romantically interested in girl, despite the fact that i've caught myself looking at her in a way that i typically reserve for lovers . She's the kind of girl that wears her heart on her sleeve, essentially, and that's a very endearing quality to me because it helps me associate with my own emotions . i'm a habitual fuck-up when it comes to anything involving emotions or expressing myself .
 i teach english abroad and this had been a topic of conversation in a hostel dorm room for several people . i was told to stop bullying her, that i denied her the right to lay in her bed . She went into this rant about how all english teachers do is rape their children, rape their students, rob their host countries .
 i've always been pretty terrible at writing and reading in general which is why i am a science major . The reason i suck at writing analytical essays is because i can't analyze text . My paper was only 800 words so its basically not even a college paper . The same week it was due i had 3 very difficult midterms for my major .
 After hours of the remolding i decided to take a shower with no relief from the pain of my ass crack . i've never had a problem with insulation itching so i went at it bare handed . i grab the shower head and shove it in my ass. cold water. no relief. No relief.
 i was babysitting and i had to use the bathroom, so i noticed that the toilet bowl was a little more full than it probably should've been . When i flushed the toilet it started filling with water but not draining . i grabbed a cup from the counter and started scooping water out of the toilet and into the sink . When the sink was full too, i realized the fucking sink was clogged also! so i started pouring it into the shower .
 In a panic, i try to get a piece of rubber out of my ear with a pair of tweezers . After 2 1/2 hours of trying to get it out, i was told it was going to be a long recovery time . The next day, two girls were in a hospital with a broken arm and bloodied stomach .
 i'm a bit of a slob, but generally the only time i make my bed is when i first put on a fresh set of sheets . As i lay there in the dark, my thoughts turned to an old crush whom i hadn't thought of in a while . i imagined taking her back to her place after a date and giving her a passionate good-night kiss at her door . i decided to adjust my masturbation technique and decided to rub and gyrate on the bed sheet that was crumpled up there and started doing my thing . i noticed that one part of the sheet was cooler than the rest of the rest .
 i [21m] work at a media corporation, and i was working on a high school sports story about a notable team of cross country girls . i was talking to the coach, and he was speaking about one of the girls in particular who is a star athlete, the second fastest in our state .
 A small piece of poop was apparently acting as a plug to stop what i can only describe as a torrential downpour of diarrhea from flowing out of my butt . with its removal, i released said diarrhea that had been churning and groaning inside of me like a particularly upset fetus all over my seat, floor, blankets, baggage and sister .
 i have depression and anxiety issues, and i'm also being tested for bipolar disorder . This weekend happened to be one of the ones that was on the downward swing . i used alcohol to cope with the depression and anger creeping inside me . i am quite upset that i ruined a good looking relationship, and now i don't know what to do with myself .
 A long while ago in the middle of the night i needed to go to the bathroom so i got up and started heading to the potty . There was a laundry basket just sitting there and i tripped over it and hit my head on the side of the door frame . The next day i got 9 stitches in my forehead .
 Yesterday (wasn't today but close enough), i was sitting in my dorm room just doing some homework . out of the corner of me i see a mosquito that has probably been the one pissing me off at night so i had a rush of adrenaline . After a few attempts to clap it between my hands with little success, i wait for it to land on the wall and slam it as hard as i can . for some reason i yelled, \"welcome to america, bitch!\" as i slammed it. well, i forgot that an international student from china lives in the room next to me .
 During the summer, my mom wanted me to get out of the house more, since we had just moved in town . So, i decide to start going to my local gaming store to play some magic: the gathering (a card game) one day, i decided to stop at the nearby gas station for a drink .  about halfway home, my deck box decided to lodge itself between the shock and the wheel of my front tire, locking up the front wheel . Luckily, nothing worth anything was damaged .
 Newlywed sister and husband are staying at our parents' house for the week . My brother-in-law had turned on my stereo for whatever reason . The sound of my speakers ignited with the sounds of a very nice lady getting absolutely wrecked by some big cock . My dad freaked. He ran to my room, my brother in law was trying to turn the sound off but somehow turned the monitors on .
 i was advised by one of the other runners to never drink milk the day of a meet . This morning i ate some cereal and there's milk in that. lunch comes around i drank like 8 pints of chocolate milk (whole other story) i got a pretty good time of 21:34 on the 5k and just rush to the porta-potty .
 At 6 pm, i start to feel hungry and because i can't cook food for sh**, i do the next best thing... order pizza . After 45 minutes of deciding, i order a papa john's pizza for $10 including shipping . 15 minutes later, i feel the urge to use the bathroom and get the money from my desk and pay the man . The pizza is supposedly being delivered in around 30 minutes . The man gets closer to the door, i struggle to close the window and it knocks a vase from next to the window .
 Dental floss is a way to get rid of skin tags by tying them around them . It cuts off oxygen until it dies and falls off . The next day i realized the floss and the skin tag were gone . Luckily, luckily we've been together for a few years and he didn't judge me too much over it .
 The recipe for rice krispy treats' recipe calls for 1/4 cup of butter, but butteryasfuck wants to make a half batch . The recipe states that 1 stick of butter = 1/2 cup, 1 cup of chocolate chip cookies require 1 cup . Butteryasf says he doesn't remember to half the butter in the recipe .
 i just moved last week and today i noticed my furnace pilot light had gone out . After trying to light the pilot per the instructions on the unit with no luck, i decided that it might be dust causing low gas flow . So i took out a can of compressed air used for cleaning electronics and blew out much of the dust in the burner area . Now i have first degree burns on my right hand and forearm all the way up to the elbow .
 i think they call this the quarter-life crisis thingie now? i wanted to come home for a multitude of reasons and i did today . My mother came to visit me earlier this week, with the express purpose of riding with me on my return journey . She wanted to torture me with her barbra streisand records, thus destroying any possible hopes of an enjoyable road trip .
 In religion studies (a compulsory subject at my school) some idiot was supposedly having a spasm and said he was having an orgasm, not knowing the difference . i was on my commute home from school talking to my girlfriend about how school was (we're in different grades) and i started telling her about the horrible mistake the kid made and it ended up turning into a mistake of my own .
 i hadn't eaten since around 9 am central time central time, it was now 6 pm mountain time . i was hungry and decided to buy a convenience store pizza and cantaloupe melon . After 15 minutes down the road, i've downed the pizza and milk and now it's dessert time. i take a bite out of the melon and think, this tastes weird... i flip the label up, high fructose corn syrup is the third ingredient . i continued to eat the shit. it tastes funny still but i am chalking it up to the hfcs. It was all over within two minutes, my nausea was gone .
 This article is a weekly look at iReporter's daily look at the back of the page . This week, we feature a look at some of the most important things in the world that need to be readjusted to the page of this week's Daily Sketch . This article includes a photo from the gallery .
 Since i have a job, i can afford to make my cannon a bit more industrial . This includes a push-button barbecue igniter to light it off . Every time i press the button, i get a twinge and sharp pain in my fingers . Eventually i realized that my hand position was what was causing the current to jump across my hand .
 i don't know how to open a bottle of wine, i wasted my money, time, and energy, and i didn't even get the fruits of my labor . When i filled my glass, however, the glow of my success faded: the wine was filled with particles of cork .
 i feel like a complete asshole for this situation and would honestly deserve it if everyone found out . i can only assume that my roommate heard it all. whether he did or not, i feel absolutely terrible and will be apologizing to him as soon as i see him next. The whole ordeal is going to change the way i talk (and think) about others .
 i bought a sony vaio e series back in march that was suppose to come with sony imagination studio programs . went to the store and they said to call sony customer service . The store told him to call 1 (800) 457-2740 for tech support on his computer . He then proceeded to show him all these viruses and trojans that are in my system,that he put there!!!
 After a great day at the mall with my sister, we decided to end our trip with some 25 cent candy . As i placed the first one in my mouth hole, a slight moment of germ-a-phobia was brought on . The candy burst with extreme sour with every bite, leaving a sore in the back of my mouth .
 My roommate was out doing stuff with their family and i was washing my laundry with nothing clean to wear, and having just got out of the shower and dried myself i wanted to play some video games . i fired up the tv and started playing a game thinking that my roommate would be gone all day and wouldn't walk in on me .
 i'm mindlessly picking bugs out of cups and putting them into other cups when i come across this one insect that is holding onto this leaf strangely tighter than usual . After 30 seconds or so of trying to gently pick this insect off with my tweezers i get frustrated and give it a good hard pull, right as i realize that it isnt holding onto a leaf, its holding onto another insect, mating . The insect came off with it's dick still attached to the female and no longer attached to it's body .
 i went to 7elven to get smokes and an ice coffee, no big deal, except i was kinda high which made me paranoid and kinda clumsy . i'm standing at the ice coffee machine beside a guy and his maybe 12 year old son while they get big gulps . me being the stoned idiot i am, i start the flow of deliciousness into my plastic cup with out adding ice . i pushed the cup against the ice release and all hell breaks loose . including the kid standing right beside me .
 A bird flew into my windshield, scaring the shit out of me, almost causing me to drive myself into a ditch . Along our hike out, there is a tent set up, some woman walks out buckass naked, she screams, and a midget runs out of the tent wielding a knife that was longer than his forearm .
 When i was 14, my greatest fear was trying to find the bathroom in a friends house in the middle of the night, but at the time i was to scared to so i decided to piss right there in the shorts he gave me . Luckily i maned(?) up and fixed it by taking the shorts off and using them or suck up all the pee .
 i go on walks, long walks. during these walks i always bring a water bottle, or two, and drink constantly . Usually this isn't a problem, but today i felt adventurous and decided to walk all way to the other side of my neighborhood. no problem, i've done it thousands of times. just not with a full bladder .
 Aged 18, my grandfather left behind a car behind when he died . The deal was that provided i would drive my little sister to and from school every day, i could use the car untill i moved out of the house . Two years later, i decided to wash it up using a washcloth and soap .
 i had just come home from the gym, said a quick 'hi' and hopped in the shower to show the house to some family friends . i planned to simply chat with all them for a quick few minutes after showering and smoking (it had to be right then, because the post-gym blaze is just amazing) so i got my bong ready to go, just when i heard them coming down the stairs to the floor my room is on, i thought 'oh, i totally locked the door because i just took a shower and i'm naked right now' i decided to not double check the lock, and continue with his bong hit .
 An ex-boyfriend's friend tried to kill herself, but she died 11 hours later . The friend's brother is a good friend and a good guitarist, but he's not a good enough to play guitar . He tells his friend: \"she'll make it, motherfucker. She'll die\"
 Tifu is a male student in a history class that focuses on women . The teacher is a hard core feminist, and i am one of like three guys in the entire class . My every last assignment before finals my teacher gave me a c on assignment putting me at an 88%. i figure it must be a mistake and that'll i\u2019ll just go to her office hours to change it . i plead my case for getting a better grade . she tells me to come in on monday at a certain time to remind her i am not taking the final . As i go to get them i accidently pull out the bag of condoms with the rest of my stuff .
 i had eaten two entire buckets of buffalo wild wings, and had to drop a massive care package about an hour into the visit . i planned on holding it until after the meal, but the oncoming storm of chocolate rain refused to be held back . i could hear the sounds of fidgeting and discomfort coming from the other room, and by the end i felt embarrassed .
 i was a college freshman at the time, and was leaving a marching band rehearsal when my car broke down . Instead of grinding my cig out on the curb like i meant to, i instead stubbed it out on my bare knee . The girls turned, saw me, died laughing, and i got a nice little burn scar on my leg that i still bare today .
 i am a very athletically built man, 6'3\" and 220 lbs. so there i am looking to impress the little four year old i'm babysitting . i get up to the diving board, and i plan on doing a front flip like i have performed a million times . But alas, today is no normal day my friends, for fate had another idea in mind . i am immediately followed with grief for i totally destroyed it, and the kid i am babysitting says, \"it's your fault!\"
 A co-worker knocked a spray bottle off a trolley into the oven . Flames shot out of both the entrance and exit of the oven, sparking a smoke alarm . The manager was on the shitter when this happened so out-she-comes wondering what all the commotion is .
 After a long period of planning today is the day i was going to plan a flight to amsterdam for my friends an i.u.i. had planned on sorting the flights and passport details at around 8.m. there's 6 of us and only 2 actually answered the phone . i finally get around to do the last 2 and they both have double barrel names, so of course i completely forgot and only put down their last name .
 The man who exclaimed \"who the fuck is titler?\"'s dad had been some freedom fighter in ww2 and was really offended . The upper management guy was worried that i was a neo-nazi or something like that, he told me not to use my personal computer at work . i got a warning, and that is all .
 In one of my classes, (community college) we had a take home exam, and i swear that in the email that had the questions and in class my professor said it was due at 2:30 . i get to class at 3, after doing some double checking of my answers, only to find that my professor's door was not only closed & locked, but had the light off . i email him, explaining the situation and asking if there is anything i can do . at this point, i'm just praying he doesn't give me a zero .
 This was last night, but i went ahead and posted it anyway . Her parents don't know that she's having anybody over while they're out of town . Her older brother was throwing a house party that night with his girlfriend . The whole house was trashed. vandalism on the walls, vases broken, and her cabinets smashed in .
 i recently moved away from this town i had lived in for a few years, and before i moved i decided i wanted to spend one final movie night with this girl who i had a major crush on . She freaks out, jumps up, grabs her phone and basically says \"that's not what i want out of this\" then she quickly tells me that she hopes i like my new town, and runs out . i've sent her a few texts, but all she replies back with are your standard fare \"okays,\" and \"i sees\"
 There was a soccer tornament on monday and everyone was tired so i offered to hook up my laptop . The only movie i had was starship troopers, so it came to the communal shower scene and the vice principal walked in he jumped the immediate conclusion that it was a porno and immediately took my computer . Luckily the principal was who we expland to (it's a small school so the principal knows everyone and is very understanding)
 The prankster saran wrapped a chair out of a secretary's desk in an office that has a few of the higher up managers in that area . The manager of the three in that office was livid and contacted security to video mine to see who had done it because it was a \"breach of security\", and i should not have been inside. The custodian who propped the door open is also going to get spoken to for \"letting me in\" when she mentioned it to her manager and did what she was supposed to .
 Ex-boyfriend dropped off to give me a lift home from the bus station . She then proceeded to go in to great detail about how her and roger where doing it so hard that the seat got covered in all sorts of human baby making love juices . At this point i had to hold in a mouthful of sick as i realized i had not looked at the seat as i sat down .
 i had a nice seafood dinner this evening consisting of crab, scallops, and shrimp . Everything seemed fine when i finished eating (my stomach grumbled a bit, but it's to be expected since i don't eat seafood very often). A few hours later i feel my stomach start to grumble and i'm sitting at my computer watching some netflix and enjoying a snack .
 i am in charge of waste management in the supermarket i work at, so part of that job is emptying the bins . As i reached for the bag, my foot slipped off the side of the bin and i went straight in . luckily the only fresh waste in there was produce, and i landed standing up on a large patch of lettuce leaves .
 i was told to wash a rug today that had a rubber backing on it and was extremely gross . i asked if it needed to be washed with the hose outside but was instead told that it could be thrown directly in the washing machine . The sanitize setting on my washer uses super hot water so it peeled the rubber backing right off the rug . i didn't peel it off in big sections but instead, in tiny pieces. this naturally plugged the drain .
 i was outside cutting the grass when i stopped to bag the grass clippings . i heard the phone ring inside, but didn't think anything of it since it would go to voice mail . i then proceed to finish the grass. my dad comes outside (yes i live with my parent) to talk and what-not. i decided to get some drinks, so i head inside and the phone rings again. this time, this time from my step-mom. so i answer, talk to her, then go to hang up. that's when i see the blinking voice mail light. i went to listen to it and it starts out.. \"this message is for rrims.
 i posted this in a very dead thread a while back . It took me a long time to write, but i'm posting it here too . i was just learning to ride a skateboard when i broke my arm in 2011 . i have a photo, will upload upon request upon request of request .
 i laugh now about it. i was making dinner tonight when my eye itched. like any normal human i rubbed it with the back of my hand. the problem: my hands were full. in the one was uneatable vegetable matter, in my dominate hand were some green onions . i somehow managed to rub my eye with the end of the onions as well .
 The worst part is that it was all for nothing because i dropped the class a few weeks later . This was one of a lot of fucks up from my freshmen year of college . It was my first quarter in college and i had an exam in my business law class which was at 8 am (i had no choice in taking)
 A few days before last week, i was having a conversation with my friends as usual . In our little conversation, a need to shout to phrase \"f*** the police\" ran through my head and i went with it . As we were walking past a deli, my spanish teacher peeks out of the store and reprimands the group . The most awkward moment of it was when i bent down and apologized quietly .
 A college student was attacked by a student who tried to steal a package of valentines day candy from him . The incident occurred on a campus campus in one of the busiest buildings on campus . The student says he tried to choke him in a rear naked choke . The police officer says he could be arrested for applying \"deadly force\" in the form of the choke .
 This is a little story about the second time that i ever sharted . This happened a couple months ago, but i haven't told anyone because talking about sharts will probably not get me a girlfriend . i've tried to forget it and move on, but just like indiana jones 4... it haunts me .
 After a month of saving up to pay a super speeder ticket, i was finally out of debt (with *only* 6 points on my record) and had some money to spend . The car came with the rod unbolted from the engine bay and just sits in the trunk instead of the engine .
 You never feel truly vulnerable until you are barfing up everything you've eaten in the last 6 hours with no way to call for help . i've had a runny nose for the past 2 days. No problem. just use a whole bunch of tissues . Until tonight, i ate a bowl of milk and cereal .
 Back in third grade there was a girl,  lets call her \"kelly\" who had a chronic skin rash which i now realize was probably plaque psoriasis . After 4th grade she left our school and began home-schooling because she couldn't take it . It even got so bad as she tried to cut her arms with safety scissors in a desperate attempt to be sent home from school .
 A late 20\u2019s, 5\u20197\u201d, lean with muscles, getting nicely drunk at a house party that i don\u2019t know the hosts, or their friends, but i was invited by a stranger at the first party i was at... i rolled in with no beers as i had no money . After fighting through tightly packed bodies i find you making your way to the meeting spot . i realize it\u2019m going to be a very exciting night for you and me; you like beer. But your robust drinking style makes up for any otherwise dealbreakers as i eye-lock you across the crowded kitchen .
 The author drank two gatorade bottles of water in the last hour and a half of the workday . After leaving work, he was feeling the effects of the water, and needed to piss badly . The bathroom at a McDonald's was locked and the door was locked, so the bathroom was open . A janitor in a janitor bucket filled with dirty water was in a secluded corner of the restaurant .
 i was sipping on a hot chocolate because hey, it's cold. because it's the evening, and i'm an idiot . My cat is sat on the back of the sofa silently (unknown to me) watching the street outside, there are gasworks being done outside and they're packing away all the machinery into a container that they've put out down the road . Something freaks the shit out of my cat, being the skittish old bitch she is, and she jumps down off the sofa. she gets her claw caught in the fabric which freaks her out more. mid sip, she makes me jump spilling the grainy hot chocolate eveywhere. i look down.
 My great grandfather is 94, really ill and close to dying . i drove across the us to see him yesterday and all night, haven't slept since monday night . i'm standing in the hall outside his room in front of the nurse's desk and i tell his wife \"i feel like death\". her jaw drops at my stupidity .
 i was vacuuming everywhere! behind my desk, my bed and **on** the desk as i come by some old tissues i hid from when i had the \"sniffles\" and decided to vacuum that shit too . The vacuum started making crazy noises and the pressure went off the charts . suddenly it stops and starts to smoke... a lot! so i unplug it and throw it out in our driveway and pour water over it . my mum was already there and started to check it out .
 An empty glass was left on top of the toilet after a few beers at a bar . Later on i went back to the same stall and the glass was empty . i can't say for sure it was my friend, but i all of the sudden realized upon seeing the empty glass that my friend will sometimes drink wounded strangers .
 This is the first date i've ever been on, yes with anyone, and i'm not sure how attractive this girl is because i've only met her once . We go out to lunch at a really well known restaurant that's pretty cheap, and it goes ok . Then we go back to her dorm and hang out with some guys i know and we all hang out and everything goes well . Then some guy comes up and is like \"yo lets go pregame this party that we're all going to tonight\" so why not drink? well for starters i'm 150 pounds and secondly i may or may not be under 21, but yolo i like alcohol why not .
 Ben's great grandma broke her femur a while back and can't walk . His girlfriend, caitlyn, has a pretty bad memory and sometimes calls me dennis (my dead uncle, not me) She's 93 and weighs about that much and has a bad memory . She says \"wasnt her name rachel the other day?\" He says \"who the fuck is rachel?\" She didn't believe him .
 i was watching tv, being generally lazy after putting the kids to bed and decided that during the next commercial break i'd go get my nightly snack . i remember opening the cabinet with my left hand, reaching in with my right hand to grab the delicious fiber brownie goodness, and then i remember a feeling of euphoria and being very comfortable, like i'm laying on clouds.  so i open my eyes and i'm staring at the ceiling, having somehow ended up on the kitchen floor .
 The story follows the story of a man sexting a member of the opposite sex for the first time . The author of this article has not made eye contact with his father since he left the room and has not been making eye contact since . The story is the work of a young man who was sexted by a man in his spare .
 i grabbed the wrong cup and took a big sip of some grease . i immediately started freaking out and spit it out in the kitchen sink . luckily, it had cooled down so i didn't scorch my mouth . i went to the local gas station to grab a cheap drink that came in a styrofoam cup .
 13-year-old me cooked ravioli in a toaster oven 8ish years ago . It was a wedding gift to my parents' wedding gift . My family still bitches about the shitty toasters weve had ever since and my mother still teases me about ruining her floors .
 The cock was dangling from his trousers when he was summoned to a senior officer's office . The officer, the sergeant major and the adjutant who is in fact a woman, giggles and leaves the room as i stand to attention . The next day i get transferred to another company .
 My parents left me home alone for a week while they where in las vegas, so of course i tried to do what any teenager left home alone would try to do, have a huge party . We moved almost everything that was breakable into siderooms, even some of the furnature. The doors to those rooms where then locked, with the key inside, the only way in, unscrew the door handel. We had lists with all the guests, as to make sure nobody extra got in. people from different schools all over town where coming, and it was like being a king. Not fifty minutes in, whilst i was outside making a phone call, my neighbour unlocked
 i've been in a pretty serious relationship with a great guy for about 5 months now . The boyfriend is suspicious. He knows that my texts didn't add up. he knows something went down last night but doesn't know what . i felt like it was too late to back out, that it would be easier for me to just finish the job than to get away at that point. i am scumbag stacy. i hate myself and i want to die.
 The other girl, let's keep her unnamed, is in 8th grade but had to start a year late because of birthday . After seeing a facebook post about her self harm, i'd message her and try to help her out . over the next two days, find out she still likes me. She thinks i'm cute, i'm funny (we've never talked until now), and is basically obsessed with me .
 The moment the hand wipe made contact, it felt like someone had lit a molotov cocktail in my ass . Hand sanitizing wipes are extremely alcoholic in content, to be exact . Hand wipes have a soft, moist feeling of relief, whereas baby wipes have an alcohol content over 65% .
 i decided to take a little trip to the coast in italy, travelling alone so unfortunately nobody to help me keep my head screwed on . It started with a quiet sunset beer, absolutely stunning setting in a fairly sleepy town . cut to 3 hours later and i'm left with a group of italians we'd also met that evening but slowly realising i'm losing the ability to speak in either language . i decide to be 'sensible' and head back to the hostel at this point before i make things worse . i climb into bed, and obviously everything starts spinning. crashing down from the top bunk .
 Today i decided to have a lazy day, basically lounge around in a shirt and shorts doing nothing apart from watching films . i hear a knock on the door and stand up to answer it forgetting that i am wearing shorts with buttons on the front . i open the door to find a neighbour from across the road . She has known me since i was a baby and does a lot of stuff for the church .
 After physical therapy for my left knee, i reached for my favorite analgesic called biofreeze . Biofreeze uses this menthol combination that you roll onto sore or achy parts of your body which creates this cooling effect and promotes blood flow to the area . i applied a generous portion of the analgesic to my sore area and immediately starting to feel the cooling sensation .
 My mom wanted a specific kind of mosquito repellent that she could only find on amazon. Since i have amazon prime, i said i would 2-day ship it to her house so that it could be there in time for the festivities. Also, last fall, my now ex-girlfriend was moving to a different city for work while i finished up my masters .
 Teenage dentist stabs his gums, stabs teeth, then polishes them with a buffer thing . All of his teeth but one have cavities in them, and he has to come in five more times to get fillings . His parents are unemployed, so he'd go get a dentist himself, but they live too far out of town .
 The warranty has expired and cannot be extended . The bottom screen has started working again but glitched out and stopped working entirely on one occasion,i'm just gonna put it in rice and hope for the best . i will probably go without Pokemon X and y or the smash bros 3ds i was so looking forward to unless i manage to make up the money for either a. a fix or another 3ds .
 A few months ago, i went to go help my friend with his film project . i needed to carry a lot of stuff on me, so i carried it around in a backpack . When i arrived at bangkok, where i'd have a quick stopover before taking a connecting flight to chiangmai, i was faced by a cursory bag inspection . Suddenly the attendant gets this surprised look on her face, then pulls two realistic-ish looking toy pistols out of the front pocket of my bag .
 i was walking back through Edinburgh city centre and i saw a man with a cup of coffee with no lid, and he was sitting on the ground . i felt around in my pockets for some loose change and found a few coppers . i went over and put them in the coffee cup, only to realise that he had coffee in it and that he wasn't even homeless, he was waiting for someone .
 A few people from a post i submitted on this sub a while ago wanted to hear another story about the music department . This is the first story about pissing behind a school piano . The story is about the time i said my music teacher's husband has ed ed ed .
 i am big time enthusiast fish keeper. i have about 5 aquariums in my home, but i have to maintain several other containers as quarantine tanks and breeding tanks . When i checked the schedule on the tank, i had somehow managed to push it back behind the [zebra danios](http://www.seymourfish.com/images/fish_freshwater/pearlgourami1)
 i've recently started seeing this guy, i know he;s liked me for a long time, but i only recently realized that i actually really like him . we're hunkering down for a night of movies and alcohol as per usual when he suddenly drops it. he's like, yeah...i think i think i love you. completely caught me off guard, i was honest with him, i'm not to that point yet . next thing i know my phone is ringing, he went out to get something or other and his clutch slipped and his tires squealed and somehow this is something a cop can pull you over for .
 i'm friends with one of the chefs at ku, where i'm currently at, who is clinically depressed and is suicidal . i see the depressed chef making a pizza, then look at me. i feel extremely bad right now. i don't know what to do. i just realized how loud i said that .
 i'm at a halloween party and i was feeling a little parched, so i ended up on a quest to wet my whistle . turns out the punch is going down my hand and back into the bowl . i've been petting the dogs since i got here and my hands are less than clean. the kitchen was full but i don't think anyone saw it happen, i feel dirty. everyone is drinking a little \"me tea\" right now.
 2x2tb wd green drives, both of which were pretty full, were missing from the system overview . After a lot of work i have managed to recover about 600gb from one of the drives . still haven't gotten anything good off of the other one yet .here is a recreation of what happened .
 i don't know if this is a major fuck-up yet but i decided to post it here anyway . It starts pretty harmless with me sleeping in my room at around 11:45 am, when suddenly my sister comes bursting in, rudely waking me up and yelling: \"augenmann, get up! lunch is ready!\" i decided what the heck, i have enough time, i'll take my phone with me . i'm standing there with my phone in my hand, reading stuff on reddit suddenly that little fucker decides to slip outta my fingers and go directly for that pee in the toilet .
 The relationship started less than 2 weeks before and we planned to go camping because none of us had in a while . It was just the both of us and we had fires, caught crawdads, had drinks, etc.  at the end of the drunk night, i accidentally call her by my ex's name and then she broke . she went off to use the rest room and i left the campsite and went to some unlit backtrail to grasp wtf i had just done . i'm there for a while kicking the sh*t out of myself for being such an idiot . she somehow finds me and gets me to come back to the tent and sleep . we're still
 After having a pee boner, i decided to arc the pee slowly into the sink . As i am pinching the \"hose\" to keep the pressure down, this is whee things go bad. i start to feel pressure building, then starting to sting/burn. so i let the flow go to max capacity. The stream shots up in the air, and goes on me, and all over the sink and mirror .
 The man i called out in the heat of the moment was a coworker who i am not even interested in . The man's feelings are still a little hurt but he was very understanding for the most part and has agreed to let the whole thing go . i still feel like an asshole, but as a lot of you have said, accidents happen .
 After reading a post here about spilling acetone on some genitals, i was reminded of a night when i screwed up pretty bad . i've been a nail biter since i can remember . Every now, every now, then i'll paint my nails to try to elude myself from chewing them off . After a night of some nail chewing, the polish i had on got all chipped and gross looking .
 i work as a server/manager at a fine dining italian restaurant . One of our regulars, a barfly really, always told me she wanted to do something with my hair . Finally i give in . \"sure, i'm growing out my hair a bit, but you can put a few light highlights in my hair to lighten it up\" The next day i call her up and arrange to meet her at her place . She had me kneel beside her filthy toilet and put my head under the tap in her bathtub . All i could say was \"umm, its neat\"
 i have a nalgene bottle that i usually take, but for some reason i really wanted a styrofoam cup of ice water . The desks in the classroom are standard college desks, which are pretty small . i take notes on my laptop, and decided to set the cup on the edge of my desk . i'm a pretty careful person, and also kind of overly protective with my electronics .
 At the end of the night, my roommate yelled at me to clean up the smell of gas from the shop . It took him several hours to get it all cleaned up but we didn't have to deal with any cops . The gas company sent someone out to check the electric meters and was on his way . A tow truck picked up the bike and took it to the repair shop .
 i have been obsessed with reading the top r/nosleep posts of all time . i have a girlfriend who aspires to be a writer and is into horror movies so i figured i would send her one of my favourite series-posts . i recommend it to those who aren't squeamish .
 The hubs had said last night he wanted to sleep in this morning so he could stay up later tonight to watch football (go chiefs!) so i let him rest while i laid in bed finishing a book and surfing reddit for a bit . When i tried to get up to go pee i had quite a solid case of vertigo and bounced off the wall a few times getting to the toilet . i didn't think anything of it, like i said it happens. around noon, i wake him up to get some breakfast and some snack supplies for the game .
 At 9:30am, i was having a wonderful dream, but my alarm woke him up to find ants all over his bed . At 10:40am, a recruiter calls him to pick him up for a job interview . The interview begins, and suddenly i have no english. Suddenly i can't remember what i'm qualified in, what experience i have, who i've worked for, where i grew up .
 i've already spent some time in the bathroom emptying my bowels of the nastiest, smelliest feces with a consistency that ranges from watery to 'fruit on the bottom' yogurt . This is all because i didn't read the labels on the damn box, and found the culprit .
 This is for a course in one of my last semesters of college and it ends probably today . To make a long story short, the project required us to also hand in a user manual to go with the project directly by hand to the professor . i'm just goddamn hoping the professor lets me turn the physical copy in tomorrow morning .
 The fleshlight is a \u00a359 sex toy bought for my 18th birthday . It is now covered in mold which has grown in patches all over the face of the toy, and has taken root in the material itself . i'm now confronted with the prospect of having to ditch a once-used, \u00a359 fleshlight .
 Recently, during breast cancer awareness month (sorry, not technically today) i was over at my girlfriend's house pregaming for a night out . She was showing me around her house when we ran into one of her roommates, a very sweet girl who happened to be heading up their sorority's ribbon sale . When i noticed a box of said ribbons on her floor, \"sophie\" (her roommate) asked if i'd buy one, but i happily agreed .
 i just recently got out of a bad relationship with a 24-year-old girl . She was 24[f] i am 26[m]. she was super neurotic and talked down to me the whole time . i was no saint either though. i lied to her, a lot. i never really showed her the real me. she was hot, and i was into it really because of that. i honestly never thought the relationship would last very long .
 i am really into film making and thought it would be a great idea to incorporate my passion into my eagle service project, not just make another damn bench . What i chose to do was make short psa videos for a local elementary school about what kids should do in emergency situations . After months planning and completing paperwork, getting approval and such before i started the actual filming process, the day finally rolls around .
 A piece of pasta caught fire after falling into the stovetop and onto the floor of my stovetop . The pasta burned all the way down, off the stove, and by the time i returned to the kitchen, it had set my paper towels on fire . The fire also set the duct tape on the window frame on fire as well . Fortunately, i thought to grab the detachable sprayer from our sink and quenched the fire before it spread .
 This morning i followed my usual schedule by grabbing a bowl of granola with soy milk and trudging on over to the couch to watch some tv . In his early morning groggy state i thought it would be a fun idea to have him sit on my lap while i ate my breakfast . i snapped my fingers and was flopped upon by this beast . i tried to readjust myself so that he'd fit more comfortably which is when the fuck up started . next thing i know, the bowl is upside down on his back .
 My drum major was looking up costumes for next year's marching show ( which is lord of the rings... winning) and was talking about it on facebook . So being the funny guy i am i comment, and after a while a few other people comment on it and along comes this guy.. now.. he's been being a douche to her and calling her names like bitch and such... and i've known about this for a couple months now... and my amazing brain comes up with the idea' hey man, why don't you call him an orc!!!!!\"
 Around one year ago i was looking for work in the sound engineering/music area, so i decided to register a domain name with my full name to make myself look more professional to employers . After finding myself a job, i forgot about the website and figured i would just let the domain expire . Today i get an email from uk2 to tell me my domain is due for renewal, and what comes up is a picture of a guy pissing on another guy's face .
 i got home from school and went straight to the toilet to take a shit . my diet for the past week hasn't been the best so my shit wasn't the normal consistency . i finished my business and proceeded to wipe my ass this is when the problem started. 3o wipes later and more than 3 flushes. i would still get a brown stain on my tissue roll when i wipe. i got pissed of and just proceeded to pull up my boxers, wash my hands and leave.  for the next 35 minutes the rampant smell of shit lingered in my nose. at first i tried to ignore it then it just became to annoying to ignore. i went back to wipe like 12
 After a bad storm, winds knocked down several trees, which of course had to be cleaned up today . My family has a system for this (with 40 acres this happens often) my dad runs the chainsaw and i help him however i can - pulling on branches while he's cutting, pulling stuff out of the way of the saw, moving limbs he's already cut, etc. this limb was over my head and i couldn't see him so i didn't know when the branch was free . instead of falling like it was supposed to it hit me in the mouth .
 A friend on skype was reading a post on this sub-reddit aloud and i thought i should share my story after hearing the post about a fart traveling up some poor lady's vagina at work . i hadn't been feeling well, thought it was gas. like many people here i made a huge mistake. so, it came out as  small diarrhea fart. not that bad right?    just keep reading.
 At half 2pm, i decide to go for a quick pre-show dump in the venue's crappy hired portaloos . i managed to get my trousers halfway down before my guts decide i have to poop out 40 caffienated milk drinks now, no exceptions. There's poop all over the walls, floor, and trousers. There was even a turd-deflection from toilet seat onto toilet paper holder.
 Firefighters were on scene of a supposed electrical fire (false alarm) When the alarm went off another firefighter was in the shower when the tone dropped he came down in his underwear and put his gear on (pretty funny) My mic on my radio was caught in my air pack and was keyed up so everyone could hear what i was saying .
 One of the kids i went with like to smoke weed and one of them brought half an o along . One of them whipped it out half way to the concert and we were half way there when the cop pulled us over . The officer then asked me to step out and get on the side of the road . He then said, \"i smell weed.\" The weed was sitting in the car all day in 90 degree heat .
 i was walking down the street when a mother stopped in the middle of the block to pick her kid up . i was trying to maneuver my way out of a crowd . A woman and her boyfriend walk right past me, and my arm/chest rub right up against her breast . The boyfriend thought i did it purposely .
 i haven't slept since sunday because my job is a wee bit demanding at the moment . i recently moved to a new duty station and today is day 3 of my new job . The only way i have been able to cope up to this point was by self medicating with anything and everything available at my local 7/11 .
 i was coming home from a fun night of gta v (not relevant to the story) and i was approaching a stoplight and my eyes tricked me into thinking the light was green when it was actually red . luckily i didn't crash, unluckily there was a cop car sitting at the light and he instantly pulled me over .
 Recently i applied some lube and went at it with my fingers, i decided to go a little deeper than usual and damn it felt so good! i felt like i was in heaven, like i had something to live for, when i finally came there was loads . i'm posting this here in the hope i will never forget it...
 A domestic violence shelter worker says he was forced to stay in a hotel after he was assaulted by his wife . She says the police told him that his wife had pushed him down the stairs in self-defense . The man stayed in the hotel for three nights before calling the police to collect his things from his home .
 Taking walks in the middle of the night just before going to bed to be very relaxing and helping me with my sleep issues . One night i heard someone stop just outside my door and my mom opened the door and said \"we need to talk\" My parents aren't conservative or anything so i didn't really know why she would want to talk about this but it was embarassing .
 i didn't want to throw my cigarette out the window so i put it in a cup of tea from royal farms . i immediately proceed to pull over to the side of the road and puke everywhere. i've been on the verge of puking all day thinking about it. edit- the proof .
 i know reddit isn't the place to complain or fix my problems, and that it's up to me to fix them . i don't know what i'm doing guys, i really don't . i haven't even met with my advisor to see if i'm on track to graduate(which i'm probably not)
 i'm at a friends place, my so and i decide to buy a bottle of sailor jerry's. we drink, we have a good time, our noses and cheeks are red from the booze, we pass out. i wake up around 5-6 am and proceed to throw up (the first time) The third time i threw up the third time, i had half a bloody mary that helped me throw up .
 i was riding my bicycle with a big pack of people on a beach side board walk . i had just spanked a girl on the ass . i heard laughter and a yell for me to stop, the girl was laughing and the cop was yelling . i admitted to the spanking and thought of it as shenanigans, but life is not a porky's movie . In reality what i did was sexual battery and could go to jail for a few months . i am not a hardened criminal. i am 20, i go to community college, i have never had a girlfriend . i was welcomed by drunks, druggies, and derelicts .
 i was meeting a bunch of my boyfriend's friends for the first time bowling was the activity decided upon . i wore my favourite jeans that i've had for years . we show up to the bowling lanes, and it happens to be glow in the dark night. there's black lights everywhere. i didn't think anything of it, until i looked down. years of wiping my hands on my thighs was now glowing in the lights, which wasn't visible before .
 When i'm under the influence, i say things i don't think i would say sober or i would not say them the way i do . After the restaurant, i wasn't high anymore but i was drunk . One of the friends of the girl in the group asked him to sit next to her . She took offence since she wasn't officially invited to the restaurant .
 Carpooling with a nice lady that i work with . She had the side of her face pressed up against my stomach and her makeup rubbed off onto my shirt . After a little while i get up to get a coffee, i look down to the middle of my shirt, which has fairly large white stripes on it, is a strange looking beige smudge . She turns bright red and mouths 'fucking, i'm sorry!'
 i was tailgating at miller park to watch the Milwaukee brewers game . i determined i needed to take a digger, so i went into one of the stalls in the men's room . i put my full vodka and lemonade on the tp holder and proceeded to conduct my business . Luckily, it was so damn hot they dried in 25 minutes .
 \"Houston\" met a friend at a mutual friend's birthday bonfire . She told him her friend, now referred to as m, just got out of a relationship and is looking to hook-up with someone . After a night of makeout, m and i had started flirting about how she only had once piece of gum left, which she was chewing, and talked about sharing it . i tried to go farther with m, kiss chest, try to go for the boobs but she says no each time i try . i then text m and she tells me it was a one time thing because \"i can't take no for an answer\"
 i went to bed at about 6 am last night and woke up at about 8 this morning, only getting two hours of sleep . i don't have school or work today, so i went about being lazy with the day . i was a little melancholy about being alone and not having any plans on valentine's day . At about noon, i was getting really sleepy and went to my bedroom to take a nap. i was only expecting to nap for an hour tops, but lo and behold, i wake up at four and have a billion texts from this boy asking if i'd like to go on a date .
 Fianc\u00e9 likes his coffee to go into the thermos hot, dammit . He likes to drink it in his thermos and there's just over a mugs worth in there . He drank it directly onto his testicles, only shielded by boxers . His testicles were scalded and red .
 This morning my unit had a 5 mile and 50 lbs ruck march scheduled . When i woke up and got dressed, i looked between my newer more comfortable boots and an older and heavier pair . i grab the old pair because they are closer . i ended up with blisters all over the bottoms of my feet . i drive a manual and stepping on the clutch has been hell .
 The student's girlfriend of about 4 years spent the last year getting pretty into bondage, so when she went i brought a few of our toys from my place in my school backpack . When she left on sunday i took *all* of our combined toys back with me (at least the portable ones) because she didn't want her roommate to find them at any point . An hour ago i guess the weight of that textbook was too much on my bag . As i'm walking in front of the class to take my seat, my backpack's zipper snaps and out flies everything .
 i was using my galaxy tablet tablet reddit app as a newspaper while i was dropping the kids off at the pool . i got so tuned into reading all sorts of stuff from the front page that a good long period of time passes by, realising that i had been sitting on the toilet naked for ages, decided to put my galaxy down so i can stand up to wipe, get halfway up and then feel myself falling forward, before i know it i've just rammed my head into the bathroom door .
 This happened to me last summer, but i thought i might as well share this chain reaction fuck up . The day started off as normal and i decided to take a run at the local trail . After my run, i went out and impulse bought a new cell phone . My parents informed me that i had insurance on my old phone and that i just wasted $300. so me and my dad went back to the phone store to put the money back on my card .
 It was raining, like drizzling when i sent my phone out to text my mother . One drop of rain drips onto it and i didn't give a fuck because i thought it wouldn't do anything . A week later, at the apple store's \"genius bar\" they tell me that water damage isn't covered. They said they cannot fix the water damage .
 i was playing around with a system called sendgrid that allows you to send e-mails through a relay server . i used the registrar's e-mail address as the sender . The registrar then sent a mail saying that his account had been \"hacked\" and no classes have been cancelled .
 Some campho-phenique for chapped lips, some eye drops, and some for chappy lips . Some of the drops were super liquidy, but i forgot to clean it off my finger . After several rinses and 3 hours later, my eye doesn't burn anymore, it just feels numb .
 At the last minute, the train was pulling into the statiinin. i could have prevented this all together had i not left my wallet at home last fiday and purchased my ticket then . If you don't have a ticket, you get a $150 citation and have to go to court to resolve the ticket .
 An average looking guy came in and explained that he had accidentally locked his keys in his car while picking it up from the auto repair shop next door . He asked if we had a coat hanger or something that he could use to pry the door open . The guy has yet to return, with or without our doorstop . i apologized profusely and told him i would get him another as soon as possible. i ended up having scrap wood at home and asked my dad to cut one for me .
 i'm in school and third period rolls around when i notice a massive crotch hole in my pants . i spent the rest of the day waddling around with my legs closed and pushing my chair way too far into my desk as to remain unexposed . i tried to cover it up with blue duct tape that i found on a teachers desk .
 In a fit of boredom, i drew a picture of jesus on the back of the book, on a cross, crying for help . The principal, the guidance counselor, and my teacher were all there to discuss sexual abuse in my childhood . They were making this out to be a cry for help to convince me that i need therapy . My mother is coming to convince my counselor i do not need any therapy .
 At a frozen yogurt shop, my only access to the internet is through my phone . My boss loves sending emails, rather than saying something in person . i let my boss know what the problem was, and why i couldn't respond to his emails, but he's told me he must stick with his decision .
 i wanted a wet/dry shop vac for my garage, and bought a bargain one at a liquidator/take-back outlet store . But part of the deal was that it was as-is and no return . It had no hose and no attachments, just the extension nozzles .
 New boyfriend was at his parents' house when he gave his first creampie . He had requested for him not to fap for a few days to make his orgasm more powerful . He then gives me his first queef, which sounds like a diarrhoea fart of the worst kind and last about 30 seconds .
 An army cadets unit went hiking at a government-owned land, an army base three hours away . The majority of the \"base\" is one big wilderness that they use for practicing with artillery and other training . On day 2, we'd already walked for a morning, hilly terrain, gigantic sandy strips for the purpose of breaking potential fires . When we got back to our initial camp, the plants became increasingly common as our trip progressed .
 i like to think of myself as a brave guy, trying out jokes on random folks i meet . i'm a younger guy, so i figured that this particular statement would work . \"yeah, well my mom normally does all my shopping, so this is a first for me!\" i left, never to return .
 My sister had a very bad anxiety/panic attack stemming from a lack of sleep and stress . She started twitching and started uncontrollably shaking . The doctor asked to perform a rectal exam . This gave me a seizure, a gelastic one, for anyone who cares .
 Me and my bf got some alcohol last night, he got cider and i got wine . We were in bed and i've had 5 glasses of wine, feeling the perfect tipsy, i got into my lingerie and m bf was finding us something to watch to set the mood, just for a little fun . It had been maybe half an hour and i felt something happening, i sat up, and puked into my hand and all over the carpet .
 Dermatologist says he has keratosis pilaris, which means that his skin is so dry, that hair follicles cannot break through my skin and so they pile up underneath and cause bumps . Later that night, i put the cream over these bumps on my arms, chest, shoulders, stomach, face, and stray bumps in random areas . i didn't think about washing my hands, but i did get a random boner and decide to jerk off .
 i asked one of my coworkers to purchase me a package of googly eyes to decorate motivational posters for child support . Two weeks ago i got a call from two of our higher up managers calling me and my coworkers for a meeting, we all thought it was a nice little meeting of what is to come and the changes ahead for the section . A week later, my coworkers get a letter of reprimand stating that they observed me placing googly hands on a poster and did not report the vandalism .
 After dinner at around 8pm myself and my household decided to take a stroll . We let our dog off the leash when we reach an open field full of stubble . As we walked up the other pathway, we see a couple with their dog, politely say hi and continue walking . A few moments later, our dog, nala, goes out of sight, seconds pass and i hear her barking, so i ran to find her and see that she is chasing sheep . The sheep that my dog was chasing, were not only pregnant, but were pedigree, and their lambs worth lotsa money .
 Every day, rather than ironing my work uniform, i just toss it into the dryer for a while before getting dressed . Instead of ironing it, i toss it in dryer, instead of twenty minutes, they're in the dryers for an hour and a half . i have to go to work, and remain standing in front of customers for the duration of a four hour shift, with a blister the size of an eraser rubbing between my shaft and balls .
 i was texting a girl i like but we are just friends ( i asked her out before  but got let down gently) She went ballistic when i joked 'thats why (boy you like) dumped you' and she went ballistic . 3 hours later and i'm going be murdered because i'm insensitive .
 The worst part is, i had to go home, shower, and change, making me late for my son's first holiday concert!  It was either that, or show up smelling like shit :( The fart was not actually a fart, so i was able to quickly switch to the urinal, but not before causing irreparable damage to my underwear and pants .
 It's the weekend. most people would be off work/school and chilling. me? i went to school today because i was doing some music coursework. i then went shopping afterwards. i'm absolutely shitted, and decided to treat myself to having a bath, which is a luxury as baths make my hair go weird and so i can't have them during the week as i have to style my hair . The bath water was all from the hot tap, yet there was no hot water in the bathtub .
 i've never had a truly ridiculous day, so please bear with me in this journey . Yesterday was a succession of fuckups, every individual one being worse than the one before . i'm planning on leaving my school in new york on the 20th to go on vacation, and then returning home to florida on the 28th .
 My professor is an old family friend, so i knew him before this class and had his number from a few years back . He got a new number today, and before i had it saved as \"(his name) <3\", so there was never any ambiguity . After class, he asked me to stay a second, and we ended up having sex . He told me to delete his number immediately .
 My sister recently had a baby and isn't able to leave her house very often due to taking care of the baby . So yesterday i decided to be nice and bring over taco bell and alleviate her by holding her baby . While holding the baby he let go a fart of all farts, or so i thought it smelled bad so i passed him back off to my sister . i looked down and and saw what i presumed to be some of the meat that leaked out of the shell. i went ahead and licked it off my shirt. big mistake, it was some of his shit .
 i wiped sweat right above my eyes/eyelids and had to readjust by boys because the pants were a little tight . i immediately took a shower after that, but it was too late. the next morning, i spotted the poison ivy on my hand and new it was about to get bad .
 We only had cold water in our dorm since a few days so i called the plumber . The night before we had a heavy booze with some friends, i had the hangover of my life, i swear i wanted to die, i just felt so sick . While he was in the bathroom fixing the water heater, i couldn't hold it anymore. i ran into the bathroom and threw up like i never did before .
 This happened a couple years ago when i was still in high school and masturbated a lot . The next day i went to grab another CD and noticed there was a weird substance running down the side of them . The one i gave my dad was on the top that means he probably had the most semen on that disk .
 i'll try to make this short. i met my best friends sister two days ago, she's incredibly cute but it was his sister so i thought i'd talk to him about it first . he says it's fine hook up, whatever, but then i did, twice, while he was home . he told me to stop but i didn't, i called her and we hooked up a third time. later that night, my other good friend's ex from 2 years ago hits me up to hang out. her and i'm pretty sure my buddy is completely over her so i go over, one thing leads to another and we end up having sex. after, she tells me my buddy
 Being a horny teenager in the summer can lead to some very awkward scenarios . This is one of them . The good news is, i don't think he knew what had happened, i like to think that the sweatpants hid the boner and that he didn't notice my weird hip position .
 A large piece of adhesive glass stuck too well to the lcd and brought tension upwards (like peeling a band-aid from your skin) which rendered the screen unusable . The problem was not that i pressed down too hard or even had a piece of glass scratch it or 1 pressure point poke at it .
 Out of shape, nervous, anxious, and full of pee, i stepped up to the group of girls preparing for the race . i tried to keep up with the leading runners, oblivious to their varsity status . on the first lap, i wasted all my energy. alright, maybe i could make up for it by cutting back a bit. comfortably in the middle of the pack, i started hyperventilating and got a side stitch. there i was, halfway done, barely making it, and i just noped out of the race. throwaway because i'm embarrassed.
 i decide to ease my pain i'll pass one of those silent but deadly farts to ease the pressure . ended up sharting on myself during the test . did a walk of shame all the way to the bathroom while clenching whatever mess i still had brewed inside . turned out the shit stained my shorts .
 \"i kid you not when i say that i laughed for a solid 45 seconds straight while my vagina made uncontrollable, extremely loud farting sounds,\" says the author . The author's a/c wasn't working, so it had become extremely stuffy and hot overnight .
 i recently softmodded my wii to play gamecube games saved to a flash drive . i was always a fan of [donkey konga] and wanted to get the rest of the games . i loaded the game and was asked (in japanese, of course) if i wanted to make a save file on my memory card .
 i hate itchy, wiry pubic hairs. having lice in your hair is one thing - but having a constant itch in your pubes? insufferable! so that's why i always make sure to properly groom my pubic hair . i treat them as if they're my own children and gently caress them whenever they want company .
 The story goes back to one of the most memorable moments of the night . The story is about a drunken encounter with a group of strangers on the roof of an apartment complex . The group was drinking at about two in the early hours of the morning . The man poked the breast of a girl next to him and asked her if she had bigger than her left breast . He then said, \"it's definitely your left one\"
 It all started innocent enough; i was hanging out with the roommates, smoking, enjoying myself . After getting to what felt like a [7] i got a very unexpected burst of energy . i decided that i was going to be productive and do some laundry . The laundry room is shared between a few apartments on our block . There is one washer and one dryer inside .
 My best friend's place needed to have the insulation replaced in their attic . His mom paid me and my two friends with rammstein pit tickets . It is one of the best concerts any of us have ever been to. They go into mein teil and till is covered in blood and in full on butcher's garb .
 i work on dirt roads and recently we got some precipitation which of course caused the roads to become muddy . with the mud caked all over and in my pickup it started to shake badly at highway speed and so i was trying to take the caps off to see if some of the lugs were loose so i used what i had in my hands, my keys, to pry one of them off . bent the key . A little over an hour and a hundred dollars later i was able to drive home .
 The pitbull that the couple who run this home has had a litter of puppies . out of the 8, 7 survived and 1 of those is the second smallest of the litter . i decided i was going to name all of the pups and get the owners of the care home to start calling each pup by the name i had given them . there is chewie, shiva, alfalfa, spanky, sugar plum, tommy, and fluttershy .
 A workmate comes up and asks me if the others are bothering me, and i answer yes since i think he isn't serious... but he was and he started to talk about how much he doesn't like that i get joked around with (witch i'm totally ok with) and how bad the work-atmosphere is compared to other places he has been at work . Fast forward one hour and i'm in the car on my way home and i get a phone call from the work leader who told me he had with the guy from before that i was tired of their crap and was done being bullied... and this was not how i expected it to be so now there is a shit
 Drunkly drunk girl had to poo in the toilet because of a string of her tampon that got a little dirty, so i took it out and flushed it . The water filled the bowl and went all over the floor . His drunk roommate had to get a shop vac to clean up the mess .
 The pink ipad fell off the passenger seat and onto the grey concrete making the deepest darkest rattling thud into guilt you could never conceive of . guilt at a level i have never experienced! i felt like i was 12 about trying to rationalize a lie to my mother about something i didn't really know why it was wrong .
 i got a really bad front wedgie when i stand up from my desk . As i leave class and as i walk back to my residence, this wedgie problem is getting worse and worse. i am in a ton of pain, so i'm trying to wiggle around while i walk, with great success- i could barely notice it now! so i get back to residence and i'm lying on my bed when i feel the urge to go to the washroom. as i'm pulling my pants down, i experience the worst amount of pain i have gone through in a while. i let out a shriek and look down and notice a pool of blood forming, as well as a
 A friend of mine posed for a photo assignment for a university art student . She agreed provided that i didn't draw her face so she would pose for me . After she started to get tired, i took photos of her in the required poses and loaded them on to her laptop so that i could draw from them and then delete them when i was done . But shamefully, she never noticed, the work was finished and she deleted the photos thinking that they were gone forever .
 i woke up with diarrhea and stomacheaches . One of the jump scares actually made me jump and that motion caused me to spew \"mud\" all up my back down my legs, a little on my balls and a good puddle on my bed . My mom walked by to check on me and she got a good look right at my junk all she said before walking away awkwardly was \"it's cold\"
 i was at a halloween party where i have gone to the past couple years and randomly go there for parties throughout the year . i'm not normally a racist individual, but something that night made me racist lol. i woke up the next day and couldn't remember anything about it and my clothes were completely covered in blood .
 i'm pretty sure the essay i've just written is completely incomprehensible but i can't tell because my mind is too fucked to recognize what does and does not make sense . In the past 12 hours i've consumed 7 red bulls and a 5 hour energy thing . By the time i'm done with the activity i'm ready to work again, but regrettably i'm still drunk (because i'm a moron) so what do i do? fill my body with more harmful liquids!
 The worst part, in my opinion, is that i didn't realize it until i had changed entirely out of my uniform into a different shirt and shorts . My cat in particular was an expert at opening the doors in my house so he would get in my shit and piss on it . i managed to live that down, but that was probably my biggest fuckup ever .
 My girlfriend got a used desktop in exchange for baby-sitting for her bosses . The previous owner swapped the sata drive with a ata drive connected to a raid ide card . i tried re-installing windows 7 and just won't do it. The cat knocked over the cup of water .
 After turning off the light bulb, the bulb pops out of the bulb, shattering into a million tiny pieces . The light bulb broke into a hole in the wall, causing the light to fall out of it . The bulb is now in the middle of the wall and the bulb is in danger of falling into the wall .
 A family friend living with me, he has aids, hep c, and kidney cancer, all from homosexual intercourse . He is very poor (can't find a job that will hire him with those diseases, he used to be a hair stylist) so he is sleeping in my computer room, and often times, i forget he is even there .
 My mom asked me if i could paint my sister's old room so that it would cover of the awful design and ungodly amounts of blood on the walls . i didn't stop to think that maybe, with what seems to be the strongest smelling paint in all paintdom, i should have some kind of clean air flowing through this tiny ass room . an hour rolls by and i start to think something may be wrong when i realize i'm basically lying down painting sideways .
 At 2:05, i decided to just get up and do stuff because it was clear i wasn't going to fall asleep anytime soon . I had two cups at breakfast and then a big mug throughout my first class to make sure i stayed awake . When i got out of class around 9:40, i finished off the dregs and went to the bathroom to rinse out my mug and take a dump . i had to wipe way more than i usually do and it was a humbling experience for me, a one-wipe man .
 i'm on holidays and my second session of exams (just finished the first one) is beginning in less than 10 days . My uncle asked me to do a website to improve one of his assignments and each time he would talk to me about it i would tell him how i feel 'bout it : \"it's complicated, i don't have the tools to do it\"
 An insomniac couldn't sleep because he smoked the night before, and redditing on Reddit made the comment . The comment was posted in the \"scariest shit on the internet\" thread . The comic was a good comic, but suffice to say it did its job .
 My girlfriend is a vegan, and i am very much so a carnivore . She made me a whole 5 course vegan meal with vegetables, and lots of quinoa . But apparently my gi tract wasn't quite happy without any meat (i eat meat at every meal, usually) and i ended up having to shit super bad . i kid you not, my shit was like paste. Then out comes this giant turd the size of a large kiwi fruit .
 i had asked my wife for a wireless security camera for christmas so that we could keep an eye on our house while at work due to a couple of security scares in recent times . Father in law volunteered to install the software for me while i was at work and i (foolishly) agreed .
 11 birds dead! i don't know how to take care of them, i panicked! my uncle's father (also a birdkeeper, like father like son) came to take a visit and was shocked! so he sent my nephew to scold me saying \"how dare you disrespect my father\"
 i was on the phone this morning with a field agent coworker and we were talking about an account that was having issues with getting paid . i agreed saying it sucked she was losing all of her deals for admitting to using \"that word\" and that i don't think he meant it in a hurtful way . A coworker pulled me aside to warn me that other coworkers (who happened to be black) had overheard me having this conversation and she thought they may have been offended by it . fast forward another couple of hours later my supervisor pulled me into his office to tell me that a complaint hadn't been made .
 i live and work abroad, but i go back to my home country every now and then to see the family, etc.. for this purpose i have a sim card that i use there which is **not prepaid**, it's just 0\u20ac/month \u201cplan\u201d with nothing included and everything you use, you pay extra . Now every time i'm going home i can activate some sort of internet bundle that will give me 750mb mobile data for like 8 \u20ac/month and i will then cancel the bundle once i'm back abroad . After two weeks i leave the country and forget about my home sim completely .
 Since borderlands 2 was 10 dollars today on xbla, i asked my friend for 800 ms points . i now owe him 10 dollars . But of course dumb ass me decides he would use his mom's card information! so now i effectively owe two people 10 dollars. it's a little small for tifu, but it was a fuck up .
 i'm moving to florida in about a month, and my mom has been bugging me about cleaning out my bedroom . i'm kind of a hoarder and it is filled with old papers and random items from the past four years . in one drawer i kept all my old birthday cards and put them in the garbage . this morning the garbage guy came and took our stuff .
 Last year the majority of my friends were out of town and i was home alone . i had a cake and poured myself a huge glass of chocolate milk . i then turned on my xbox to watch some tv. about half way through a walking dead episode i decide it is a good idea to take a sip of the cake while putting the cake down on the table . i was so invalided with the show i shoved the cake in my face and pour the chocolate milk on the floor .
 This wonderful tale of a child being bitch slapped begins on a family vacation to the beach . The child is a monster, and i feel like from now on he should be slapped down the stairs all the time . His aunt made him apologize to me for punching me, and also made him promise not to do that ever again .
 The positive leg of the ac cord came detached inside the amp during a trip to the studio to record it . i got distracted by my roommate after i tested the amp and my dumb ass forgot to unplug it . My hand made contact with one of the wires and the ground and i felt electricity shoot straight up my arm .
 i was heading back to my apartment after leaving my university campus . It was raining lightly and i only had a thin t-shirt on so i wanted to get back quickly as it could rain harder . on my way back, my board lost it's grip and i got thrown off . luckily, i caught myself and didn't fall or get hurt .
 A freshman in high school took a subject test for biology . The test is based on information that i havnt learned yet (that i will learn in ap biology). The proctor says that the times up and im feeling amazing, i honestly felt like i may have gotten above a 700 out of 800 .
 i really wanted to know if i had what it takes to initiate a kiss (i've been a shy one all my life) and i wanted to see what would come of it . Her hand goes to my forehead stopping me and informs me she has a boyfriend . She said she'd let me know when she arrived back at her place but i haven't heard from her .
 The school has a strict one door policy in which everyone enters and exits only one door . The incident occurred during an extra recess on the last day of school . The students were playing football and i was trying to make sure they got an equal shot at catching the ball and making plays, but i slipped on the ground .
 i woke up this morning with a headache, only to see my credit card out on my desk by my computer with a website still open . apparently i was lonely last night and had clicked on an advert for christianmingle.com, and i 'sparked' a girl that was cute . well, in order to message her, i needed a 13.99 monthly subscription .
 i put some computer analytic tools on my usb so i could check up on my computer in fears of having a bad memory leak . The next day, i put my usb into a school computer and realized that i had saved those tools onto my usb . i proceed to do my work when suddenly the pa system says \"spartan117au, please come to the office immediately\" The principle explains that a number of malicious virus entered the system through a computer that was logged on with my account .
 Every day since the incident i have had urges to shit but when i sat down only one loud airy fart would come out . But yesterday, i had that feeling where i needed to shit bad and i rushed to the bathroom .  i could finally feel something long and hard exiting my ass, i was so happy.  i made sure to get a good look at this thing, it was probably about as thick/long as 3 well nourished turds .
 i am in college and i decided to visit my dad because i hadn't seen him in a while . we decided to get pizza and beer so i got shitfaced because i don't drink all that much normally . I decided to sit down at the table and chill for a while and there was an ikea catalog in a pile of junk mail . whilst flipping though it i found a picture of a person with their mouth open so i did what any classy drunk person would do. i drew a dick in their mouth .
 The story is only a small fuck up but in the interests of honesty of the almighty counter i believe i should retell my story . i got home from work and as per usual i hopped on reddit. today i had been slightly more gassy than usual but i thought nothing of it and went about my business . The urge to shit came up but i did the good ol squeeze technique to delay the inevitable and continued to scroll through the interwebs where i completely forgot that i needed to shit.flash forward a few hours and i have eaten dinner and after walking half way back from the mess hall i suspected i had a sweaty ass crack .
 The story goes back to the head height cupboard that i keep my tea in . One of the jars saw its moment and leapt from the confines of the only world it knew . The pressure in my lower digit grew, turning the whole nail an inky shade of blue black that rivalled the night sky .
 It's an all-girls school, so there isn't really any public farting . The teacher turned on the vents they use to vent toxic fumes in case of a lab accident . The laughter was thunderous, but the farting was a harrowing poot. It lasted about three seconds, but felt like a lifetime.
 A porn download of a porn video was accidentally downloaded onto a computer by a friend . The content was in the lower half of the screen, but it was not clear if it was porn . The porn download was a porn download, but i clicked it away in the blink of light . The friend is a member of a private company that specializes in porn .
 The default search function only searches \"posts\" and not the entire site . The site designer created a custom theme and did kind of a hack job forcing the woocommerce code into it . The original site designer had a backup folder of an outdated version of the plugin on her computer .
 i like to smoke omw to work, i take the bus, so while i'm walking down the street  maybe around 7:40ish am. bust out my dugout and take a nice long drag, hold it for a few, and blew it out in a glorious cloud. right into a passing runners face, he was running up the street behind me .
 One of my best friends in the marines got one day off today to spend with his family so he's going to a family reunion today . i'm not so much as a really late night person. i'd say my average bed time in college was around 1 or 2 but i've been going to bed around 11 most nights when i'm home .
 My boyfriend dislocated his knee over the weekend while he was out visiting me . Since his knee is mostly okay, we're not about to let some quality bang-time go to waste . Instead of cum, i squirt piss out onto his chest as i orgasm, i run into the bathroom to clean up as he lays on the bed laughing .
 i puked all my guts out with a half-digested pizza coming up my throat in big lumps . After the poo-bombardment, i clean up the floor, and just go to bed. well, this happened a couple of weeks ago, but it's still a painful memory .
 i decided to stop being lazy yesterday morning and give my dog a real long nice walk . So then i begin to get annoyed by the bugs that are bothering me, annoying flies and such . As a guy with long hair, i'm used to just shake my head as it whips around and disperses the bugs . Unfortunately, i walked into a thick of flies, and spasm'd out a bit with head, and while the bugs were sent flying, i happened to trip over the cobblestone walk on my left and almost comically fell into a huge patch of dirt and mulch, slashing my legs on the cobble walk .
 i have an acer aspire laptop that was bought on my scholarship, and is only four months old . being touchscreen, i was getting four hours out of the battery with windows 8, and decided linux would hopefully make the battery last an hour more . install ubuntu without a hitch, go to boot into it, and there are no os'es on my lappy. brand new laptop that i've voided the warranty on, and it doesn't bloody work .
 Smelt something while revising for my exam this afternoon, smelt something...something i knew . Was my last pair of underwear, and my exam is in an hour so i have no time to do my washing . So i'm now sitting on reddit, and not sure whether to worry about my exam, or what i'm going to wear .
 i work in a chemical plant and in the area i am at today there is a single restroom with a locked door . so i clench my ass and haul myself over to the crapper . well my shit started to slowly squeeze itself out with every step i am taking but i finally make it . i undress to take my shit and what's left of my underwear that's clean i cut up with my knife to get washed up and clean . well i hear the door open to the little building i am in taking a shit and figure whoever walked in will see the restroom door is closed and won't come in . nope! a minute later this old operator in his late 50s walks
 i (a male) was walking across campus at my university past our big clock tower . i hear a girl yelling through a megaphone about her experience with date-rape . i'm very much for rights for women, but vandalism and blackmail just isn't how you should do it . After standing still for what seemed like an eternity i quickly nope-ed the fuck out of there .
 i'm a college freshman and he's a senior in high school . i merely skimmed through his status and thought to myself that he was giving a send off to his class such as 'its been fun' or 'good luck to you guys in the future' i commented, trying to bust his balls by saying 'let's see how you feel in college... ' Some other person comments 'who's this douchebag?\" i think to myself \"lighten up, buddy\". But then i decided to reread the status and reread it .
 i have never felt the need to throw up from being so embarrassed . i have a sexual experience that is comparable to a video on e-futt. i'm glad my misfortune could make you guys laugh, hopefully if you are ever on my situation you do the complete opposite of what i did .
 i randomly find one of my airaoft bb's on my bed and while i'm laying there on my phone just start to mess around with it in my hand . i then proceed to try and take it out but it's already lodged in . i'm on my way to the emergency room after trying everything i could to get it out so there's my f*ck up for today .
 i'll preface this by saying that i have not been very well the last few days . i had what was probably food poisoning last week and have been sickly since . This morning i woke up very hungry and only a little bit nauseous so i decided to make myself some breakfast . i turned on the heat, set a pan and while it was waiting to heat i grabbed a used stick of butter . as i began to unwrap it, i got an odd sense of almost dejavu \u2013 this sticks of butter looks like something i've seen before. That's when it hit me. semen. it doesn't really make sense, i don't think semen ordinarily looks like a
 This actually happened to me last night but i thought it was worth posting here now . So last night i went to a friends house after being invited for a party . There were so many people there and most of them i'd never meet . So i took my jacket off and left my wallet filled with $120 inside of it .
 So i thought it would be a good idea to take my brother-in-law out to a party that was filled with some of my really close friends . He hasn't drank a lot in awhile and kinda went over bored . mixed his liquors with a couple of beers as well as several ciders . so after i thought he was done throwing up, i walked to get the car . i drove the car closer so he could just climb in and i would take him home . turns out he still needed to puke some and while doing that he also released some from the other end .
 The overflow in the bathroom leaked into the basement so we now have dehumidifiers running in four rooms of the house and there's just about no way i'm getting any sleep tonight . The toilet was filled with toilet paper and lumps of shit, and i had to take a freezing cold shower .
 Some time after dinner, i touched my dick, and the little amount of capsaicin from the jalape\u00f1o transferred over and began irritating the foreskin . This was very uncomfortable . After much delaying i stuck my dick in a cup of canola oil to remedy it to no avail .
 i was introduced to this devilishly addicting game a few days ago, and my roommate and i were playing nonstop . Then, a computer broke because i knocked over a glass of water onto his new macbook pro . Despite our valiant efforts, the computer is now in the shop for what i assume is at least a new logic board .
 An extra-long necklace glowsticks accidentally cracked open on the floor of a bedroom . The top came off the top of one of the green ones, speckling the kitchen and dowsing my eyes . The chemicals weren't corrosive or anything but it burned like crazy .
 i've been writing a powershell script to find and delete redundant $recycle.bin files in our thousands of user personal folders . The script is going well, but then it gets a 4.9 mb file instead of the 78 b file i'm expecting (from previous runs it was that size), i get a 4m file . Then i notice that i'm not using the same standardised variable name for the folder i'm trying to clear out, so i edit one of my functions to bring it into line .
 Me: \"i just pissed myself in my sleep on the couch but i have a really good reason as to why i did it but i was just under a lot of pressure in my dream\" Me says he fell asleep listening to law and order SVu so i'm sure most of this dream is directly related to that . After peeing in a toilet, he pushes his dick into a box to make it easier to pee in, but the warm sensation on his left thigh politely told him i fucked up . He then falls off the couch and finds it dry except between the couch cushions .
 Safety pin is good enough to pin hole in the bottom of the bottom on my nuts . When i go to take a piss and i undo the safety pin and i start my stream then i feel a massive pain in my nut sack, look down and i have pierced a pin hole .
 i teach tennis, and i take ice in the mornings to put in the cooler so kids have cold water to drink throughout the day . Unbeknownst to me, the ice rolled off of something and knocked the door to the freezer slightly ajar . Fast forward 24 hours: to this morning, i go out to the garage to get some ice, bigass puddle of water on the ground, easily 5ft in diameter, shit .
 i put just a wee bit too much bud in the bowl because she gave me the signal to pull it before it was done burning . so i pull it and i put my mouth above the bowl and suck the smoke up. ive done this hundreds of times before but this time i had to sneeze so i ended up opening my mouth more than it should have been and inhaling harder than i should have.   ended up sucking up the still burning cherry of the bowl . It went straight down my throat burning the shit out of everything it touched. so i start coughing like crazy and run to the sink to spit it out.
 i got a droid razr m with verizon a couple months ago with a new phone number . A few days ago, i was contacted by the woman that used to have my new number . She left me a voicemail stating that she turned on her ipad for the first time in 5 months, and it loaded all the text messages i sent . she replied to my contacts, asking \"who is this?\", which confused all of my friends and family . i then contacted apple, where i immediately got transferred up to a tier 2 executive (this is big time, folks)
 It's been a few days since i last had a date with jill and i felt like going for as long as i could . i was edging, getting near the point of cumming, for quite a while now and was near busting . My underwear are on the other side of the room after a passionate throw for the the excitement of making some baby batter . i get up to put them on, but just at that moment, i went over the edge. scrambling for my underwear, i start cumming everywhere . i quickly throw on my shorts to cover my now cum stained underwear just in time .
 i read the story about the guy stomping the cup that he placed on a nail to keep it still and it reminded me of the time when i was a small child that knew everything at a young age . Since i was clearly a genius, i knew that the rake stomping bit was clearly bs and i went outside to prove it . i found a rake and placed it in the yard and then i stomped the ever loving shit out of it . you can imagine my surprise when an instant later i had a very sharp vertical pain emanating from my face as well as two busted lips .
 i watched the first one and personally thought it was nothing, maybe one or two cringe-worthy scenes but i've seen worse, so i decided to watch the second one . After watching it i'm glad it was the single most fucked up movie i've ever seen . At times i felt bad for the man that did the \"surgery\" as he was mentally disabled and no one loved him, not even his own mother .
 i spent at least 10 minutes facedown on the desk trying to \"unbrace\" myself from the binder while the class laughed at me . The binder was something like this : http://cheapbinderstores.blogspot.com/2013/05/case-it-velcro-closure-2inch-ring-binder .
 i just saw a post on the front page of funny about a nail being more aggressive on feet than legos, and it made me think of when i was young and possibly retarded . A friend and i are approximately age 12, walking through a construction site. i see a large route 44 sonic cup (they are 44 ounces and made of styrafoam.) i'm thinking fuck this cup i'm gonna stomp this shit. but i some how miss, my inner angst wants to destroy this cup; so i must find something to keep it in place.... a board with a nail through it. nail only went halfway into my foot. didn't get a tetnis shot, just rubbing alcohol
 The next morning, i farted and the fart woke me . luckily, i always sleep on my stomach so there were no stains . i ran in front of her, creating a trail of shit scent for her to walk straight into . Luckily, she had to go to work that day and i was still on the toilet .
 The author of a book about how to cook a soup that smelt like something was wrong . She struggled to find the right way to cook the soup, and the smell of smoke was awful . She says she tried to clean the pot but it didn't clean it up properly .
 A friend of andy's best friend, andy, has a roommate, a good looking soccer player, and their roommate, ben . The three ended up spending a lot of time together in their apartment the two years that they lived there, watching tv on their plushy 3-person couch . Ben and i hooked up a few times that month, always on his couch, before our attraction naturally fizzled out and we resumed just being friendly .
 The fret keys are now the first 5 fn keys (f1, f2, f3, f4, f5) and strum is pause/break and therefore can play like [frets on fire](http://upload.wikimedia.org/en/commons/6/67/frets_on_fire_man).
 i thought i share this story with you, because *sharing is caring* and it amused so much people over the time and i thought maybe some of you might be amused too . Here is some context: The one teacher - chubby [chubby] - tried to hit back on me, so often we entertained the whole classroom . At prom night, all students, teachers and families of students was there (families leave earlier, so they don't see their children drinking, **but regretfully my family left not early enough!**)
 i cheated super hard on my chem final exam (got the answers before the test) and proceeded to get a b (aka not failing the class) My buddy knew i had it and asked if he could have it after i used it, but i told him that if he got caught, to, and i quote, \"not nark on me\". He proceeded to use it, and get caught (you have to be real dumb to get caught cheating in this class) and when he was threatened with 10 days (just a threat), he gave up my name .
 i sometimes work from home, and today was one of them . i am on reddit and facebook, while making calls .  in our work chat room (only for employees, no customers) in our blog posts, a question was asked . i googled a subreddit for cow udders to post, but just came up with a subreddit of women with huge tits .
 Over the past 5 years my old dentist said my teeth were fine and i just needed to brush and floss regularly . But every check up showed my teeth as healthy and cavity free . My old dentist retired recently so i switched to a new dentist and went for a check up today . It became clear that i had some serious issues built up from over the years .
 \"that bitch's tits are hanging out!\" yelled from the penthouse of a guy's penthouse . He was furious, so we did a number of shots i am sure i don't want to remember . He yelled loud enough for everyone to hear \"that\u00a0bitch's\u00a0tatties\u00a0are hanging out\"
 At about 6:30 this morning i started having this weird dream where my backyard was covered in spiderwebs and i started picking at the strings of one to get it to fall so that i could get across the yard and back into the house . i swear to god i felt this big-ass spider land straight on my face in the dream and in real life at the same time . i instantly woke up and freaked out and jumped out of bed, and the \"spider\" flew off of me and onto the bed . i must have hallucinated because i swear i could actually see the spider there on the bed for a few seconds and then it vanished .
 /r/anoriginailname is relatively new to reddit but here's a shameful story that, although ended somewhat triumphantly, was a personal defeat . The story is long and happened awhile back but i think a good one. i went camping with some friends and we were extremely hungry . i don't know if the beer, or beer mixed with smoking caused this reaction but i couldn't hold in the undercooked food . Luckily i got out of the shelter/cabin without anyone noticing the shit that was about to come out my ass .
 The moment i gained consciousness, i was lying on the sidewalk next to the boarding house i live in (how could i miss?) checked what time it is--hold on, *where the fuck is my watch?* The next morning i asked my friend online if he remembers how i got home and where he last saw my things . He told me i never took out my phone the whole night, and he let me ride the taxi first . i may have left my wallet in the cab, but i can never remember that . i can only remember being at the front table inside a strip club .
 i wasn't feeling good this morning but i decided to go to work anyway . One hour into it, my stomach is in great pain, but i'm putting on a great act and doing my job . 45 minutes later, i'm dripping in sweat, dizzy and constantly taking breaks to go back in for some air . The manager has me come inside to work at the counter because i can't even fucking stand .
 My little brother, for some reason, just wanted to stay in the car, so i opened the door and left the windows open (it was hot today) He kept on complaining that he was hot and didn't listen to repeated commands to just get out of the car . Eventually, he told us he wanted some water, but didn't specify where it was . i, being annoyed at my mom and forgetting that i left my car door opened, opened the passenger side of the van into my car in an attempt to look for this water bottle .
 The title explains it all really, but i'll go into depth...i have these females cousins who in my opinion are smoking hot, like seriously fit...one night i was staying over my 2nd cousins house for the night because my parents were out and couldn't trust me in the house alone . We were just talking late at night when she just kissed me . Eventually i gave in and we ended up having sex right there in her room . The next day i woke up stark naked realising what i did, popped on my clothes and went for breakfast . Later, around afternoon, i went to go and feed my nans cats whilst she was on holiday, and this time my first cousin
 A few days ago i met up with a friend for drinks, we drank, played pool, and did some shots... quite a few shots . On the way to his house, i informed my friend that i had taken some xanax earlier in the day . He told me that sometimes with that high a dose of the drug and the mixture of alcohol in me i can piss myself . i passed out on his couch and realized i had pissed myself . He laughed about it and poked fun at me .
 i needed to look up information on what bill collectors are allowed to do (stupid verizon, different story.)  so i went to the public computer lab on campus . The only open computer was in the middle of a long row next to a girl who had about 5 documents open between spreadsheets, power points, word, internet and whatever . i tried to log in but it took longer than the 15 seconds i was willing to wait, so i assumed it froze and needed to restart it . After about 5 seconds the tower went dark but my monitor didn't .
 Every day i refill my bottle of water, put it in the freezer, and wait just before it gets totally frozen so it's sort of like a water slush . right now i just got it out of the freezer at the perfect time. not too watery but not too frozen.  Well, first sip i take a shard of ice rockets out of  bottle and, sure enough, scrapes the crap out of my tongue. so i'm sitting here, over the sink with a bleeding tongue spitting out blood.
 After school some of my friends and i decided to head by goodwill to buy some cheap clothes . After school, they decided to go shopping and completely forget about my backpack . As we're walking out, i check my backpack for a soda i left to drink later, and that's when i realize my jacket is missing .
 The moment a placed my hand on her back, she loses balance and falls (i did fell too..). i get her up and she finish the race, everyone from her class and mine is laughing . i feel like shit, tried to help my sister and end up hurting her when i'm supposed to protect her .
 My sister is in the army and has been having health issues . She went in to have a surgical procedure done and it took longer than anyone expected it to . Being the nurse of the family they all came to me and asked me to call and see what i could find out . The nurse apologizes profusely and puts me on hold, apologizing for the delay . The charge nurse came back and told me my sister was in recovery and that everything had gone good .
 The story goes back to a late night breakfast with friends at ihop . After eating, i feel something a-rumbling downstairs and pass it off as just gas . The sensation doesn't go away, and the rumbling seems to be growing in intensity . After driving away, i'm squeezing my ass cheeks together to keep whatever beast is trying to rear its head out of my ass .
 i'm not educated medically, and having severe adhd i quickly forget this . i blurted out \"what is it cancer or something? that's why your hairs so sparse right, chemotherapy? \"(he has the thinnest, waviest hair on a 17-year-old you've ever seen) still haven't mentioned anything about it and probably never will .
 Brother started playing videogames on his computer at 3am on the couch in the living room . He then began to hear the tell tale signs of a fap session . The sounds of ill repute from the headphones (my headphones!) he was wearing and some heavy breathing was definitely becoming a thing .
 In the spirit of good oral hygiene, i decided to use some of my fine listerine anti-cavity rinse this evening, which was located on the top of the cabinet in my bathroom . It had no cap, but lots of our stuff has no cap... so i filled up the dispensing top and let it settle at the appropriate level .
 i tend to use more oil than i need in my food, and thanks to my slippery oiled hands, my hands slipped off the knife i was using and i accidentally dropped it . i felt a sense of pain, and when i look down, i saw blood . Luckily it was a small knife, so i do not have any terribly bad injuries .
 Me and my girlfriend just moved into an apartment together 4 nights ago and everything has been amazing so far . She cooks dinner and we eat, followed by hookah, weed, and alcohol and a good amount of sex . Last night she asked me to cuddle under the covers and we proceed to engage in the horizontal mamba . Afterwards i tell her to have an amazing day and im on my way to work .
 My cat has been sick, but luckily he's doing ok, but the recovery food has put a dent in our accounts . We needed a little extra to cover until next payday, so i went to get a payday loan . But when i got there, i reached for my wallet, it wasn't in my purse or car .
 My friends have a golf cart that they got from their grandfather a while back . The cart had this little truck bed in the back of it you could hold onto, and it got to a top speed of about 10 mph . i was on for about 3 or 4 minutes, then i feel the worst possible pain ever...in my ass . thankfully, it didn't go inside my ass, but i still, to this day have learned my lesson .
 A few years ago, i was working as a seafood clerk and, as part of my uniform, have an apron on . i somehow let go of my apron and start pissing all over it and also partially on the button area of my jeans (because of back spray) thankfully, no one else was in the employee bathroom while i was and i was able to clean up .
 i forgot to take out the glass shelves on the inside of a china cabinet . The glass shelves inside busted along with the mirrors . The lady was not very happy and we didn't get a very good tip from a moving company .needless to say, the lady wasn't very happy with the tip .
 After doing this hundreds of times in his many years of surfing i thought getting my car stolen would never actually happen . After surfing for two hours, his car is gone . Police are on the lookout for his car, but his phone and wallet are still in the surf bag .
 Hardboiled eggs with their shells on in the microwave because pressure will build up in the shell and then blow up in your face . The egg exploded in my mouth like high pressure, heat, flying lava egg pieces everywhere. i was stunned and had no fricken idea what-the-f**king had just happened.
 The half-bottle bottle of gingerbeer was found on the windowsill of our upstairs room . The bottle had been left there by a plumber who had to relieve himself in a bottle from the recycling . He left it there where he wouldn't forget to get rid of it, but it was funny afterwards .
 i unplug my auxiliary cord that connects my phone's headphone jack to my car stereo, and put it in the pocket of the zip up hoodie i was wearing . i then grab my backpack on the passenger seat, and pull it over to the driver seat while i was getting out of the car . i shut the door and take 2 steps, then i hear the dreaded sound that strikes fear into the hearts of all, except the gods of nokia .
 Early this morning while i was asleep, i was dreaming that i was using the bathroom and browsing reddit on my phone . Some thread was calling for /u/andrewsmith1986 to be banned or something and i was typing a response when i noticed how soft the carpet was in the dream bathroom and started to run my hand over it as i did my business . This was when i woke up .
 My bathroom is almost airtight with only 2 small windows (one of which is jammed) and a really, really bad extractor fan/heat lamp thing . Usually i have to have both a window open and the fan going to get an adequate amount of steam from the shower out . this day however, i was in such a rush to get clean for upcoming activities that i neglected to open the window .
 i work in a cocktail lounge with an assortment of different spices, garnishes, fruits, and what have you to make all sorts of weird drinks . My bar manager was in working on a couple new drinks that apparently involve red hot chili peppers . i like spicy food, and i was curious, so i broke one open and smelled it . i squeezed a bunch of seeds out and put the pepper in my mouth . even before chewing, i felt that motherfers heat . i threw it in the garbage and decided i'd save myself the 20 or so minutes of pain .
 The student's departmental christmas party takes place in a communal area with free booze (free booze) and being of the student persuasion myself, i have this inherent drinking problem. especially when the drinking becomes free. so yeah, i get to the party, i grab a couple beers, some mysterious little old lady coerced me into drinking some of her special vodka, i pour the rest of my vodka cup away while she's not looking, drink more beer, say some depressing things to an older guy i used to work with, pour beer number 3 down myself and others, older guy leaves awkwardly and we gather our drunk friends to go home and/or to more bars .
 The mayor, a cop, a world war two veteran, a korean war veteran, and the principal laugh . i was behind a curtain, and i could hear people chucking and holding back laughter. i finish playing and then during the moment of silence, people started laughing. How the fuck am i not suspended right now.
 i'm an interesting person in that i'm both a light and heavy sleeper at the same time . sometimes, if my subconscious deems it important enough, i'll even leave myself a mental sticky note, like \"check your phone\" or \"your mom wants something\" today was no different . i left a message explaining who i was, what my plight was, while omitting a few unimportant details, and end the call . after a few minutes of intense internal debate, curiosity overcame caution, and i called the number .
 A girl i went to high school with, who has major attachment issues, has been hanging out with her since high school . She runs up to me, super excited, and she opens her arms and throws them around me screaming \"oh my god i miss you\" She starts talking about buying matching onesies and how much we'd need to hang out .
,
, [{"summary_text": " i work at this deli shop and its my second week working . The security alarm control is right next to the slicer up against the wall and on there is a button to call the cops . 2 cops showed up all pissed off that it was a false alarm and now the store could be fined .
 16-year-old was doing chores after the lady-friend had left, and i grabbed some kool-aid (because i'm 5 on the inside.) Around 8:15, around 8:30, around my brother was in the main bathroom however, and my mother was in hers so i had to hold it for what seems like an *eternity*. i eventually got to the point where i couldn't hold it any longer, so i ran to the bathroom door, and it's one that can be unlocked from the outside . He sees me, loudly yells \"fucker!\", tries to run and jump into the shower, only ending up in him slipping on a towel on
 i made the mistake of using a cheap single blade razor to shave the base of my no-no zone and got a really bad regrowth irritation . i was able to scratch furiously and discreetly, but after a while the pain/itch became so intense, i was scratching every three seconds . i'm pretty sure everyone there thinks i have an STD or something .
 In some schools (like mine) the professors are also advisors . In one case, a student's parents refused to pay her tuition . The dean of students called the advisor and the advisor of students to discuss the situation . The advisor eventually lost her cool and ran out of the room .
 The writer was invited to a housewarming party at a friend's new house . He drank a bottle of white rum, smoked weed and ate chilli con cane at the party . He was so drunk that he was passed out hugging the toilet bowl . He woke up the following morning hugging the bowl of the upstairs toilet .
 A freshman in college, who managed to walk on as a weight/shot put thrower, managed to make the team, and the coach was really starting like me . The day before the first track meet, the bus was set to depart at 7am in the morning . After all of our coaches warned us about not being late over and over again all week, to which i would reply \"no worries. i'm going to be there guaranteed\"
 This happened in fall of 2012. i live in chicago and it was one of those windy, freezing days . i was getting ready for my 8:30 class and its about 7:20 something. i'm putting on my jacket and figured, \"i'm only walking the dog a short distance today, i don't need my coat\" -.-' i get back to the front door of my house. i open the screen door and get ready to open the big door, there are no keys in my pocket. i panic and search every pocket i had until i realized, they are in the house .
 i had stabbed the entire tooth into my cheek, then pulled the comb with such force the tooth bent back and tore my flesh into a 1/4 inch deep tear dropped shaped puncture wound . At least it's only one of many blemishes on my face, and if anything it counter balances the cat scratch on the other cheek .
 i apologize in advance for not shitting myself and/or getting caught masturbating, so this post will be less-than-hilarious . i was in the cafeteria with a few friends and i thought it would be funny to screw with them a bit with the salt-shakers . i started off by filling one of my friend's pockets with salt while she was speaking to one half of the group, the other half tried to contain their laughter .
 i\u2019ve been feeling crap for the past few days because of an ear infection, so my sleeping pattern\u2019s been stupidly inconsistent due to having a high temperature . i'm on antibiotics so it's slowly getting better though . When i got out i stood up too quickly and my blood pooled . Before i could sit down i fainted and on my way down i hit my head on the toilet seat (broke the seat off the hinge and got a mild concussion) when i tried to get up, i couldn't stand and stumbled again .
 i sent the 5 best, most revealing, sexy images to the last person i texted, which i thought was my boyfriend . i forgot that i had texted my mom about going home this weekend and wound up sending them to her during her work day as a teacher . i'm thoroughly embarrassed, i'm hoping we can both treat the situation like adults .
 i have a friend who i usually communicated with through a group chat on facebook whose 2-year-old son was just diagnosed with autism . While perusing my reddit feed i saw a greentext story from 4chan . i'm audibly laughing and decide to share it with the group . My friend, not a minute later says \"wtf\" and says \"yeah well that's tards for ya\", remaining oblivious to the fact his son has autism .
 i was scheduled to go in for 2:45 pm, fill out paperwork and have the interview at 3:00 pm . The only documented emails i have were the initial contact (potential employer saying they were interested), and an email containing a link with mapquest directions . Now i don't even know if i screwed up somewhere or whether my perspective employer got the time wrong .
 After doing the buttclench, i dashed to the bathroom and brought my phone with me . i ended up being there for 10 minutes before wiping and standing up to flush . To my horror, there was a palm-sized poop streak inside the bowl, near the part that sucks the water/poo in .
 The teacher is looking right at the writing and i know in dead soon or later . We'll have to see what happens next but for now my ass is hers. As i'm typing this now the teacher is right in front of the writing. We're going to have to wait until the end of the day to find out what happened next .
 i'm not entirely sure why, but i do. depending on the day, that reaction will range somewhere on the spectrum between fairly harmless to my very own circle of hell . i haven't been able to figure out why exactly my level of coffee related terribleness varies so much .
 An English teacher in a small (relatively) in china got injured in a bike accident . Her ex-girlfriend (chinese) came over to the hospital to look after him . She was drunk as a sailor puking her guts out on the floor and telling me she loves me . She left the hospital with no phone and with limited ability to walk i've decided to write this instead of trying to solve my problem .
 The title of this article is not sarcasm . This article is a weekly feature on iReporter's weekly blog . Follow us on Twitter @dailymailonline.com/newsignorance . In the U.S. this week, please submit your best photos of your favorite moments of the week .
 After a year in europe, living in Europe inspired me to be more fashion forward and more aware of new stylish clothing . After a party hosted by my family, i lost my bladder and pissed my pants in skinny jeans . Now i wear skinny jeans with caution and black out in bed hungover with skinny pee pants .
 i'm talking lumpy, vomit inducing yoghurt ruining my hard efforts. managed to scoop all the bad stuff out but broke the masher in anger (yes we ate them still . this was to be soon known all too well to the rest of our friends who heard me scream from the other end of the house .
 Earlier today i was trying to get to my car, which was on the other side of a navel-high fence . In my divine wisdom, i decided to try and step over the fence rather than jump over, or walk the extra 20 yards around the fence . The fence nearly went up my butt and actually gave me some nice gouges near my anus . Luckily for me, the fence was just high enough so that i couldn't reach the ground with my feet .
 The sock i had been fapping into for nearly a month was a crusty, smelly sock that i'd been washing in with the rest of my clothes pretty often, didn't think it was nasty... apparently it is . i calmly took it from her hands, and set it in the laundry basket .
 There were only two bases: home and the wall on the opposite side of the gym . To score all you had to do was kick the ball and run from home to second base (the opposite wall), and back and not get hit with the ball . i was going fast, no one was gonna get me out. finally i'm approaching the wall (second base) and i think of the greatest idea at the time. to stop my fast ass i'll just stick in front of me and pivot off the wall and run back to home! i stick my foot infront of him and hit the wall .
 A huge skidmark was left on the back of my boxers . The smell was horrid. i couldn't go back into class with this, so i improvised. i took a couple sheets of toilet paper, and put them on the skid marks where there was skid left . i counted at least 5 brown, thick dingle berries fall into my shoe .
 i live on the west coast of canada, so in my province the legal drinking age is 19 . On my 19th birthday, my girlfriends and i head out to a classy restaurant with a bar vibe, since some of them were still underage and couldn't go to a bar or club . By the 2nd bellini and 2nd shot, i'm good and hammered. we head back to my best girlfriends house to dance, and a huge glass of wine,a shot and a beer are consumed . at this point i'm the most sloshed i've ever been, and throwing up over her deck . The morning rolls around, and i have a quiz at school that i'll
 i am from the united states but i am studying in florence for the semester . On spring break i just traveled around italy by train . The next day on the train when they ask me for the ticket they ask for a eurail pass they take my money . i was fined 50 euro and had to pay for a new ticket .
 The list was left on the fridge of a friend's friend's house, and i added \"50 lbs monkey chow\" to the fridge . The list had been left there for a few weeks, and the owner thought it was one of his friends from out of state that was visiting, and called my friend's mother to complain . He was so mad, he fired her on the spot, and now i feel just awful .
 The fight broke out in the hallway of my apartment building wearing a bathrobe covered in blood . The cops split us up an my gf didn't lie and told them the exact same story i did they and they let us be . i swear those cops probably pissed themselves laughing at that one .
 i accidentally plugged the headphones adapter into the USB into the usb heard and saw sparks and short circuited my laptop . i'd woken up first and wanted to watch some freaks and geeks, so i went upstairs to grab a pair of headphone so i wouldn't wake anyone up with the volume, because it was dark .
 It was late at night and only my daughter and myself were awake . i was letting her stay up and watch shows on the roku in the living room . The roku app has an option of streaming photographs from the phone to the television . Somehow, by the gods that organize photos on cell phones, two pictures popped up on the phone .
 After losing in league of legends, i found myself masturbating at roughly 2:00 am. knowing that i'd be getting up at 7:00am, i rushed off to sleep, shortly after brushing my teeth and washing my face until it was as smooth as a baby's bottom . fast forward to this morning, i pahked my cah in my normal spot in the garage. coincidentally, one of my employer's co-council parked right next to me as i was walking to the elevator . i headed towards the office, so i could get my workspace set up.
 My dad asked to use my laptop to pay some bills and he asked for his laptop to be loaded with porn . Full screen was full screen of gay porn. This really isn't a big deal because i am out, but it was really embarrassing and all i could do was slam my laptop shut, turn beat red and laugh .
 Halfway through a movie, i felt the urge that our ancestors have felt for the last few millennia . It was a good movie though, and i'm lazy so i didn't feel like pausing it. \"just 10 more minutes\" i thought to myself. long story short, i held it for a long time and then decided i would be bad ass and hold it until the ending credits started .
 Soaked in a horny stupor i decided to find out what it felt like to cum on my face . It got all over my eyes and burned like a motherfucker. Now my eyes are red, hurt like hell, and my eyelashes are encrusted with semen.  every time i blink i feel the throbbing shame.  never again.
 The story goes back to when i got home from work and was flopping around until the gf decides that it would be a good idea to go to a bar . The next day she said she came in and we got our cuddle on and then she left me asleep in my bed....and then i spoke to my mom . Apparently, throughout the night, i unleashed the full force of my pale hairy body and climbed into bed with my dad .
 i was just about to settle back into my pace when all of a sudden i was on my back, in a ditch, my own bike at my left and a toppled tricycle on my right . Fortunately, the brand new, team issue, two hundred dollar skinsuit i was wearing at the time became garbage all at once .
 My mom wakes me up today and says that someone is here to talk to me about being gay . A teacher from my old elementary is sitting there (my mother works at that elementary) He is probably the only gay person my mom knows, so that's why he was called . He asks if i would rather talk with him alone about this kind of thing .
 The story of a sunburn story goes back to Monday . The story is the result of a trip to the beach with some friends . The sunburn is so bad that the skin is so tight that whenever i take a step, blood pressure builds in my foot, and pushes against my skin causing unfathomable pain .
 i was listening to this new song [here] when my mom walked in and i accidentally clicked on [this video] of a girl shaking her butt to a song because i jumped when she opened the door . Now my mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye .
 i was at a school competition today, and my mom brought me a peanut butter and banana sandwich . After a few bites, i felt a sour taste on my tongue . i spent the next half hour feeling like i was going to throw up, and when i got home took a horrible shit .
 i woke up about 1 am this morning in excruciating pain and couldn't move, walk or talk . My mom woke up and got me to take an ibuprofen, but the pill didn't last long in my stomach and i upchuck acid out of my nose . After that i just kinda fell asleep in the chair and i don't remember anything else after that .
 A coworker said something funny that caused another coworker to spit out water she was drinking all over her desk . This caused me to laugh and made me nearly spit my own beverage out all over my desk . Luckily, i had an empty coffee cup handy, so i spit into that instead of trying to swallow it and having it shoot out of my nose .
 i have lurked this subrreddit for a while snd thought i would never join the ranks but today my day has come . i needed a pair of scissors and the only options at the supermarket were $9 super dooper ones or childs ones for $3 . got home and started to remove hair as normal, but started to rush as i have to go somewhere tonight . then suddenly a shock of pain shot through me, and i look down to find i have cut my ballsack along that ridge bit between the two halves .
 My ex and his friend came over to my apartment for a few drinks, and they came over already drunk . They were making out, and i didn't think to check if his friend had indeed passed out . He was thinking that we could be friends with benefits, but he's been crushing on this other girl, who likes him .
 i woke up this morning feeling nonchalant, with the assumption that my day was going to be uneventful and boring . Little did i know my daredevil decision would leave my butthole in agony . Luckily i didn't shit my pants like everyone else. luckily i managed to wipe my butt clean.
 Sleepwalking has happened three or four times in the past six months or so . Usually i wake up while doing some arbitrary things like emptying trash bins or washing my hands in the kitchen . As i come to consciousness, i am usually confused and don't remember what i was doing before or why i was suddenly compelled to do so .
 The other driver's bumper was slightly off-set, but other than, in fine shape . Now i need to fix my transmission, alignment, sway bar, and a variety of other small fixes for which i do not have the money for, all because i didn't think it was necessary to get the ladies insurance information after the accident and now my college bound budget is paying the price .
 This wasn't actually today, couple of years back (17 at the time) but still, i feel you should all know and laugh! i all begin with going to a friends party (hawaiian) where a lot of friends were going as well . as i was underage i couldn't go to the shop and buy some beer so i had to scout around the house to find some sufficient alcohol . i stumble upon an un-opened liter bottle of jd. jackpot!
 Recently my headset stopped working so i have been using earbuds to listen to games and videos on my computer . i wanted to watch a movie on netflix and having no speakers other than the earbud i decided to move my computer closer to my bed so i could lay in it an watch the movie . The rubber feet on the glass desk made it bounce a bit . The one slight inch or two killed my computer so i just turned it off and went to bed .
 My town has the fireworks show at the park two blocks from my house . Instead of going through the trouble of finding parking we just sit on our roof and watch the show . Well me being the total idiot i am i left the window to my second story bedroom window wide open with the light on. coming in from my roof i notice a few flies in my room .
 He dropped by my place after work a couple times, it was just a lot of talking . He said he just wanted to talk, and talk he does, just needs to vent . He has a wife and a small daughter . He texted me to tell me that he told his wife this morning he's leaving her .
 Well lets say i am a women who loves the pubes. likes to have them trimmed/cut and simple. well its my time of the month and mother nature just knocked on the door. So i was running late for my morning classes. so i grabbed a pad from my cabinet in a hurry and didn't even bother to look if i put it on right. c'mon now, i've done it a bunch of times i think i'm a pro here!
 i'm basically done and getting a little fast and loose with the scissors, which is when i cut my sack pretty good . i finally put a band-aid on it and went out with the gf, hoping that i would be able to duck out into the bathroom at some point, remove the band aid, and proceed to have sexytimes .
 i've been a virgin for so long. too long. i don't want to give numbers but, much longer than any of my friends. so naturally, when the opportunity came to have intercourse, i over thought things to a grave and dark extent . The next day, being the internet addict that most of us are, i researched for hours the proper blowjob etiquette, and somewhere along my research, i read that pineapple can make your semen taste sweet. i had 4 days to prepare my testicles. over a gallon and around 1 and a half pineapples every day. The next morning, i jumped in the shower with my mind set on what i was about to do.
 i was going to use a throwaway for this but i deserve to be shit on for this . i was pretty drunk and decided to piss into an empty beer cup . i actually held it in my mouth for a split second, in disbelief, and then spit it out .
 The cops were extremely nice and didn't give a single mic or me any fines . However the conversation with my parents didn't go over well so i now no longer will be attending the out of state college i  earlier planned on, prom, or graduation parties, all privileges revoked ( including phone and car) and am stuck in my room for a seemingly long time .
 i'm a 16 year old girl and i'm quite small. like any lazy day i was downing a total of two whole packs (12 in each pack) of these sugar-free mints called breathsavers . in about an hour i was getting that terrible gurgly sound from the deep depths of my stomache . After a little research i figured out the culprit was sorbitol. this artificial sugar alcohol is used in any \"sugar-free\" foods and apparently eating it in excess may cause \"explosive diarrhea\"
 i was sitting on my couch eating a pear when i decided to throw it into garbage . The core bounced off the ceiling and hit a couple other objects before landing unceremoniously on the ground . i thought that since it was just a white ceiling, i could paint over the spot with some white paint that they had left over after finishing the house . Instead of covering up the stain, i just made it more noticeable .
 i've had some problems with my arm recently, and this was the breaking point . i heard a loud \"pop\" and a shooting pain in my elbow . i was shouting every curse word i've known, and apparently, that's grounds for suspension in the ihsa .
 Teacher asked a question about a video game made in japan titled \"rapeplay\" where the goal of the game is to rape girls . He then explained that it was completely legal, and our class was obviously uncomfortable about it . i answered that since it is harder to get illegal guns than it is in the usa so the game was more realistic to japanese people .
 i've been bulimic for a while and in order to hide the teeth marks, i tried to use other instruments to trigger my gagging . In my pathetic desperation to vomit, i started throwing up but using (unwrapped) tampons . One day i swallowed a little bit but thought nothing of it, a bit farther into it i just gulped it whole all of a sudden . i was so scared, i rushed for my toothbrush and started shoving it down there to try and throw the tampon back up . i ended up with a mess of vomit and blood all over my hands and toilet .
 over the past few months i have had many problems with my current school and obtaining admission . Student loans are having problems right now so i may have to pay out of pocket and be reimbursed . All of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste .
 At the end of the meal she was being very playful in an erotic sort of way . She was still at attention at this point, but thankfully it was dark enough that nobody noticed . She quickly yanked her shorts back up and walked out of the room, but she was no longer in a fit .
 i have adhd medication in my cabinet at home that i need to take . i grab the wrong bottle, and popped two hydrocodone . i'm a lot more sensitive to prescription drugs, so painkillers make me hallucinate . i then head to work, arriving on time, when the effects set it. i sit at my desk, and my keyboard starts melting. then my laptop grew a face and began yelling at me. turns out the laptop wasn't yelling, it was my boss. then i turn to look at my boss and i see a demon. then the floor turned into lava and everything started sinking and melting.
 i was in the bed of a truck, just stopped at a local bar, decided i could just hop our and nope! my knee buckled and i was on the ground . It's 3am local time and the doctors aren't open till 9am. here's to hoping it won't be too expensive!
 Firefighters had to re-do the entire ceiling of the 3rd floor of a 3rd-floor apartment . Firefighters were able to shut off the geyser after 4 or 5 minutes and crazy firefighter tools . All the carpet and hardwood in my apartment had to be ripped up and replaced .
 i was laying in bed and my toenail on my toe next to my pinky on my left foot was getting snagged in my blanket cause it had a slight hangnail . so, i decided to just pull it off. as soon as i begin, before there is ever a chance for correction, the nail goes on a straight downward angle . i then promptly cringed my teeth as hard as humanly possible and quickly tore off the whole thing. i was almost in tears, and now a couple hours later i'm left with that pesky uberly sensitive pink skin under the nail...
 this actually happened when i was around 8 or 9 so this is more of a 6yaifu . i was really sick with a fever and a bad cold and i didn't know what diarrhea was . i usually don't worry about people smelling it because i'm an only child and there usually isn't anybody outside my family at my house .
 i guess you could say this all started yesterday, i took my girlfriend to the cinemas, paid for a movie and in the middle of it she just whispered to me that we were over because i had eaten all the popcorn .    There was probably more to it than me just eating popcorn, but i wouldn't know . After a run, i came back and went straight to the small couch of my flat and started doing it with tears coming down my face .
 The student left his guitar on his expensive headphones in his guitar class . He was sent out to do an assignment and skipped class to skip class, work in peace, or... get intimate . He ripped his jeans in the crotch while sitting in the sex hall with a friend of mine .
 i've been talking to this girl for a few months, we talk everyday for hours and i had been to visit her a couple of times before.*important*:she already knows i have a crush on her! More recently i was feeling like there really is a connection there so i was super excited to go and see her again . After a really nice day of hanging out and having fun we basically end up falling asleep together on her bed cuddling .
 A friend and a friend were at a college conference in Chicago when they were evicted from the hotel . The hotel had a strict no alcohol policy, but they received noise complaints from guests . The night manager decided she's had enough and brought a security guard up to their room . She then told them that one more noise complaint and they would be kicked out .
 This is not a slam against transgender/sexuals/etc. if you are engaged in any of that stuff that is your business . In her 'about me' section it said: measurements are 36c-29-36 **with a fully functional 7 in. surprise .
 Tennis is the first strenuous activity i've had in a while, so my thighs were aching like a bitch . i waited it out, and this morning they were still hurting, so i decided to use some icy-hot so i could get through practice after i took my morning shower . turns out, my underwear and shorts scraped up all of the icy hot from my thighs and collected it on my ass .
 i'm on vacation in europe, in my hometown, when i was out late last night so i woke up around noon . i can't stop looking at this girl. next thing you know she gets up to go to the bathroom . She was wearing tight jeans. She had the entire package. beautiful face, slim waist, thick ass, and legs to kill for .
 i should inform you that we have one of those dyson cyclone vacuums that has the cylinder that you detach and then press the button to empty from the bottom . i had gotten most of it back into the vacuum when the garbage bag was caught by the vacuum and tipped over, spilling the rest of the vacuum's prior contents onto the floor . i cursed silently, turn the vacuum back on and go to work .
 i recently got new car with manual transmission. given that last time i drove stick was about 20 years ago i am still trying to get used to it, but i love it! i push the clutch in, start the car, but forget to put gear in neutral. this scared the hell out of my daughter pretty bad i guess .
 i wake up from a nap after i get home from school, and i have to pee . so i step outside and start peeing into the bushes next to some firewood . i must have startled this little lizard, so he scurries out which in turn startles me . i was curious, so i pick up the log a little bit to see him, and as i'm holding it my dog rushes me knocking me off balance . the log falls on his little arm, shoulder, and part of his head . i couldn't just let him slowly die so i look around for something to put him out of his misery with a shovel .
 The pain of the cut is so bad that i have to pull my arm out of the case of my pen . It's not the first time i've been to the hospital with a cut, but it's a good thing to have a good time for a good laugh .
 An almost married man in his early 30's can't contain himself not to be aroused by those young sexy appealing girls . The waitress, oh my god the waitress, they were hot . The only think i can think of all night, is to go back at my place and fuck the hell out of my girlfriend . After a few more drinks we go to the bar to conclude the night and of course i'm still thinking about sex .
 A bmw m5 hit the car's driver side door with full momentum and my head whip lashed over the frame of the door . i fell off the seat and the world went momentarily black as i laid on the ground . The door had to be totally replaced because i crushed the impact bar, the window mechanism and the lock .
 i shit so much it piled up and no water was visible in the bowl . When i tried to flush noting happened, it just stayed. i felt so embarrassed about it that i didn't tell them about it. It was my first (and last) time over there. The toilet may also be broken.
 My roommate's assigned spot is to the right of mine, and to park i approach from the left, so i have to watch my right-front corner so it doesn't hit her rear-left corner . This time i misjudged the distance between my car's front bumper and my roommate's car's rear bumper and ended up bumping into it . Both our parents have been called for advice and whatnot .
 Last night i decided to go out drinking with some friends, one of whom i used to have strong feelings for . One of them drank almost an entire bottle of alcohol before heading to the bars . After she got tipsy drunk, she stopped and started giving her water...i however, kept drinking . proceeded to spill my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings for her .
 i ate taco bell and a prune smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well and when she came in, i panicked and shit my self . it stained the white sheets and now my gf isn't talking to me . My grandmother knows we weren't having sexy time .
 My mate and i were on our way to a party when i thought the train was leaving . i thought it was leaving and proceeded to commando dive onto the train and break all the beers in my bag . my friend then casually walks in after me and asks me what the fuck i am doing . turns out the train really did leave for 10 minutes .
 i dropped a glass measuring cup on on the ground and it shattered . i cleaned it all up and noticed one of the pieces had a large sharp edge to it . naturally, i started cutting things with it, seeing how sharp it was, and it worked very well . i cut a piece of cardboard that i thought it would have trouble cutting through (and it did) and i cut it too forcefully .
 i decided to show off my ability to do a complete backbend from a standing position . halfway down, my ass exploded an unholy cocktail if whiskey, shame, and misfortune . near tears, i crafted a lame drunken excuse to leave. if they found out, they never mentioned it.
 i-94 is a snowy icy day here in mn (shocker right?), and on my way home, i take an entrance ramp to get onto i-95 . Two state trooper squad cars appear on the side dealing with another collision . So me being the law abiding citizen decides to switch to the inner lane so i dont get ticketed for not doing it . 2 seconds later i collide with the side barrier and now my bumpers are wrecked .
 Something crunchy was under the arch of my foot when i stepped in to the shower . It wasn\u2019t me and whatever it was it should not be under my foot . i found a spider flattened like a pancake, all 8 of his legs dangling in the flowing water . The thought of that crunchy feeling still gives me shivers .
 The beagle climbed on the bed and was dragging his ass across the portion of the sheets i wasn't on, howling . Then he promptly walked over to my surprised face and plopped his butt on my neck .sure enough the gasses erupted, one fart after another, expunged into my face . i tried to smack him off the bed, and he plopped down with a bark, shitting on the carpet .
 A cancer patient was hired to work the second shift with me . She refused to take time off, and instead drags her irradiated, neuropathic, exhausted self to work every night . She didn't show up for work on friday evening, and not calling anyone to let them know that she can\u2019t make it in . Police were called, and they found her in her car in the employee parking garage, where she refused any ems treatment .
 The new girlfriend has always been very anti-blowjob in her life, but she wanted to try it out with me and found that she actually loves it . After a few days of that, we then decide to give the 69 position a try because i love going down on her too . But in this particular situation of her sitting on my face with my dick in her mouth turned out to be not quite so good . She also began sucking on my dick like she was trying to do a vacuum cleaner impression .
 i was smoking some weed and playing some fifa with a couple of friends . It was all going pretty good before friend no. 1 decided he wanted to go to sleep and i had the urge to ingest some cough syrup . After doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high . i feel better now but really drowsy and sleepy. any ideas on how to get this out of the system?
 i've been feeling under the weather for the past couple of days . things are crazy with work so i don't want to take any more time off . i'm feeling miserable and then in my desk, i remember i have some cold medicine . i pop one down the hatch and keep along my merry way . upon further inspection, i have taken something to clear sinus congestion. that wasn't my problem. My problem was a runny nose .
 i told my roommate that it wasn't possible to room with him since he's not a student manager . i also got a text from my old roommate saying that he just got into an apartment that had girly packaging and stuff, and mentioned the room number . since i was in the middle of a game, i kept playing, and didn't respond to either of them until an hour later .
 i was sitting at my desk carrying on with my bid'ness as usual when my monitors start to pulsate . after about five minutes i realize it's getting exponentially worse and my reaction time is slowing (including my speaking) and my eyes are beginning to close . i realize i'm gonna have to find somewhere to sleep because i am about to pass the fuck out . i looked everywhere on my level of the building, and i vaguely remember walking into my friend's office while he was in the middle of a meeting and just sitting on a chair .
 the final was actually monday but i had it in my calendar as being on t Tuesday . So this morning i showed up to my class ready for my final after getting up at 6am this morning only to find an empty classroom . on the plus side i was able to get in touch with my professor and schedule a make up .
 This is the story of a game between friends and friends . One of them got defensive and started blaming other people for not making the best decisions . Another friend got very angry when i sent the message to him, he left and then got very quiet . The game was about to be played on skype .
 The job is a great stepping stone into what could potentially be my dream job, but the job is very, very easy . Because i'm on probation i can be terminated at any time . The only thing i was ever told to be mindful of was attendance because most people that don't keep their job have attendance issues .
 i have trouble lifting 50 pound amplifiers by myself, without a roadie's aid . My aunt had just passed, and we're having a graveside service and it's rather small . Since it's such a small service, i am obligated to do so. myself, and my 3 cousins go up to lift the casket, and, boy, this thing is heavy for a man of my weak stature .
 i got a three month membership to the local gym for Christmas and wanted to work with the head of staff . The contract was supposed to last for a year, but he said he would cancel it . Now he says he has been frozen out of the contract for three months . He says he is going to have to wait until he can get his money back .
 i was working today and went to go get me and my manager coffees at a starbuck's within a stop and shop . After snapping the lid off, the lid went off and spilled all over the table with cream, sugars, and stirrers and all over a trash can . i realize i am an asshole but it was out of pure awkwardness and panic .
 In short occasionally i will fall short on finding a good gift for mother's day or other \"holidays\" but i will always call whomever that day . My mom gets pissed as my brother completely forgot as well, won't talk to either of us, which don't blame her for.
 i'll admit, i waited until the last minute, maybe that was my first fu. maybe that wasn't my first . going through the ordering process on auto-pilot, it seems as if i just didn't read the headings and switched billing address with shipping. confirmation email... read it? cmooooooon. i am perplexed as we don't have (human) kids so reaching for the card it suddenly clicks what these might be .
 girl at work dropped these major hints and i'm too oblivious to realise until now . \"Girl x asked if you were single and then said 'interesting' when she found out you were\" \"Me neither, we should go on a date!\" \"i haven't been to watch a film in ages\"
 i got very drunk there in a short period of time, then he brought out the bottle of tequila and poured everybody shots . Being the idiot i am, i said \"i'll have the bottle!\" and polished off the three or four shots that were left in it . Luckily i barely got any on myself, so i cleaned up and went to bed .
 The story is about a young man's relationship with his sister . He says he's no longer interested in religion, and he's now agnostic . The story ends up being a huge family scandal when it gets back to his parents, he says, and they're going to make him hate his life .
 This story happened before reddit was even a thing, but i figured tifu would enjoy it . i was 19 (almost 26 now) and an avid churchgoer and superchristian . i had recently made a myspace bulletin about wanting a pair of heelys because i thought they were the coolest damn thing on the planet . i decided, being off of work and school this next day, that i would spend time learning how to use my newfound transportation . The road in front of my house is not paved, nay, it is rough grade asphalt . Rough grade asphalt tends to produce errant rocks made of a strong material that cannot be of this earth .
 i went to get my eyes checked out about a week ago at cohen's fashion optical and it turns out i have slight astigmatism, -0.75 cycle . i use them for two days, and they're horrible. i have to constantly blink my eyes, otherwise my vision will get blurry. i don't even see a difference in the quality of my eyesight .
 Shaving the hair off of your ass was the seminal moment of your adolescence, i mark this as 'once you start... you cannot stop' i now understand how the mind of a serial killer works, it's gradualism. i started to believe in god because i now know that he created hair and put it on our ass because of friction. by the way, fuck friction, fuck it... fuck it, i cried, i contemplated suicide. i asked the god who i now believed in why? was i an unrighteous man?
 i was skyping with this girl i like and her friend for a couple hours before just talking on the phone with both them . i was looking through my facebook and came across a picture of jessica simpson over the years and her weight gain . Her friend said \"what you don't like fat girls?\" and me trying to come back from that idea said \"i do, that's why i'm flirting with (insert girl's name)\" that's when i realized my mistake .
 A 16'' double-dildo, vibrators and a 16'' dildo were among the toys found at the house of a house-sitter . The cleaning person discovered the toys, but i didn't want to know what the dude did with it . i could not, would not look the man in the eye after he discovered my dong collection . When i got around to look for my stuff, i found some stash that would put my toy collection to shame .
 my dad has been using ios 4.shit on his iphone 3gs since forever and whatsapp stopped working sometime last month . After being bothered everyday since then i decided to update his phone and install that damn thing . After installing the program i realize his contacts are missing, i go into full panic mode when i realize what just happened .
 i met a nice girl in my neighborhood, and got to know her more . i ended up having a crush on her, casually moving towards the \"more than friends\" zone . i was noticing a trend in the park right in front of my house, where there would be a group of teenagers smoking/dealing weed outside of my home every week . little did i know that this girl i met was related to one of the teenagers, and me, being an idiot, told her all about the incidents . She said that if anything happened to her relative, she would never talk to me again .
 Some of my buddies were playing soccer one morning so i joined up with them . After a few minutes of kicking the ball around, the guy playing goalie shouts to me, \"hey, 100 bucks if you can score on me from there!\". He was playing way off the line so i just had to get it over his head . But as soon as i struck the ball, he realized he was still in his bed, dreaming .
 Last Friday, i decided to try out anal sex . The next day, however, when i went to do my business, i noticed blood on the tp. The next week consisted of some very painful poops . It started healing up and was better and better each time .
 A year ago i showed my housemate a picture of a funny gif, he thought it was hilarious and asked where i found it . He asked if i could send him all the bookmarks, but they synced across both accounts . i deleted them from my bookmarks and forgot about everything . Fast forward almost a year...to today i've recently discovered the joys of dashlane password manager .
 A picture of a girl dancing with a friend's sister was sent to a group where my friend is . The picture was sent by a friend of his friend, who recognized the girl as his sister . She started to get closer and closer and we started kissing . i think my friend ain't that mad .
 i went to bed at 2 am (due to reddit) and woke up at 5:50 am to go to school, so i was very tired . when i was brushing my teeth, a big glob of toothpaste fell out of the tube and onto my hand . due to my tired state, i didn't notice it until it was too late . i did not realize that i had spead colgate all over my lushious locks .
 This is another one of those tifus that actually happened a few months ago, but i didn't feel ready to re-visit this escapade until i'd moved out of my family home . For a good 3 days in the summer i had been eating nothing but homemade nachos . The night after this 3 day binge i woke up with constipation for the first time, and it is the most severe pain i have ever encountered .
 Me and my friend (who was bitching about his throat) were walking home from a late night 7/11 trip . On the way home this lady with her baby needed to use my phone to call the police on her abusive boyfriend . So she did and then the police came and they called an ambulance for him . The ambulance came and the medics were looking at him and they said they had to take them to the hospital . He tried to convince them not to take him but he is a minor and he didn't have a choice and they left with him .
 i work at a somewhat small marketing firm, my cubicle is in the far end and no one is around me . i set my phone to vibrate and put it between my thigh and squeeze . midway through the thing my boss shows up and starts talking about some ideas for a project we're working on . He stood there for a while and the tension kept building up, and the thought that i was pleasuring myself in front of a stranger who's clueless to it didn't help... i tried to hold it, but normally i don't let the vibration go that long... i started sweating, my voice and breath got heavy, and i started squirming a bit .
 i'm currently a guest in a house that is off grid for water and gas and has expensive electricity . i'm staying in a little guest house that gets rainwater pumped in from the main house...the pump being situated above the master bedroom . i had mouthwash but due to its bacteria killing properties i was forbidden from using it as it would kill the bacteria in the waste treatment underground .
 In 2004, two of my friends and i were crashing at one of our friend\u2019s house . One of them had marijuana and ex-lax, but one of us had weed, even though ~~we~~ they may not partake in that activity anymore . After a solid ten minute coughing spree, we made our way back to the family room, there was a plate of brownies waiting for us on the coffee table .
 i was so drunk that i could barely walk, i have no idea how i got home, or how i payed the taxi driver that took me home, got inside the house, locked the door, put myself to bed or anything else . i woke up all hungover (obviously) and now it turns out i apparently lost my glasses somewhere .
 i (m 15) live about a mile away from wendys, and decided to spend my friday afternoon with my friends . i got a classic, chocolate, frosty and and joking eat it with a plastic knife . When we were about halfway back, walking on the dirt path when i turn around for a second and to my surprise trip a bit . woah that was close, i almost died. so stupid me thinks it would be a god idea to keep this knife in my mouth and test my luck again. well you guessed it a couple feet later clumsy me trips in a random rock and down goes goodman .
 The writer's brother works at a sales job and the last friday of every month they have a big drink up at the bar near their office . It's an open bar to pretty much anyone who says, \"oh yeah, i'm with the company\"  so i usually end up showing up and we hang out and get super drunk .
 i woke up this morning when my girlfriend was going to work and i took it upon myself to rub one out . My girlf doesn't like it when i jerk it and it makes her upset, so i was feeling guilty . So i showered and then got ready for a meeting with some classmates about a presentation we have to make tomorrow about france, belgium and the netherlands during the holocaust . i was mid-sentence about anne frank or something when a load of cum slithered out of my dickhole .
 The author's grandfather measured his waist with a tape measure and measured his arm and head . He then measured his hand in a similar way to how his erect penis sticks out from his body when aroused . It turns out that's not a bad way to estimate the size of one's wang .
 i was going to the uk from brussels to visit some of my friends there for a week . i was meeting a different friend of mine yesterday night for dinner . One thing led to another, i got home wasted after an amazing night of beer, champagne and free drinks . After cleaning up half digested burger and fries, along with all the drinks was too much .
 My landlord will only allow one person to have their name on the lease for the apartment and will only accept rent from one person, which is me . My roommates have no legal obligations . My other roommate is not legally obligated to pay the portion of rent that the other guy leaves if he leaves early, leaving me to pay his share for the 3-4 months left before moving out .
 This was actually last night. i was at a slightly stoopid concert, and my friend and i had just finished some 40's and some tree music . i was groovin' so hard to the music i just needed someone to dance with. i try dancing with one, and she wasn't into it. A few minutes later i start dancing with the other and she got pretty into it grinding on me. she kept looking back and giggling. i couldn't figure out what the fuck was going on. after a few songs we started talking a little more, and i asked where she went to school. she giggled real hard and said \" i don't go to school hun
 The car makes a beeping noise when the doors open and the keys are in the ignition, so i switched the key to the accessory position - didn't think much of it . Later that evening after dropping her off, i noticed the srs light on my dash . It's reporting a fault with the sensor in the passenger seat .
 The first time since october i decided to go for a run, and try to get back in shape . However my right thigh really cramped up after i got back . i grabbed the \"icy-hot\" (a sort of pain relief) cream i often use when my back is sore, and put it right where it hurt the most, the innermost part of my thigh .
 i am in grad school to finish my masters of social work degree . My plan was to go on leave at my current job . This would allow me to balance the internship and school work while not dying from exhaustion . But, my job thinks that i'm quitting (as they just denied my request for leave and pto).
 The worst part is that i have a job lined up for january 13th and now i have to tell my boss about the fuck up and maybe have my offer declined . The professor is an extremely hard grader with no teaching ability to merit it . The average % in the class was a 58. i got a 54, and he would not bump me up .
 No, i didn't shit myself, but it wasn't loads better. The last day of lectures and a big programming project hand in day meant i was knackered. i am also a big guy, and of my skills good balance isn't one of them. The student, middle-aged woman and old man seem reasonably ok with the situation .
 A coworker at a tech company asked me to help him set up a second database for one of our apps . The original version of app came up with no data . The coworker was trying to be a good sport about it, but he said it was hard to do .
 i'm positing this under a throw-away, because i don't want to make anyone else feel badly . i was looking forward to extra work hours and a bonus on my december 15th check, so i decided to help other people out . i finished my christmas shopping for family, signed up for reddit secret santa, paid all the monthly bills.... and then came down with influenza . i missed 8 days of work, plus two doctor visits and a prescription of tamiflu, and i am down a cool $1000 from my \"projected budget\"
 Today i said a sexist comment about how women right were a joke since we were talking about rights in social class so i got the death stare from this one girl who has a mighty wraith and i thought she was going to kill me . i was apologizing  to everyone in my class and tried explaining it was a joke from somewhere . i'm not a sexist male i think male and females should have equal rights .
 i stayed up all night last night because i needed to catch up on a really important controlled assessment that i was behind on . When i woke up my laptop had been restarted, and the last thing i had been browsing was /r/wtf . The last link that i viewed on it was an imgur album with pictures of a man branding the head of his penis .
 The house is pretty big, so when people go off on their way with dishes... sometimes those dishes don't get back quickly to the kitchen . i myself have to deal with 3 flights of stairs to get to a sink . My family has an atrocious way of dealing with all things culinary all of it .
 As soon as i was able to prove to scd that the machine was really broken, he fired me. (told in my dads perspective) \"yep. not a good day. Not a bad day,\" says my dad, who was a self-centered dick .
 i recently got knee surgery and after the surgery, the doctor informed me that i would experience constipation, pain, etc.; the standard stuff . The next day, things are going well besides the slight discomfort in my tummy, so i tell my mom i'm going to the bathroom. \"don't push too hard! you'll get hemorrhoids!\" bitch, please. i am expert as far as biblical shits go. so i sit down and engage in another encounter bout with the turtle-head .
 At a political science convention in a major city in texas, a student struggled with her weight . She turned to the internet for tips to lose a few inches around her waist for a photo shoot . She used a whole roll of duct tape to make sure she was comfortable in front of politicians and a senator .
 i woke up this morning to an abundance of rain . My hair is an excess of frizz, fluff and curls. A flat iron and products are my best friends. The family across the street is getting their kids in the car.  i wave, knowing i look like an idiot, but they just stare at me .
 An african grey has a vocabulary of over 150 words, and is capable of forming random sentences and shit . Here are a few examples from his 8-year-old owner's hobby of teaching him the most foul things . He has also learned how to say \"help, i\u00b4ve been turned into a parrot!\" a few years ago .
 i was dreaming and in my dream, a cockroach was about to [fly at me]. i raised my hand in defence and covered myself in a blanket, the roach landed and was crawling around the blanket, i thought i felt it near my hand and bashed it away as hard as i could in four quick open hand slaps. full force. full . full force .
 i decided to take my laptop to classes today to work on an outline . during my economics class, i was copying over a powerpoint to friend a's flash drive . after it's finished, i closed out of the window, but didn't close the application. next thing i know, i see a porn window open behind it . of course, friends a and b see it (both of whom have overprotective parents), and i'm pretty sure the teacher saw it .
 i have working with a certain company down here in alabama who does electronic recycling, and they also sell products like computers, servers, switches, and a whole lot of other business equipment . i have worked with this company for about 2 years and 3 months with no write ups or really any disciplinary action, and the next day i am just completely terminated . i posted an ad on craigslist to repair computers on my own time after work .
 For about 2-months solid, i've been driving like a complete fuck-up . i didn't know that you're not supposed to leave your high-beams on, in the occasion someone passes you . so i *literally* blinded everyone i passed . i think i should just ride a scooter instead, now.
 The boy's thumb dislocated itself on his way to class and walked out of class to get it back in place . The boy was in a wrestling match with a member of a group that he was wrestling with . He blocked my punch with his forearm by swatting it against my punch, directly at my poorly positioned thumb .
 Yesterday afternoon, my mom told me that she needed my laptop tomorrow (today) morning to work because hers was broken . later that night, i was watching porn. i usually open a lot of tabs of porn videos, and do other things while they buffer so i don't have to wait while i'm at it. so i finish up and close my laptop. so the next day (today), i wake up to my mom's thunderous roar. she was pissed off and yelling about how embarrassed she was and shit, so i demanded an explanation. she told she went to our urbanization's clubhouse with my laptop because our internet signal . She wanted use the clubhouse's internet wireless signal,
 My girlfriend is 23, good looking, smart girl who loves sex . My exwife is an unnattracive 27y/o with an evil attitude and a vicious relationship history . She has always been very jealous of my gfs looks . She asked why i was jerking off if she was taking care of me? i tried to remind her that i jerked off when we were together but she didn't seem to care . i made up stories about how long it has been since my gf and i had sex . i led her to believe that i was sex starved.
 This is my first post, but i feel that this should be announced to the internet . i love skiing, and on the day of my fuck up, i was somewhat hungry after a day at the terrain park . After getting changed, i'm feeling slightly peckish, and i make my way to a cafe that was near the resort where i was skiing . i don't feel like a cup of earl gray, so i say, i'll take the cookie . as  i began eating it, i noticed it had rock hard bits in it, and the bits tasted like shit .
 i don't drink much, but when i do, i always drink too much, and i always eat a load of mcdonalds . i ended up leaving 20 nuggets and 3 large servings of chips in the sink next to the toilet . After retching for a while, my girlfriend tried (without luck) to both turn the tap onto cold, and to get the chips to fit into the stupidly designed plug . The sink has turned into a terrible hot mess of vomit and half digested chips .
 i heard a splootch sound and my ass got hot all of a sudden. luckly there was minimal pizza leakages on to my pants . Pictures of the devastation can be added if needed/requested .edit: here's the carnage http://imgur.com/hn1azkr .
 Every day when i come home from work or school (i'm sixteen) i use the restroom . i always reddit while on the toilet because the only thing that would make that situation is better is food . So i leave the restroom after about half an hour and go for my room, but my mother follows me . She then proceeds to tell me masturbating is unhealthy, especially so much .
 i had a coughing fit and lost control of my anus . luckily, my underwear absorbed most of it and i was able to clean up ok and just toss them out . no one would have even known if i wasn't a redditor who assumed shitting yourself is completely normal .
 During the breaking bad episode last night i got a notification about one of my tweets on #breakingbad . The reply to my tweet said that i won a copy of the boxed edition breaking bad dvd set . i went to the site, redeemed my code, and gave the scammer my address, email, and phone number .
 This is why you don't play drunk, says bassist . He fell flat on a table at a 30-year-old school reunion and landed on his knee . He says he was too drunk to notice the injury until he got into his car this morning . The injury is now agonizing .
 In high school, we had a rookie party after the season was over and i was 10/10 blackout . The next morning, my body turned on me and i puked and puked until i couldn't puke anymore . i still shudder to think of my parents walking in on that scene .
 A week ago, at my grandma's house, i got sick of puking all over the bathroom . The bathroom layout is kind of like this: the back of the sink and toilet are on the same wall as the door, the top wall, and the drain and shower head are in the right wall . i assume someone clogged the toilet and left it. After about two minutes of this, i had lost enough breath that i was close to passing out .
 i am not religious myself but i'll skip straight to the point. i just started yelling and telling them to shut up but they wouldn't listen to me . The very next day as i walk in the door, almost everyone ran out of the room and left me alone in the room .
 A few months ago i received an old japanese arisaka rifle from my grandfather after he passed . When i was shouldering the gun, my finger must have moved ~~out of instinct and squeezed the trigger~~, but the whole moment is a blur to me, even now . After i realized that the gun had just fired, i quickly started going over the weapon to figure out what had just happened .
 i wasn't feeling well this morning and decided not to eat anything before going to a job interview at 2 pm. as i was sitting in the lobby, i started getting very dizzy and felt like i was going to vomit . instead of waiting to vomit, i wandered down the hall and found a kitchen but i couldn't find a garbage can . as i found my way into a copy room where i promptly fainted and face planted on a copy machine .
 this weekend i went to a crawfish boil/bbq where there was a large bonfire . i was completely hammered and i began to fall down into the pile of wood to be burned as i gathered it, leaving me with a few very minor scrapes on my arms and stomach . fast forward to monday when i begin to notice that some of the scrapes are becoming itchy and inflamed. fast forward yet again to today (th Thursday), when i finally realize that i somehow came into contact with poison ivy and have evidently scratched it, spreading it onto several areas of my body, including pretty much my entire genital region .
 \"git reset\" deletes files on disk, and so i lost my past month of work . Instead of using reset, i used \"git rm -r -r *\" to delete files . The mistake was a mistake that left the files on the disk instead of the actual files .
 i study in an european country, and had just gotten back from summer vacation . The following munchies resulted in a personal best at the local takeaway shop . After a long and hard feast we had finally eaten up everything, the only piece of food left, was this crust from my pizza . i engulfed it like a hungry child from the african wilderness which haven't eaten in weeks, and was more inhaling it rather than eating it .
 As i got out of my car i locked it behind me. The cat ran away, and i went in to eat. My pockets were light so i did the triple tap. It was no good... $50 dollars and 20 minutes late to get back to work and i the shop guys are offering me hammers :(
 My friend (girl) lives in student housing and one of the rules is no guys sleeping over and they have to be out by 11 pm. well since i used to live in the same complex the managers knew what my car looked like so i left a little past curfew on a few occasions and slept over one night . she is now getting evicted.
 i was reading an article on r/seddit about this guy who picks up women using sites like plentyoffish.com and shit like that, and i was bored, so i signed up there for free . But, it turns out you can't even send a message back or read more than one message without subscribing .
 i was out with a few friends and my girlfriend celebrating green beer day, an annual tradition at my school the thursday before spring break . unknowingly this cheap green beer and fish sandwich cocktail was brewing in my stomach to create the worst gas on earth . i am talking like walk into a house with a dead body that has been there for a month bad .
 So a couple weeks ago i pre order kavinsky's - outrun album on cd and have been eagerly awaiting for it to arrive . A few days ago i bought a new stereo for my car with the main attraction being bluetooth calling/hands-free . So when i go to put the cd in, i realize that my stereo doesn't have cd playback .
 \"Eight-pumped\" is a term i made up to describe a sexual act consisting of a mere eight strokes . i named it gatsby for the purpose of this story because it likes to party and have fun but goes for the wrong woman and inevitably gets into a lot of trouble .
 A student comes barreling down the hall at top speed and his shoulder collides with my face . When i come up i realize i'm laying flat on my back and there's a web of white in front of my left eye . i sit up and what seems to be the entire student body is staring at me my nose is bleeding .
 i was home alone and i went outside to check up on my rabbit and my chickens (to make sure everything was okay for the night) when i walked past the pond i saw one goldfish lying upside down at the surface . assuming he was dead i reached over and of course my brand new phone falls into the quite blurry water . my phone is almost peeing water at this moment and i suddenly remember a lifehack that i read this site once (the put your phone in rice-lifehack)
 Dog likes to pee in hallway when nobody is awake to take her out at three in the morning . People have been asking \"whats that smell?\" but no one has found out it was my backpack . Everything in my backpack, or at least everything at the bottom, has a terrible piss oder to it .
 A girl in her class sat in the same class and sit together every day . She was already there when i was coming in, so i thought it would be a great idea if i went up and gently patted her on the shoulder to let her know i was there . She let out a huge shriek, alerting every one arounnd that i was, in fact, an asshole .
 i just lost it! i couldnt stop laughing for like 10 minutes! i had to go out in the hall and just giggle to myself for the last 5 of those 10 mins. in the video a narrator says \"during a womans period mucus and blood is expelled from the vagina\" A friend of mine leaned over and said; \"bless you.\"
 i wasn't paying attention when uploading pictures to the gallery for everyone to view for the respect of artistic beauty and uploaded a picture that is considered nsfw because it has nudity in it, even if it isn't sexual . i could make another account, but i don't want someone complaining that it's all reposts .
 The story begins like this: i was broke and hungry, and a notorious big eater . i asked for two portions and said that the other one was for a friend . i finished my lovely meal, disposed of the leftovers and walked home and had a wank . Later that evening, it turned out that poseidon was not happy with people who took double servings, and decided to punish me . i woke up around two in the night and felt feverish and a strong push from inside my bowels and down towards my poop-chute . i still have a little scar to remind me of the fierce powers of poseidon.
 On friday, i took a bus from prague to budapest, though i was told it might terminate in bratislava due to bad weather . The bus was stuck in a non-moving traffic jam for about 9 hours, we move an astounding 2km while giant industrial trucks drive past us the opposite way (at lightning fast 5km/hour)
 While sleeping i have a dream of playing gta iv for some reason, and it's wierd cause i've never played that game in forever . In the dream i run a stop sign and end up getting shot and killed by a cop for it . The next thing i know i'm awake with my throat burning, and i'm not breathing,  jump out of bed still not breathing and gasping for air .
 i was on the verge of pissing my pants when i spot a large flatbed tow truck parked on a street that was perfect for a clandestine public urination . The driver was sitting back reclined on the phone when he saw someone right next to his passenger door . i used my pelvic floor muscles and turned away mid piss .
 Once, i was an avid runner, i had slowly worked my way up to 10k with a decent time and was proud . Six months later i decided to go out for a run, but stopped running, smoking, drinking and eating poorly because it all seemed to balance out . at about 9k, i could tell something was wrong. at 9.5k i was woozy and had to stop dead .
 The author was coming back from a date when she felt an urge to fart so she went to the bathroom to release the kracken . Her roommate's boyfriend was going to be there with her when she let it all out . She quickly stammered, \"oh uh, sorry, uhm, bye\" and shut the door .
 Last night my roommate and i decided to play a drinking game based around the show the league . After ten shots of vodka, my roomie nearly died of alcohol poisoning . As i stumbled back to the room, an incredible desire to shit begins to take hold of me . Luckily he had removed his books so the only damage was to the backpack itself .
 When i was 10, i was being a good kid, helping my mom cut up peppers to make summer salad . i was hollowing out a green bell peper of all the white-ish stuff on the inside, including the seeds . right after i finished, it was all pretty, ready to start getting diced up . i decide i'm gonna put water in the hollowed out pepper and act like it's a coconut or some shit *and drink out of it*. i spit it out everywhere .
 My wife can't take birth control so we have to use condoms around her ovulation time . After copulation we are both worn out i pull off the condom and throw it in a trash can that my wife keeps next to the bed, get up take a piss and we watch some netflix for awhile before falling asleep . In the two minutes i fell asleep he had knocked the trash can over and gotten into the garbage . He is chewing on his used dong bag .
 i just started a new job and have been a little stressed about work. i stopped at a gas station, pre paid inside and began pumping gas.  my windshield wiper fluid box has a leak so my windshield is constantly dirty. finished, got in my car, drove away...  with the gas hose still in . it ripped the hose out. after 20 minutes of the gas station attendent calling me an idiot, taking my information, and telling me they just had that pump fixed the day before, i was on my way home .
 i had recently purchased a new cock ring and was confident the gf would enjoy it . My cock is getting pretty engorged at this point and i am super turned on with her reaction to my throbbing, thick cock . i pay no attention to the discomfort and lay down next to my gf for cuddles. i wake up to a dull ache in my groin area. i look down and it looks like my cock has been beat on by mike tyson .
 10am 10am is a teen who is well raised with a loving family and a nice home . No one is home, i load up some sweet mobile pornhub and go for a quiet one in the toilet . As i valiantly let out a ripper of a jizz, my phone slips from the firm grip that once was, catches a bit of jizz on the way down, bounces around the bowl and falls into a pool of toilet water .
 i came back trying to internally transfer to the business school and needed to get a 3.0 gpa in order to do so . i just got my grades back today and found out that i got 3 b's and a b- to give me a 2.97 gpa . i didn't get in and will have to withdraw out of the university because i cannot afford to start fresh in another major .
 i'm typing this now because i couldn't use my right arm on th Thursday . i'm in highschool gym class and we are playing football, its only second period and the grass we are on is still wet from the morning dew . i am a distance runner but we have to play football to get a grade . i sprint after this guy going for the touch down, i miss him, i slip right on my behind about five feet and hurt my left wrist . i get up really quickly and my collar bone feels wrong immediately . i feel the collar bone, definitely broken, and get a medieval torture device that will hold my shoulder in place .
 A senior in college, i've known a girl for a few years and have only had one serious girlfiend in that time . The reason for his lack of a relationship is a combination of things: i'm shy, i'm kind of an asshole, i can never take a hint, i always assume the girl likes someone else .
 A baby turtle was found flipped over in the middle of the fairway on the golf course . The baby turtle is still in his shell, not moving about 1 foot underwater . After a couple of minutes, his shell turns upside down, and sinks to the bottom of the water .
 i planted some grass seed last week and had to water it . i also bought a pocket hose, because although i am neither 5 nor 75 years old, i *am* a lady who does not enjoy lugging 50 pounds of garden hose around the fucking yard . The next-door neighbor rounded the corner of his house and was met with an unobstructed view of my high beams .
 Cops pulled over after a drag race on the way home from a party . The cops had us both step out of our cars and he just gave us a short lecture about safer driving at night . She drives a subaru outback, powered by a 3.0 liter h6 engine, versus my suzuki h6 h6 .
 android doesn't recognize \"sec\" as an adequate phrase, but in its mind, a proper replacement would be the word \"sex\" after turning down this guy, i responded \"one sex\" he thought i was asking for a one night stand . i ended up panicking and blocking his number .
 The other day was a normal day like any other but when i got home, i was feeling the need to fap . The rest of the day was boring so the only thing left for me to do was fap again, and again . The next day, i woke up to take my morning piss and my dick was swollen. whenever i took a piss it hurt so bad and it felt like a had a golf ball in the middle of my dick .
 This past sunday a coworker and friend of mine got married at a bar in Tampa, Florida . The next thing i remember is i'm in a private room with a hot, young, stripper... she looks like the kind of girl i would like to date... she was just really beautiful .
 My daughters birthday is coming up so we decided to make a pinata out of cardboard . We decided to hot glue some of the places that the tape didn't want to stay on . Hot glue dribbled down the side so i used my finger, like the genius i am, to stop it from running all over the pinata. it really hurt so i put it up to my lip...now i have a piece of my lip burnt off .
 When i was 10, i drew a picture of a naked woman, my mom found it in her room . It was the first time i had ever seen porn and i didn't know what it was . i ripped it up and threw it in a garbage can . My mom has a good memory, so i wouldn't be surprised if she still remembers it .
 i had only met this girl a few times and thought she was totally hot . She initiated the exchange of numbers so i decided it is a good enough sign to ask her out for some drinks and dancing . The three of us walk home to my place down the street all of us were way to drunk to drive . My intent was to sleep with her but i forgot about sex .
 Last night i decided it was time to whip out the ol' bongowski . Three hours and 5 rips later i decided to get one of the best pizzas ever from the shop just behind my house . Sadly, the pizza place serves no fries (what kinda pizza places doesn't sell fries ffs?) so i went to the burger shop right next to it . The fries was a fast 1m order; out the frier, frier and poored liquid gold ontop, and in the box .
 i bake fairly often, and i decided to make brownies today . 30 minutes later, i pulled the brownies out of the oven and saw it was bubbling . confused, i thought about what might've caused it before i realized i never added flour . now i have chocolate goop.
 This happened last night, but i figure it's been less than 24 hours, so it's still today . i was already a little off, but the weed took me to a whole new place . After i found out he was half indian, i apologized profusely .
 i'm on a road trip to another state with my husband . i decide hey, we could use a little coffee, so why not grab some for us? we buy the coffee and get in the car (husband is driving now) and start slugging our drinks on the highway . about 10 minutes into the drive i feel unusually tired and lethargic . after wracking my brain, i remember that at our previous stopping point to the little restaurant, i had popped my lithium pill for my mood disorder .
 This is a story from when my brother was 11ish and 9ish and he was 9ish . He was playing smash brothers when it was brand new on the 64 . He kept pausing the game and being all like \"i gotta use the bathroom brb nigga\" He then farted like a anal maniac demon, nothing surprising or unusual here .
 Last night i went to a bar with some friends and didn't feel like being out late . After a lot of drinks and several hours later, i am obliterated. i stumble to my friend's house after some pizza and pass out. The next morning my friend drove me back to the lot to get my car; but it wasn't there. It was the lowest point in college life.
 i should've known it's gonna be a bad day when my younger kitty knocked over a big bell jar and smashed it to pieces . After nemo decided to hit nyc, i checked on the theater's website to see if they offered a refund or a switch for tickets . i had gotten the tickets through nyu (important later) at a discount, but they were still about a hundred bucks . Since my so doesn't really enjoy broadway that much and can't afford tickets (neither can i, but that's a separate issue), the deal is that i buy her ticket too if i want her to come with me .
 A typical friday on january term, it's 1pm, and i'm done with classes for the day . i end up spending at least 30 minutes just finding porn clips to look at . right as i'm just about to blow, i hear the lock being undone to my door . i quickly make a grab for the tissue on my pillow, but it's too late, my roommate has swung open the door .
 There's just something inexplicable about a woman at my local grocery store that has really caught me . The most i've been able to do beside normal checkout pleasantries was make eye contact and exchange smiles . The other night, when all of the sudden, something must have clicked and several ladies actually messaged *me*.
 The girl's ruler was found by her friend . The girl was upset that she had to tell her friend that they had found her ruler . The pair had been chatting about finding the ruler . But then all hell went loose. The girl got mad and got mad . The story is not the worst of all the worst .
 This article is a collection of photos of a paper crane made by a high school student . The crane was the work of a teacher who crumbled it and threw it away . At the end of that school year, most of my nice teachers got one from him, but not him . He had a scowl on his face as he repeatedly crumbled the crane .
 The vice president of the company comes into the bathroom and stands at the urinal next to me . Before he even got there, i was attempting to power off the screen(out of habit) and put my phone back into my pocket...   \u00a0it slipped... \u00a0the amount of terror i felt made me react like a damn ninja . i pissed on it for a second before i realized that it made a shit ton of noise and there was no way i could hide the fact that i just dropped something into the\u00a0 urinal .
 i am 26(f) and my boss is a scary guy, he is paid to be scary . He is trained in interrogation and was a cop for 25+ years before he got into this business . The reality of filing, briefing, and doing absolutely nothing with my degree has started to take it's toll on my mentality .
 Flatmate (22) had never used a microwave before coming to uni, and subsequently tried to make toast in it by moistening the bread and whacking on full power for 20 minutes . He then included a fork the mix and has since made toast on the hob (no pans)
 At 10.55, i got to sleep until 9.15 and took the 10 o' clock bus to get to school around 10.40 . Five minutes into the bus ride, i notice my nose is a little bit runny . It started to drip from my nose . Paper was nowhere to be seen and it drips all the time .
 i know it's disgusting, an outright selfish and abominable thing to do to the poor people who use the sink after me, unwitting to the fact that i've urinated down it . i know there's a lot wrong with me mentally, this is just one of the lovely little things that i do and honestly it's not the worst .
 i had been having diarreah for the better part of the morning (thanks cheap liquor and taco bell) so when i got out of the shower this morning i like to dry my dirty bits by standing in front of a fan . While doing this i had the urge to fart...i violently shit into the fan . The poop got sprayed into a good 6 foot radius all over my bedroom .
 The only irony of this whole thing is they did actually find drugs in the car . The sheriff who's friends with both of my parents is friends with my parents . The only ironic irony is that the cops actually found drugs in my car . i was in my drivers ed car(insurance reduction mothafuck)
 decided to go to the bar tonight and little did i know my mom was there . i somewhat recognized her and gave her a molly (i had taken one as well.) well i get pretty wasted and i was faded from the molly and started chatting up my mom . turns out, i decide to leave the bar with my mom and have sex .
 A group students were just sitting down at the next table, one of them was a little person . The little person looked over in shock and her friends looked at us like we were scum (accurate) my friend turned back facing me and died inside at what she had just done .
 Lydia was visiting her kindergarten class when a boy attacked her with a chair . The boy asked her if she was a boy, and she said, \"but she's a girl!\" The boy also had to sit out recess for his vicious attack . Lydia: \"Now i never want to show my face in that classroom again\"
 The day after finals ended, the management company that owns my apartment came around that morning to change the batteries in the smoke detectors in all the apartments . It was about 9 am and my boyfriend and i had slept through the alarm we had mistakenly left set, which had been going off for about two hours at that point . We have four days to get this place in a \"rentable\" condition since they'll never let us re-sign .
 This is not the best shit i had in my life, but i gotta tell you, i still feel refreshed from it . i flush the toilet 5 times and the piece of shit won't leave. i'm hoping water makes it softer so the next flush will make it go away... if not, god knows what i'm going to do, and getting close to shit makes me puke .
 The weed was still sitting on my desk so i quickly grabbed it and threw it into a \"land before time\" cassette case . Later when i got out of the shower i saw my light in my bedroom was on so i ran in to investigate only to find my whole box of old childhood memories was gone . My dad didn't care, he has already told me he toked when he was my age, all he did was just say don't do it again .
 My girlfriend's cousin had just moved to the city and needed a place to live . He was trying to get away from his abusive parents and out of a bad life to get a fresh start . He lived with us for about two months, got a job, covered his own food and bills, found a girlfriend for himself and was really getting his life together .
 Last night after many hours spent watching the fiance' play some final fantasy,  we wanted some sexy times . Just before he decided it was \"go time\" i had a horrid toothache and i needed to use my orajel: here comes the fuck up . After a few moments of thrusting i feel a strange tingling below .
 When i felt a the need to pee pay, i started to pee and let it all free, but the pee did not go away . The pee starts collecting around the stopper and when i'm done i have to reach down into my own pee and pull it up .
 i don't like getting my hair cut. i hate the awkward conversations you have to hold with them starting into your own reflection . A bottle of jack into the evening i decide to let her cut my shaggy hair . The sheer terror in her eyes before i realised what happened was horrifying .
 i'm a silly teenager, and although i have no reason to shave my pubic hair, today i decided i would do it just to see what it was like . only after i finished shaving, i remembered i have a physical during christmas break . during my physical, my doctor will look at my dick and every thing else . i think it will be very awkward .
 Application for transfer to my top choice of college lied to me and ruined my chances to get into the college due to the deadline, and i'm out almost $100 just for this college . If any of you have had a similar experience definitely share them. #2 choice here i come i guess .
 It was my first date, and i thought it was going pretty smoothly . The next step i took failed to take hold of anything solid. The next thing i knew i was falling. fortunately there was a small patch of grass between the wall and the sidewalk. The girl ran over, and the concern in her voice was unmistakable. she helped me up to my feet and asked me if i was ok. i turned to her, and before i could say a word i was ralphing all over her.
 i wake up randomly at 7 am and feel moisture in my pants but only around the penis area . i was relieved thinking it was just ball sweat but there was too much moisture . i just washed the pants and wore the ones from the night before and acted like nothing happened .
 This is my first rodeo with food poisoning and unfortunately it's all my fault . i spent yesterday evening paying close attention to my stomach feels but nothing seemed to be happening . i thought i was in the clear. i woke up, had a normal day, had plans for the bar this evening and was all set to celebrate .
 i'm working on transferring apps/data from my uncle's (nigerian, came into town for a party) galaxy tab 10.1, to his new galaxy tab 2.1 . All of a sudden, his strong urge to take a shit hits me (kinda gassy before then, but didn't think it was anything) and i get up and run to the nearest bathroom . Little did i know the repairman had been working on stuff in the bathroom, so the toilet was messy .
 This is the epitome of my stupidity . This happened about 6 years ago when i was camping with a group of kids and adults from my church's scout group . The branch we picked had a diameter of about 12 inches so we figured it could hold our weight . i, myself, wasn't dumb enough to try this at first, but there was no way i was going up there without having someone test it out . As i touched it, the branch just snapped off and i plummeted to the ground .
 i had just finished making some late-night munchies in the form of pot-stickers . i reached across the stove to reach a pack of soy sauce i put across the way . According to gabriel iglesias, i'm somewhere between husky and fluffy .
 i was sitting at my desk earlier this afternoon, redditing away, with a nice, tall glass of grapefruit juice on the little pullout-table thing that my desk has . As i absentmindedly reached for my glass of juice without looking at it, i instead knocked it over with my wrist, and it spilled all over my floor, and my netbook . i quickly realized what had happened and picked up the glass, but the damage was done . Luckily, it works fine again, no harm done .
 A friend asked me to create a banner for him, \"do anything you want with it, even midget porn, just make sure it looks good\". i was bored that day and kinda good at graphic design, so that's what i did . However, i didn't tell him that it was a joke, he didn't even look at the banner and just immediately saved the link .
 My mom walked in on me holding the shower head to my clit . Instead of turning the shower off, i turned it to the hottest setting there is . i am emotionally and physically wounded. i decided to be mature and \"confront\" her about what she saw. i basically started with \"i'm sorry you had to see that\"
 A college student was invited to a halloween party by his college, but decided to ditch it and go to another party . One of the girls with us, suzy, was obviously into me, making a point to sit next to me while we waited for the others, laughing at my dumb jokes, all that. i'm feeling pretty good about myself. so me and 12 other people (along with my 4 friends) piled into the bed of a pickup truck (the driver was also going to the party) and take to the roads . The driver had already been drinking, so he was going at least 50 miles an hour down these roads .
 i was in a rush and out of face wash so i completely missed the vagina bit . My girlfriend left a bottle of what looks like face wash for me . She burst into tears of laughter . She threw the bottle at my face, and says, \"summer's eve, fool! it's not face wash\"
 i'm talking this thing had been dropped numerous times, charger fell apart along with the battery being a dud and the screen going out . i'm saying i can turn it on and get it to a screen that tells me to hit f11 and then sends me to a point where i can recover files and after all that restart the computer and then it goes in a complete circle .
 i started with some 90s techno and he liked it. i then asked him: \"did you know that music can even scare you?\" he did not believe me so i started aphex twin - come to daddy . he sat in his seat and was getting smaller and smaller until he cried. i instantly stopped the music :-(.
 The story was passed on with the debate team at a debate tournament in high school . The monk used his computer to check on a website designed specifically for debate tournaments . He used firefox to look at the brackets and reviews of debate rounds . He opened firefox on his computer and found porn on the screen .
 As part of my job at a restaurant, i have to clean the large glass doors at the entrance of the place . They get really nasty from all of the hands that push on the glass to open it, so they have to be sprayed down from time to time . i spray down the doors real good, then i reach backwards. my hand hits something. it's not a door, but my stupid brain doesn't realize it's a door. i finally turn around to find that my hand has been pressing against some guy's junk for the past couple seconds .
 i mustard all my might and obliterated my boxers with shat . The smell was a mix of ass and a strong frebreeze hybrid glade . i stuffed it in the washer for 50 mins. throw away because, you know...i shit myself. it literally happen around...13 mins ago .
 The night before the wedding me and my bestman went to our local small pub to have a couple of pints . The next day, despite my lack of sleep the next day was perfect . The party itself was also so great, even though i feared beforehand that i'd get too drunk at my own wedding . After the wedding everyone ordered cabs, including me, the wife and our siblings and cousins, we partied till 4 am .
 A few years ago, my school ran a foreign exchange program, some students from a fairly wealthy suburb of barcelona came to stay with families where i live for a week . A few days into the week, me and a friend were having an argument . I punched him in the gut so he doubles over, and kicked him the face . Later on that year i had to go to his parents and teachers who were the nicest people ever .
 After a blowjob fest in the back of my car, the only way to clean up was to use napkins i found in the car . i found a little empty bag of pork rinds that i stuck the cum wipes in . The next day, i'm driving my grandparents to the deli so we can grab some brunch .
 A freshman asks me to install microsoft word for him and i agree and do it and it gets done . He asks me what i was looking at, i look over and see [this](http://www.shadbase.com/the-lezzing-of-korra-page-11/) [nsFW]. i tried to explain to him that it is a comic strip and the creator also does porn every so often .
 After shaving legs, i decided to make it relaxing and fun with a some drinking and music . I soaked in jack daniels for two hours in the bathtub . I woke up hours later, freezing in the tub, where i apparently spilled most of a handle of jack . i just started bawling .
 My dad is out of town for work and my sister just got home from working all summer at a summer camp . My mom asked me to go outside and start up the grill so we could have hot dogs and hamburgers for dinner . So i started the grill then put the stuff on the grill and look in the corner and saw some older golf clubs . After that i proceeded to give my arms and legs a 45 minute sponge bath .
 Around 7:30 am, way before my alarm, i strained to fart and felt a wetness between my legs . When i stood up, the floodgates opened. When i looked at my hand, it was covered in blood. disgusting. gross. i got dressed and went back to sleep, this time, protected :p
 An inflatable balloonicorn came out as a product on the valve store and thinkgeek, i knew i had to get one . My dad, who is a very christian man and thinks that homosexuality is a sin, was surprised at seeing the large inflatable pink unicorn that the boys carried in (he didn't know i ordered it)
 Fire alarm goes of. 15 minutes after 15 minutes, smoke detector goes of . Water comes from the attic and leaks into a smoke detector, causing it to start the auto destruct sequence of our house . My 11-month-old son and my two-year-old daughter were also unsupervised during the incident .
 i hadn't had to pee this badly since boot camp, and i'd be damned if i did now . An ocean spray explosion of piss-mist got all over my face, keyboard, bed and desk . i'm just glad it was a liter bottle not a 20oz. it was nearly full .
 The fiery wrath of satan came down upon my genitalia this morning, and even now, 4 hours later, it still hurts . i notice about 30 seconds after i finish that there's a slight tingling sensation down there, and with 2 minutes, my dick is on fire. i can hardly stand the pain.
 My dad and i have this thing about farting in our house. We actively compete with each other for dominance when it comes to loudness and funk. this actually happened last night but it didn't post for some reason. My poor, poor saint of a mother became a casualty in our war for dominance.
 The cat was at the foot of the bed and i wanted to pet him; so i pet him with my foot . Suddenly, my wife looks over and says \"babe, what are you doing? you're rubbing stormy's butt\" He promptly got up and walked away, presumably to smoke a cigarette .
 After working in the shop all day i was hot and thirsty . I was so thirsty i didn't pay attention to which bottle i grabbed. i grabbed the spitter and took a big swig of it. It was so terrible that i had to pull over and ended up losing the contents of my stomach in the ditch .
 i'm a sophomore in college and i've been in contact with a girl over the summer and we hook up sometimes . i've only had three drinks, and my bro comes and starts pouring shots for every one . i go to play some slap-cup, and then blackout . A different friend of mine tells me to go back to her dorm, and when she looks away, i book it without any explanation . i wake up at 9:30 am almost naked on my bed, no phone or keys, but my phone is dead .
 The breakup wasn't accidental, but it certainly didn't occur how i hoped it would . Things were not well for us, we've been drifting apart recently . She texted me tonight saying how she feels like she is to blame for us being distant and i told her not to blame herself . i know she deserves better than me and much better than that .
 i've never worn a buttplug out without wearing jeans or yoga pants . The plug slipped out, right passed my undies, out the bottom of my shorts . i have no idea if anyone noticed, but i bolted for the lady's room and hid in the stall for 10 minutes .
 i'm a notoriously loud serial rager, and have one helluva potty mouth to boot . i'm attending a dance tonight, and i though to myself, \"hey, why not play some video games to chillax for a bit?\" i get into a few lobbies, quit, quit and then quit, and decide to play some kill confirmed on raid . The next thing i know, jimmy quickscopes comes up and gats me, causing me to scream, \"fucking faggot!\" into my mic .
 They bought the gift last saturday, but i finally saw my mom today to give her the gift . My mom opens the box to find a lovely snow globe for grandmothers . She goes \"ooh, that's very pretty\" and then realizes it plays music . She asked what song it played so we wound it up a little while i checked the bottom of the box . i told her that it played \"wind beneath my wings\"
 Some of my crushes friends have been cracking a few wise-ass jokes, not targeting anyone in particular, but m seems to think it is directed to her and her friends (teenage girls) and j said one of those jokes, only once . m was going to go to the principal, because she considered it verbal bullying, j heard that she was also going to point out her name, even though she only said it once, and felt betrayed or something . Now, all hell breaks lose, first on the classroom, then on facebook, i try to keep myself out of it, but... i can't resist, such stupidity, in it's purest form, it lures
 i was browsing reddit and was browsing around when i felt the need to fap . i was just looking around on r/hentai when i found this really good picture of one of my favorite anime characters in a...well... indecent...position . i proceed do make some knuckle children and went to my next class .
 Upon hearing the semi-shitty news, i just said without thinking, \"abort the mission!\" Everyone was staring at me with dropped jaws and shortly thereafter i realized that i was a tool for saying that . i sat the rest of the class drenched in sweat because i was so embarrassed .
 The dream escapes the mind and shoots into reality... shoots it right into my favorite boxers... i wake up to a very good feeling and a hard boner . The damage was devastating. i didn't risk the trash can, i chucked the cum-soaked boxers out the window .
 My building is running new internet cables and have been in my building for a few weeks . When we first found out i cleaned my apartment and made sure it was ready for them to run . However when i walked into my room everything was back in its place just how i left it except the gentlemen's magazines, which were nicely stacked in my chair . Luckily it was up against the wall and they would have had to go into my bathroom to see it .
 The problem persisted the whole way home, turning a 19-hour straight-through drive into a 23-hour drive . The fuel filter in a scion can only be changed by ripping out the whole seat, so off to the dealership we go . The car was at 100k miles at the time, but the dealership said it wasn't too bad .
 The door wouldn't open from the inside of the driver's side of a soft-top jeep wrangler . A mechanical engineering student decided to take it apart to fix it . The door had been locked by his father, who had let him borrow the car the day before .
 The man pisses through the tiny gap between the toilet seat and bowl, spraying the back of his khakis and the floor . He lives too far away to go change, have no backup pants here, and no easy way to disappear and clean them . He says he's praying i don't smell like piss and trying to figure out how to get through the rest of the day .
 A friend said that i should smoke during lunch to de-stress and everything would be fine and that i just needed a break . When i get back from lunch after smoking a few bowls with a group of close friends, i start feeling it alllllll slip away . we were using the school computers and this kid in the class before ours left his account logged in . one of my buddies tells me that it is this kid who tried to sleep with my girlfriend and who was talking shit about me . me and my intoxicated self, having a grudge on this kid, thinks that it would be hilarious to delete all of the saved files on the school's shared drive .
 i am in grade 11 bio. each week my teacher expects us to take home the class pet, a hamster, for the day . My teacher made me take the pest home, and my parents also hated the so called animal, and made me keep it in my room . In the barley concious state i was in at 4am (my throat is clogged and my eyes are swollen from my allergies), the thing started screaming . After taking it out, and its mouth hanging open with identically open wide eyes, i realized i gave it a heart attack . Today at school, i brought it in the class and told everyone that it died in his sleep .
 The schoolgirl says she wants to be a teacher, not a teacher . She says she thought she was off the hook when she said she wanted to be an artist . The teacher sent her back to the office and she says she is worried about her mental health . She said she is not sure if she will be able to stay in school again .
 in november we finally moved into our new house that has a man made koi pond in the back . we decided to clean it out and fix it up, as it hadn't been well maintained in the last year before we moved in . we drained the water from the pond and took out all the fish and put them in a bucket . we kept the water in the bucket and the fish were fine (about a dozen or so fish) i realized that we needed to keep this water in there and that if we switched it with say, tap water, the fish could die . however, i forgot to tell my wife this, who would then convey this information to my mother in law
 [this song] made me take a poop on myself and i ruined my favorite boxers . [This song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bf-8uc07pu) made me  take a poo on myself, i ruined [his favorite] boxers, he says .
 i apologize in advance for any formatting errors, i'm on my phone . i've had a ton of this boxed off-brand macaroni and cheese sitting around for a while now, and decided to try to get rid of some . After donating blood, i decided to make myself dinner, ate about a third of it and then went to a bar to play cornhole with a friend . After burping, i burped it was wet and tasted like acid mixed with the orange powder stuff that makes shitty mac and cheese oh so delicious .
 The lightbulbs in the kitchen exploded with the power of an angry god . The bulbs shattered in the bang and pieces flew through the air with such grace. shards of glass bounced from counter to cupboard and some into the toaster! The only thought was how glad i was i had already had my afternoon poo. Otherwise i would have been calling for a counter reset .
 i'm your average undergraduate student. i'm doing a summer placement with someone from prof n.'s team. The professor in question is a legend in his field and is very well known in the country . My supervisor-to-be thought it would be a good idea for me to attend their weekly meetings if i was available . But i checked the time, the weekly meeting had already started 15 min earlier... not wanting to disappoint my supervisor, i still decided to go .
 Last night i packed up my headphones in my backpack for classes the next day, as i always forget them at home and sit on campus . Upon moving them to my pocket they fell on the ground in the case they came in (note: they are meelectronic a151) i turn around to retrieve them, and they were gone .
 \"My so and i are into *some* kinky stuff, but, tonight he wanted his kinkiest fetish - metal thermometer in the ol' pee-hole . i don't mind this at all - in fact i love pleasuring him in this way . i reach into the bedside drawer, retrieve it, and start getting him harder for it . i take his . dick and slide the thermometer . in way too fast and way too aggressively...over, and over again . due to both our intoxication levels, i couldn't read his pain and he couldn't . read my pleasure... leading up to a 43 year old man screaming like a 16 year old girl...and
 17-year-old played violin in a youth orchestra in the uk. He was left to cook his own dinner alone . The next day he had to be up at 4am to play in a concert in Birmingham . He had to pinch it back and soldier on to catch the coach . The coach pulled over for petrol and he had the most relieving dump ever . The only damage to his underwear was a single piece of corn .
 i've lurked around tifu for a while and it only dawned on me that this might be a good story to share . My family gets a good laugh out of it nowadays, so here you guys go: When i was about five my parents thought it'd be good to bring my sister and me to church just to see if we liked it .
 This is the most i've seem him puke to date . None of it got on him, or the furniture or the floor.  i could smell it for the rest of the day and most of the next few days . The entirety of the eruption was on myself.   up the nose, in my ear, a bit in my mouth, all over the shirt, and the beard...
 The hot sauce was the hottest sauce in the store's display cases . It was in a glass skull and sealed with wax . The sauce had a scoville rating over 1 million . The guy chokes the stuff down but his lips and tongue both start swelling . He developed huge blisters on his tongue and throat and had trouble eating for a while .
 A guitar pick got stuck in my pants while sitting in class . The pick was stuck in the pants of a friend who gave it back to her friend . She thought it would be funny to drop it down my shirt . I decided to go to the restroom to get it out, but it was too late .
 Today is my birthday was headed out to get food with the wife and some friends, got to the restaurant and we found a 20$ bill on the ground . turned out when i got home, that it must have been my 20 bucks, and that the other 80 i had plus a 30 dollar check from my grandparents, is missing .
 A fish hook in the back of a high school friend's back is the story of his most memorable high school sex story . After a week of no sex, he decided to take his girlfriend to the beach and have sex with him . The fish hook was a device that featured nine motherfucking back hating hooks on it .
 My boyfriend's parents live in wales, where he's staying for the summer, but he was visiting me in london last week . He was running errands all day at the flat, while i was working about an hour away . We had a lovely evening, and his coach wasn't till 8, so i stayed in London with him till he left . When he returned to his flat, he had left the hob on, it felt like a sauna . He'd made pasta the night before so he was heating that up on the hob - relevant! He then left the flat at around 3.30 pm to come and meet me at work .
 i've had nothing to eat but fast food for the last 3 days... and i hadn't shit in a while. at least 2 days. my farts could peel paint. america could slap a biohazard sticker on me and stick me in their nuclear arsenal is what i'm getting at. just the most rancid smells oozing from my body imaginable. more atrocious than columbine, virginia tech and sandy hook combined... ya feel me?
 i can't do anything with my so without picturing   them instead and it's driving me crazy . i've been in a relationship for over a year. Neither of us expected anything but things spiraled out of control through some of our conversations. We decided to meet up and see what happened. it was amazing. absolutely awesome. but we both know that nothing will come from it .
,
, [{"summary_text": " The story is about a man who is late for his gym class . He is almost fully naked in the gym washroom . He was forced to use an axe to lube his genitals . He says he was late for class because of the pain he was in . The story was posted during the school rush .
 i was riding to my friends on my relatively heavy jump bike, and i have to go down a steep hill with a bridge for trains that goes over the top with enough room for a car . well, i didn't pay any attention to the cars oncoming and i just threw a burst of energy in to peddling and maxed out (quite small rear sprocket so it was easy) and me being an idiot i had only tightened my front brakes, and, you bikers out there know what that means... if you pull that brake at speed it will send you flying, so i only have one brake and i . have to pull it, and then it was lift off, me
 i met this girl who seemed like she was really into me, fucking crazy crazy. she is very sexual and all of the cool shit most girls aren't. since my last relationship went to fucking shit i haven't really given a shit about anyone since . after the few days i've known her(almost a week) i actually really like her and i think i let it show too much and she might be slowly backing away .
 i'm a developer at a large financial company where full corporate professional attire is required other than a jacket . i got up from my desk to stretch due to my post lunch coma . as i squatted down with one leg out my pants split from the top of my ass all the way down to my balls . i sat down at my desk and couldn't stop laughing .
 i have a friend, a good one, who i've known since i was a kid . We hadn't spoke since sophomore year or high school, which is 5 years ago . In the past five years, he became a major racist . Every time he saw a black person, he would turn to me and say \"oh god more of them..\" or \"oh fuck another black guy\"
 When i was taking a shower today i'd left my clean pants on the floor of the bathroom . i suddenly feel something crawling about in the crotch of my pants . naturally, i rip my pants off whilst silently screaming and wishing i were dead . right before my eyes one of the more massive spiders i have ever seen crawls out of his pants and goes on its merry way .
 The tip of my penis exploded in pain after a week of waxing the cyclops in the shower . The tip is basically white, not like a white guy, but straight up white on a color wheel, with bloody canyons mixed in . Apparently, the shampoo had dried out only the tip of his penis, with drastic results .
 i was sent to the principal's office and i told my story, which he wasn't amused by, nor did he believe . The conversation turned into him talking about his father trying to kill himself last weej, and it was at that point my brain decided that was the time to release all of my laughter, in one big 30 second fit .
 i'm told later that the girl was coming on to me. following this, the most epic of all face palms occurred. i was at a friend's birthday party, and we were all just hanging out playing some guitar. The girl got up real close to me, looks into my eyes, and in the most flirtatious voice i've ever heard asks, \"so like, how do you play guitar?\"
 A photo saved to the phone is automatically uploaded to his icloud and any other connected devices . i realized this by noticing photos i didn't take show up on the stream on this phone . My boss is tech-tarded and i don't know if this pic is a ticking time-bomb laying in wait in his phone/computer's photostream .
 i'm european and as it is mandatory to have visited amsterdam (netherlands) at least once while in your twenties, me and two of my best friends decided to go on a trip there over new year's eve . Despite not having the intention to enter a hooker's cabin originally, there was that one gorgeous redhead, and as she began to wave at me, shit started to get serious . Despite being drunk i realised where this was going and decided to cut it there instead of being ripped off .
 At my uni, we're given toilet paper weekly, but it's really cheap and scratchy . The real pain is the embarrassment that my anus is so much of a wuss that it got cut open by some toilet paper, he says . Since dudes don't get ass-periods, i concluded that the sharp toilet paper had cut my butt!
 Two days ago i was having a few afternoon drinks at my house because it was a mates birthday and was going clubbing later that night . The four of us that where drinking together finished a carton of beer extremely faster then usual, i decided we had heaps more time to drink before we went clubbing, the problem was that we had no more alcohol and didn't want to walk to buy anymore . My friend left the lounge room and walked towards the toilet and fell over grabbing a urn which was my grandmothers onto the ground . i then vomit all over the ashes and my friends are vomiting through out the house .
 The poster is a first-time poster . He was driving home from his mate's house at around 11:30pm last night when a woman walked out in front of his car . She was sobbing hysterically and begging him to help her . The stench of booze wafting off her hit me like a sledgehammer . She begged him to buy her some 'ciggies' and he said she needed $10 . She offered to leave her bag in the car as collateral, until she gave me the money . She left her bag inside and left .
 The toilet paper is red, and i don't know why, but i must have messed up somewhere . i'm a dude, in case that matters to anyone, in which case, i'm just a dude . No mess, no bad cleanup, just red. it didn't even hurt. It took a few red wipes but i got it clean .
 When i reached into my drawer of sex paraphernalia for my tube of astroglide, i was quite disappointed to come to the realization that i had extinguished said tube and failed to replenish my supply . while there, however, i noticed a tube of ky warming gel i bought to try with a particular lady friend that i told to take a hike before we got around to using it . i tested it on me first, applying it liberally to my \"intimate area\" and delaying with foreplay to give the stuff time to work .
 i've been trying to climb the restaurant ladder for about a year at that time the traditional way (start as a dishwasher and learn hands-on) i had already learned a lot, and also being a bit of a narcissist prick, i loved to show off my new-found culinary chops to my layman friends . The cutting board was covered in an astounding amount of jack daniels ridden blood .
 i work part time as a cashier and i was becoming increasingly lazier . i decided to itch my nose with my shoulder, and as i do, my shoulder decides to jump up directly into my nose, more or less punching myself in the face . There was blood everywhere on me, the didn't let me go home .
 i've always heard the axiom of \"never trust a fart when you have the flu\", but i ignored the facts and experiences from my past fallen comrades . i leaned over expecting a minor squeeker at best, and the torrent of vile putridity that flowed freely from my backside will forever haunt me... \u00a0trying to save face, i changed my sheets, bedspread, and flipped the mattress .
 i was taking the sat, doing well, confident in the essay that i wrote, yada yada. well, we went out for break and per the proctors instruction, i slipped my answer packet into the test booklet . i slipped it in to section 3 because, well, that was the next section and i was just kind of on autopilot because i was stressed about doing my best . The proctor lost it, wondering 'how stupid' i could be .
 i never thought i'd say this, but now my innocent mind is scarred . i was sitting in the living room with my puppy, watching some sunday morning talk show, when suddenly the television begins blaring . i freak out, thinking she was actually chewing on the remote and i frantically run over to her . i think, somehow, that my parents, in their room (yea, i'm 23 and live at home. cheap rent ftw), have the wrong remote .
 The Reddit user has a vivid dream about a one night stand . He woke up completely naked in the hotel hallway in the middle of the night . He tried to find the hotel's bathroom but it was the wrong room . He relieved himself down the hotel garbage shoot . He was too embarrassed to admit it to reddit users .
 My brother and i have a pretty retarded sense of humour ever since watching its always sunny in philadelphia . We could hear our neighbours out in the front yard, and we get along with them pretty well so we decided to do something funny as fuck . My brother revved our piece of shit 50cc scooter to like 60ks an hour in the back yard and went flying out the garage door with no helmet .
 A customer drops a 2 litter of sprite off a five foot rack and lands between the dame's legs . The clutz was apologetic. The dame was stunned. The security video is sick. Had to watch it like 5 times. Could go viral with the video but i love my job too much .
 The first time i ever fell asleep in class was a warm thursday school day (i remember because it was terrific tuesdays in my math class) i figure i should sleep too to blend in (i dont believe in not blending in) After that day and that dream ive never been able to sleep in class again .
 i poste a realy funny comment on askreddit and i didnt get reddit gold. I asked politely for ppl to give me reddit gold and i didn't get it. Now im sad, i asked for reddit gold but i got reddit gold instead of reddit gold .
 A large woman thought to be pregnant when she came to the counter to buy some things . The woman and her bf/husband look at me with the widest eyes and mouth i have ever seen anyone have. \"i'm not fucking pregnant you dumb c*nt!\" i quickly get their items for them, they pay and leave .
 A friend and her mother are broke, and i can't say no, or i'll be homeless . Neither of them had a job, which would help with nothing . i got an overnight job at a walmart, stocking the shelves and making a decent $9.65 an hour . i decided to help my friend get a job there, but knowing her, her people skills are lacking, allowing her to fail the application assessment .
 Squirrel was grazing on grass in the middle of the tee box when it was hit by a golf ball . The ball zings towards the squirrel and hits it straight into the eyeball . It falls over, scratching with its claws at its bursted and bleeding eyeball, writhes around for 20 seconds .
 It's finals week so the campus was practically empty . The bathroom was silent so i knew when i started wiping the stranger would hear it . The toilet flush didn't last very long, and before i knew it i was in \"abort mission\" mode- pulled up my pants and gtfo.com .
 The worst thing that happened to me is that i had to pee so much that i didn't realize how much you pee until it is in a toilet . The whole area is drenched in piss at this point, and the stench is starting to reek . The real kicker is i live with my family, just wait til they get home .
 The driver of an '89 cherokee was driving to meet up with his friends for a night of hookah and cards against humanity . The driver swerved to the right and swerved around the corner to avoid a pedestrian . He was close enough to reach out and leaned on my hood in his efforts to get away .
 The last (and sadly first) time i had intercourse was around 5 years ago and even then i used a condom . Molluscum is a warts virus that is not always transmitted sexually, but can be . The only treatment available is freezing them off with liquid nitrogen .
 The night before i start i cant really sleep much, i'm really nervous, so going into work i am exhausted . As a result, those annoying as fuck sleepy boners come flying in, i managed to hide most of them well, but then my manager backed up against me and felt it with her hip . She told me to pack my stuff up and leave .
 The author is mortified when he peed while out running errands on his lunch hour . He says he's getting firmly middle aged and the prostrate is not what is used to be . He calls off work for the rest of the day, shower change and try to forget .
 The 19-year-old was going to surprise his friend with some beers and a blunt to smoke at his house . He decided to scare the shit out of him by jumping out of a hallway closet and startle him . The older one just didn't even turn around to look just screams and runs, the younger one goes laura croft on my ass... spins around and punches me in my fuckin eye! A solid punch too .
 i supposedly have some crazy eye, according to my brother, i get when i am beyond angry. i mean uncontrollable and violent. Some thing was said to the effect if you hurt me i will choke you out. i am half his size and i love him he is my brother. i don't want to wrestle with him, last time he broke at least two of my ribs. It hurt for weeks. i hate politics. =)
 i was just getting ready to fall asleep when i thought it might be a good idea to have some white noise on to help me fall asleep . i thought all was well till i noticed the song playing, a song talking about going back in time to spend more time with a loved one who you didn't get to say good bye to . my mind started to wonder in the lyrics, as i do with most songs, finding it's way to the story inbeded in the e.p. the song was found of. the story is one of a guy who loses his wife/girlfriend in a car crash, builds a time machine, goes back in . time to fight off dinosaurs,
 It turns out nobody on reddit understands sarcasm, even when it's blatantly obvious, they always just think you're too stupid to be sarcastic . this incident was about military time, but it happens a lot more often then you'd think . so just a quick tifu: tried to be funny to an audience that's too high and mighty for comedy .
 i'm running late for school, and i'm in a hurry to get to the bus stop, but my father calls me and tells me i have forgotten my keys . The car to which keys i accidentally took were the car keys, my dad later gave me my own keys . My dad shows up to work two hours late, gets humiliated by his supervisor, and almost fired .
 A friend delivers at this place asked me to cover for him, me being the broke jobless high school kid i leap at the opportunity . Even though my car's in the shop, i borrow my dad's in order to work . The third delivery's alil heavy, and wet on the bottom, but i think nothing of it, have delivered before and it wasn't that heavy .
 My boyfriend and i had been hanging out, and we were starting to get very affectionate - in a way that remaining outside was probably going to get us some trouble . Instead of stopping, he suggested that we go to his brother's house . His brother and sister-in-law were moving out and the doors were locked with keys inside .
 The author was on a job site moving materials with a pump-cart . The cart picked up momentum about a quarter of the way down the ramp and i knew it was going to take me with it . But unfortunately for me, i knocked the steering apparatus and the cart turned right toward me . The only place my foot had to go, was right into the concrete on the other side .
 i wake up in the morning to discover i pissed myself on one of her show room couches . i tell her i have to get going, and booked it out of there . No number, no info, just scrammed out of the bar with no number or info .
 The 28-year-old's apartment is a 'no pets' lane of apartments but the owners lived nearby . The apartment row has been transferred to a corporation that is four hours away in the next major city . The owners moved to Florida, the owners moved away and the apartment has been inspected .
 Last year i lost a bunch of weight, and like most- this year i'm well on the way to gaining it back . In an effort to lose the 25 lbs that i gained, i decided to start the same regimen by going on a several mike long walk/jog in my toe shoes . 6 miles in i notice that one of my toes starts to hurt and so i turn around and jog the 6 miles back, checking my toe for damage when i get home . it's fine, not even raw . 4 days later i look down today, 4 days after, and see the biggest blister i've ever seen sprouting from my middle toe .
 i live in a manufactured home (fancy term for a doublewide) and we have a wooden deck on the house . Whoever built the deck didn't put adequate support beams in the middle of the deck, so it's bowing pretty badly . Because of the bowing, the grill fell and one of the charcoals fell out without me realizing it .
 i'm an idiot. so my boyfriend and i are getting ready to lay down and he tells me to make the bed . As i am moving the covers around, i notice what looks like a small box, a small ring box . My heart stops, and he says \"what is that?\" i'm all \"i don't know...\" and i pick it up, full of emotions, about to cry .
 The \u00a313 upgrade turned into an \u00a380 new windscreen . The wiper arm fell back down. The windscreen smashed. The wipers suck too. The car is now worth \u00a380 more than the original \u00a313.commodmoderated windscreen upgrade .
 An 18-year-old man decided to put alcohol in his ass to test his colon's ability to absorb it from alcohol . The result of the experiment left him feeling bloated, bloated and having to clench his anus shut down . He is now a hot mess of shit, vodka, and worry about what he has done to his body .
 i started feeling sweaty and uncomfortable with slight bubbly feelings, and as these are the normal symptoms for me when i start getting sick, i just knew it was going to be awful . i estimate i have a fever of 100, but i haven't bothered to do anything but take some acetaminophen . My sister stays home with me because she just doesn't want to go around three o'clock, she orders pizza . Five heaves later, there are two slices of pizza in the tub, with identifiable parts . i pretty much just shut down, and get locked into bed because i can't move .
 To clarify this happened in 2006-ish on my first ever trip on an airplane . i was sitting in my seat with my mom when i felt the urgent need to pee . When suddenly the whole bathroom shakes from the plane hitting some 'unexpected' turbulence which sent my urine everywhere, the wall, my trousers, my brand new shirt, and all over the floor .
 i don't think i can ever speak to her again, and if we do, it won't be the same as before . i feel like the biggest fucking dickhead in the world right now. i just want to get it off my chest, and get a bit of advice .
 i had a [subluxation] in my shoulder joint . This had happened to me a total of 3 times before, over the course of approximately the last 3 years . Usually, it pops back in by itself within 20 minutes or so, so i thought i could just wait it out . The friends suggested going to a doctor/hospital, but luckily there was one within five minutes .
 Two 20-year-old friends were caught smoking pot and hookah in their car at the end of a night out . The two were pulled over by the same cops who pulled them over in the past . The cops said they were just dumb kids (we're both 20) and that as long as we aren't doing worse drugs like meth, blow, crack, pcp, etc., that we should just keep petty drug use to our houses, not our cars .
 i was 14 and was hanging out with a friend walking around the woods behind our neighborhood . We came across a 2x4 and were trying to figure out what stupid thing we could do with it . We found a 4x4 raised sewer drain and decided that we could catapult stuff off it using a board we found . This is when karma decides to play it's little game .
 i live on campus but i work on sundays in my home town . i decide that since i have a little time, i should go to starbucks and grab a coffee . upon entering i see the extremely attractive counter worker (let's just call him matt) making coffees . i haven't seen this guy since last semester and didn't give the employee taking orders my name . so obviously, giggly me gets all flustered and flirts back with him, trying to keep cool under his adorable hipster glasses .
 The groom went scuba diving and got sunburnt like a racoon, so we nicknamed him like that, the racoon (in english) as with many nicknames, racoon evolved to be just \"coon\" The groom's friends were all wearing tshirts with the word coon in capital letters across the chest .
 A man died in a tragic accident at the age of 80 . The man's tombstone was blown over by the wind . He was trying to pick up the decoration from his lawn when he fell . He broke his neck and his arm he used to brace his fall ended up being ripped apart .
 My mother in law (let's call her alice) is an alcoholic and has no regard for anyone else . My husband and i live with her while we get back on our feet . i wanted to tell her that i don't want her eating the hot pockets without asking first, or at the very least replacing them . The next time i saw her in passing (we have opposite work/sleep schedules) i asked in the most polite way i could, \"oh alice, i was curious if you've eaten any of the hot pocket?\" Her response started out proud but then ended in a question, \"yeah, i had two, or three?\"
 Couple moved in to a new flat with a new sofa and a new bed . They were offered a two-week delivery of the bed but lost the receipt . The bed is hard to sleep on, so they decided to swap it for a new couch . The couple are now living in a new home with a partner .
 i would never wish what happened for the next 12 hours on any person. violent throwing up, explosive diarrhea, and the worst headache of my life.  i got the kid back a year later while camping but thats a whole other story.    i didn't know until about 45 min later that the water i did indeed drink in around 3 seconds had half a bottle of eye drops .
 The server admin thought i was ready to take charge of the production deployment . The process should have taken about an hour or so, but after 2 hours, and no results, i needed help . By 1:45 am, i doze off, spooning my computer.  i get a call at 5:30 am from the cio, freaking out about the website .
 Last week i got my paycheck from my job and then proceeded to deposit it using an electronic deposit app for my bank on my phone . The deposit went through the next day but said it was on a 7 day hold . i tried calling my bank, but they said they couldn't lift the hold . After a week, i went and cashed the check, paid my bills and went about my own business for a week .
 i'm taking a culinary class in school, because i absolutely suck at cooking . We make our own version of the maple-bacon donuts, with our own added twist . When they get to their scones, everyone just starts gagging and coughing, spitting etc. then, one girl just starts crying .
 i'm not actually sure if this was today or yesterday, as i have no idea what time this happened . i got drunk before i went to bed last night, one of my favorite shows (american horror story) started its new season and i saw that as a reason to celebrate (who am i kidding?  i'm an alcoholic.), so i got some drinks and got shitty, then passed out . i woke up some unknown amount of time later and *desperately* needed to go pee, so i just hop out of bed and right around the corner to the bathroom . i see a figure in my living room, crouched down on the floor (or maybe a midget
 i work for a digital agency and i write a lot of online content, blog posts etc. i like to add a bit of humour to some of my posts and earlier today i'd written something about the most popular dishes in the uk. i thought \"i know what, i'll bung a meme into the post\"
 i just ripped off a medium sized one, about half a thumb and shoved it in my mouth biting bits off as i go . After about 5-10 seconds it got hot, and hotter until my lips and throat were burning so much i ran into the kitchen and drunk a whole pint of milk .
 This morning my dad asked me to help him with his lawn, killing weeds and shit . He handed me a spray bottle of weed killer and said \"just spray all the weeds\" He mowed the lawn before hand too, so the fact that he did it all for nothing made him a teeny bit angrier . After an hour of spraying 80% of the lawn with weed killer, he walked out and asked what i was doing .
 A man with the same car, and the exact same color, pulls up next to us, and leaves the door unlocked . My dad is in the drivers seat, keys in the ignition, ready to back out... the guy flips his shit, he grabs his phone and tells us \"don't hurt me, i'll give you whatever you want!\" The guy apologized for jumping the gun so quickly, he said he did it because he was scared .
 My wife's friend \"jan\" came to stay with us for a week, essentially using our home as a staging area to visit all her old friends . She is quite attractive (but not as hot as my wife) and frequently was gone for hours at a time . Naturally, this had me constantly thinking about sneaking into her room and looking for the goods . i was \"good\" until she left her door cracked one day and the dog went rummaging for me . The euphoria swept over me and the urge for more increased .
 The 16-year-old used an old android phone to monitor servers in his office . The servers were moved to a different building so that my sister can stay here when she got back from college . When her sister got home she saw the phone, on a camera app, and flipped her shit .
 reddit's many stories of people shitting during exercise were encouraging, but i decided to go for a nice long run to dislodge the blockage . The road loops around my house in a four-mile circle and i've run it many times before without incident . After the first mile and a half or two miles without any incident, i realized that my master plan was working all too well .
 i mustve taken a 18-hour shit-time because now i have a giant red ring on my ass . i started to feel like my stomach was about to explode after finishing the large bag of gummies . looking at the bag i realized they were vitamin fiber supplements .
 reddit thought you could use a laugh at my stupidity for the last few days . There is a girl i really like and care for we shall call her nikki since she is a redditor also . After i posted this if she reads it, that will be a fuck up but hell i've already dug and and laying in my grave .
 The internet is fixed at the home of a woman in her early 40's who has a pedophile husband . The husband is a rich man who has more money than i'll ever earn, but having them on your side comes in handy more often than not . The internet's fixed, let me know if you have any more issues .
 So to put a little setting, was on my girlfriend's bed, about to receive head (or whatever else you want to call 3rd base). Being the mature shit i am, i saw a sealed bottle of vanilla coca-cola next to her bed, and that my flies were undone . After a bit of 'penis' touching, she decided to open the cap .
 My dad grew up as a poor black kid in a shit part of the bronx ny, and self-emancipated himself at a very young age . After a tour in vietnam and having a family with 3 (bi-racial, i'm very light skinned) kids he received a surprise visit from his sister . Flash-forward almost 19 years, and i receive a phone call from my aunt - she's in town on business and would love to get together! she's only here for two days, and will be running around town, so our plans are not concrete.. \"i'll see you when i see you...\"
 A white bull terrier was hit by a semi truck while chasing a tennis ball in a parking lot . The dog did multiple barrel rolls before he was dragged out of view to the right, where the truck shuddered to a stop . The driver slammed on his brakes immediately, but there simply was no way .
 My cat dusty, is a indoor outdoor cat. for whatever reason, when you try to pet him while he's relaxing outside he'll run way from you into bushes or something . i tried pet him and he ran into a strip of trees that separate the (busy) road from our house. i thought little of it because i assumed he had enough sense to stay away from the cars. i guess he got hit by a car. dusty's leg was ripped off and he bled out behind the tree a few feet from our front door .
 My dog tends to chew things, usually things that i love, shoes, movies, exercise equipment . To combat this i put him in a kennel while i am at work . He has tons of room, he can walk around stretch out and stretch out . The bottom of the cage slides out and rockets dog shit down the stairs, all over the stairs and over the grass below .
 Pictures of starving children start to be shown in class . Everyone is focused on the horrific images . Everyone near me was cringing and they looked pissed. i was literally in tears. i lost it, i have no clue why i did, but i did. Its awful .
 This week, i decided to see how visible my chub was when i flexed my dick muscle from underneath the massage blanket . It looked like a costco hot dog flailing around, wondering when *it* was gonna get rubbed down . i've never said anything sexually suggestive and have never dreamed of trying anything physical with her in the middle of a session .
 My laptop was in the hands of a more technologically savvy friend after an unfortunate virus and my roommate was using his own laptop . i pressed ctrl+t to open a new tab, but accidentally opened the recently closed tab . Let's just say i learned way too much about what kind of porn he was into .
 i forgot that i have that silly displayname and a pretty fucked up picture to accompany it (nsfw). Now my boss is kinda pissed, and hr possibly wants to talk with me soonishish . Thanks for the support and the nazi jokes, tifu of the week!
 After pulling an all-nighter studying for exams, i decided to take my sleeping medicine (restoril) at 11 am.  after i slept for a little while, my body must have decided to wander around the fraternity house and accept whatever everyone was doing . i ended up smoking a few bowls (i never smoke) and going to mcdonalds with a buddy . After i ordered, i attempted to order a drink again. not once, but three times.  then after i had a large drink i got mad at the manager for not allowing \"little people\" the rights to ordering large drinks .
 My two brothers were working and my parents got a flat tire on the way home from work . So since i was home alone i took advantage and played music loud, played video games and ate junk food . Then i showered and did a little manscaping and then i had the brilliant idea of shaving my ass .
 Yesterday was my first night at the university after a two-month vacation that felt like a fucking eternity . After getting drunk as shit, i began to lose my sense of everything . i woke up 8 in the morning with the worst hangovers of my current existence (and yes, my hangover lasted for almost 13 hours, maybe even more) except i wasn't on my bed .
 i wasn't full after my small dinner, so over the course of a few minutes i ate 15 or 20 fiber gummies (amounting to 7-10 servings) My stomach has painfully bloated and makes noises i've never heard before . My roommates have the joy of seeing me stand up and go to the bathroom over and over again .
 Today i hung out with some friends, one of which was a newly acquainted (fairly attractive) fellow . The two large cups of bojangles sweet tea that is. and of course, being the classiest of ladies, i got up to take a massive shit. turns out, it was more massive than i thought . disregarding the copious amount of fecal matter, i flushed anyway .
 i am the head of set construction/ running crew for my school's technical theater club . We are building the set for chicago:the musical . We have these things called \"flys\", which are weighted ropes that control bars running across the ceiling of the stage which we use to hang things from . The rope is incredibly weighted, making it difficult to lower and nearly impossible to raise .
 A half bag of semi-sweet chocolate is empty and on the floor of my kitchen . I threw it away thinking my brother ate them, but when i went to get some water, the floor was covered in brown liquid . My dog was panting and whimpering, and i realized i had poisoned my dog .
 i'm enjoying a good ol' italian beef my mom cooked up, and being me, i like jalapenos and giardiniera and shit on my beef . fast forward 10 minutes: i finish my fantastic meal of deliciousness when i get a nose itch . i decide to wipe my hands on my jeans and give it a quick deep scratch, as i was in my room and no one was watching . i blew my nose practically 20 times to try to get the fiery demon out of my naval cavity . i needed something to cure this pain asap. i squirted milk from a baby boodle into my nose to cure the pain .
 The writer's current girlfriend and her current girlfriend are in secret from their school, other than for a few people . She's an actress and she sings in their school's annual talent show . The writer stubbed her toe in a pool of blood and trailed blood all over the floor . She and her friend cleaned up the blood from the carpet and tile .
 i don't know why i did it, but i let out an \"i love you\" message to her after she said she didn't want to be my friend anymore . She told me to go back to her phone and not look at the messages . She said she was going to watch a movie with her friends .
 i'm italian, yet the whitest kid in my family. i discovered awhile back that i never sunburn, no matter what. i would go with friends to outside festivals or concerts without sunscreen on, and by the end my friends would be all burnt and i'd be completely fine. i did this for about 2 years, that is until i was diagnosed with lupus. luckily it's not the deadly kind, and it's only present on parts of my skin (not systemic) however, i'm basically allergic to the sun.
 i'm the family member people don't know exist; i moved away after graduation and only come home for dire situations . i'm 25 years' old and my parent's still frown upon swearing in front of them . naturally i'm in my element, he's talking beer, i don't have to think about why i'm there, and then the word vomit of six years not surrounded by family happened .
 i'm on vacation in florida and i'm staying in my uncles apartment which coincidentally is right next to a nursing home . The sound didn't come out of my speakers so i unplugged them and after a few minutes i realized what had happened . i had connected to the wrong bluetooth and had blasted \"3 way\" on the overhead speaker .
 i didn't shit myself, but my stomach felt incredibly bad and i got the hershey\u00ae squirts\u2122. i still feel a little on edge, but i still feels a little nervous . i still\u00a0still\u00a0feel on edge\u00a0and i'm not sure if i'll ever have a repeat .
 After lunch on my way back to work, i try to relieve some of the pressure by taking a much needed fart . instead of relief i realized in horror that a solid glop of liquid shit had come out . i immediately half stand up in my truck, as i am wearing my overcoat, i pull it up thinking i had saved it, then remembered my truck seats are fabric . in desperation i pull over a gift bag i have in his truck from transporting christmas presents, pull the gift out (it really was nicely wrapped) and shove the bag under my ass praying the cause of the putrid smell had not yet seeped through . i run upstairs, barge in on
 After getting her off, she wants to stop as she's uncomfortable after hearing family moving about upstairs . After waiting for her to go to sleep, i whip out the computer and go to find something to fap to since i feel like doing it to a sleeping person seems too creepy . She jumps out of bed crying and goes to sleep with her sister .
 The back of this particular blow dryer has a metal mesh-like cap over an insane metal fan . This fan goes ridiculously fast and it's really powerful . My hair got sucked into that fan and got grossly stretched out and it ripped a **huge** chunk of hair out .
 About a week ago, i made my first attempt at homemade salsa . I washed my hands ten times, but as soon as i stood up, fiery pain swept through my lady garden . The burning quickly turned into icy horror as my vag tried to close up and escape . i looked at my boyfriend and said, \"i feel like gob\"
 i am 16, and my little sister is 7 . She was bored and wanted to go hang out at her friend's house down the street . Her friend insisted on showing me his new go kart so i said sure . i showed her how to steer, how to go, and how to brake . She then proceeded to drive straight into a porsche . Everyone freaked out, and ran inside to tell him the scratch was ***huge*** and she was going ***super fast .
 i am 22 years old but have old-fashioned parents . My boyfriend was visiting for this past weekend but was not allowed to stay in my room despite me living away for the past five years . My dog was barking ferociously downstairs so i made the executive decision to close the door to my room .
 This lovely story starts out last night with me ignoring the growing pains in my stomach that were supposed to let me know some serious shit was about to go down (pun totally intended) instead of listening to these, i decided to go on with my night and head out to the center of campus to hang out with some friends thinking that if it got worse then i would just leave for a bit, do my business, and come back . Once i got there the need left so i continued on with the night, went back to my room, and went to bed . today, about an hour ago i decided that i wanted to go hang out in the woods back campus because it was a gorgeous day
 Running late from work, i asked my 25 year old-college graduate of a cousin if he could watch my kid for an hour until i got home . After spending all night at the after hours vet and receiving an estimate for $5k, i now have a dog with a broken leg that i can't afford to fix and i need to find a new sitter .
 One of my friends who i'm going to call brett (by request) asked if i wanted to hang out and get some ice cream . He and his friend went to an empty parking lot to get ice cream, but the park was closed at sunset . When they went to the park, they were confronted by police officers . The officer asked them if they were hot and asked if they wanted me to open the window or something .
 The two girls that i talk to that are twins are twins . They are twins, which means they are born on the same day . i asked the sister to wish the girl i liked \"the happiest birthday possible\" she replied \"thank you\" and from there on out, the usual conversations that we had continued .
 i've passed out before and i had all the warning signs i was on the road to faintsville . i started to panic a bit so i climb out of the tub and prepare to take a nap on the nice floor in front of the bathroom . i'm just like \"don't pass out don't pass\u00a0don't\u00a0pass out\"
 i am only 18 and my friends and i had plans to go to a house party last night however, those plans fell through . After a night out, i decided to try my luck at the closest bar . The bartender was pretty busy and didn't have the time to check id or anything so she ended up serving us through the night . When we all get up to leave, i get significantly drunker than i had intended .
 i was downloading something, and because the download needed 5+ hours to be completed, i decided to get some sleep . i put the laptop near the edge of my bed (yes stupid move) and go to sleep on the other side . i am woken up by my grandmother's shouting and i immediately saw that i had kicked my mother's laptop off the edge, screen down .
 i was at my friends house even there since about 8pm and we just smoke out . Fast forward to about 4am and my friends brother and his boyfriend come home with a bunch of there girl friends . At about 5am we all end up getting ready to fall asleep and i'm in the room with all the girls (mind you i'm the only guy in the . room now) i'm laying down on the floor trying to . fall asleep when my stomach starts to bubble . i'm just laying there holding it in when bbbbaaaammmmmmm! i fart like i've never farted before, very strung out loud and smelly one .
 i'm on the club cross country team at michigan state university . this year, our national meet was at hershey, pa. given the 10 hour drive, we left friday morning and got back on sunday night . as the night progressed on, i of course, preceded to get more and more drunk . finally, at about 1:00 am, the anger starts to kick in. i get so mad that i decide to put on my jacket and some shoes, and go out for a run to simmer down before anyone could stop me, i took off running straight down the road .
 Part of the phone's soft plastic case had torn . The glue burst out the end of the tube and was now dripping all over! Some of the glue had gotten on my finger, didn't get it glued to any other body parts but still was rough on the skin . i managed to tear it off, leaving a big rubber skid where the glue made contact .
 So i wanted to see if this stuff actually worked. i applied it to my whole body, being a hairy human and all, but i think i kept it on past the required time. Unfortunately, some of it seeped into my crack, and it wasn't long before the itchy burning spread all over. i then muscled through it, and decided to finish the rest by using this smooth and effective pink razor my mother keeps on the shelf .
 One week into being in the states i'm walking through target holding a basket by the holes on the side rather than the handle . i try to slip my fingers out of the holes to grab something off a shelf and they wont come out . Eventually i get my pointer and ring finger out but my middle finger is still stuck . At this point my finger is starting to turn blue and fat from constantly struggling to get out .
 i'm standing at the stove, frying up some salmon for breakfast cuz why the hell not . i go to flip it, when i suddenly feel something crunch under my foot causing me to jump ever so slightly, dropping the salmon . splashed very hot olive oil on my hand, leaving a very painful burn .
 My (now-ex) girlfriend is practicing for tryouts to get into a college music program . She has been stalked by a guy for several years now . i screencapped a picture of her stalkers facebook, and made a fake facebook post around coming to see her performance day next week, in an attempt to come to me to help her . i sent her the .psd file with all the layers not flattened, and the truth came out that i tried to manipulate her .
 My parents were going out and my girlfriend wanted to come over after our plans to go to her house had failed . My cousin, who has been staying with us for the past 3 months, is also home in the living room and we are a room away in my room . We decided to sneak upstairs and get it in, no sex though because we had heard a rustle downstairs .
 saved up for 2 months to buy a new phone . found an iphone on craigslist, and bought it without switching providers on the spot . Big mistake... the guy didn't take his account info off the phone . he owes over $500 to sprint, so they refuse to take him off the . phone without him paying his bill .
 i was selling 2 different things. one was arranged at an office max. the other at my house. The person arranged at office max didn't contact me for days and i thought he didn't want the thing anymore. The other person was new and asked for my phone number yesterday . today morning, i got a text asking to meet up, specifically with the thing he's buying in the text . i said sure and waited for him for an hour while he drove all over the county trying to find my area. eventually he found it and was waiting at officemax.
 An 18yo 15st male with no prior dating experience is writing here, so... yeah. so, in order to understand my fuck up, a little back story . i started my second year at college with a girl and we start talking again (still didn't know her name) about 5 minutes later my friend, let's call him john, sits down with us and tells us that we are similar, personality wise, so using his phone, tells me to ask her out .
 After school, some big ass dude came up to me and started confronting me . He was like \"if you don't stop talking like that to my daughter, i'm going to report you to the police and the school\" turned out my friends sexted some girl from my phone . we knew each other's name, face, number, and nothing else .
 My dad walked in on me balls deep in my boyfriend's bed doggy style and in full view . The look that was on his face was pure pure, unadulterated terror . We didn't finish, and we did not join my parents in the kitchen for some beef and gravy .
 A high school student and her boyfriend were looking for a place to get sexy back in high school . An elderly man and woman were innocently out waling their dogs . The next day i counted 53 mosquito bites all over my body.  To top it all off, the next day, i had 53 mosquito bite marks on my body .
 My kid was running around with a knife, while i was cooking . apparently he was 'playfighting' his words not mine . he ran with the knife straight into my leg and embedded half of it in . then because i\"m retarded, and for some reason my brain tells me the logical thing to do is chisel it out with another knife . now im stuck here on my phone waiting for emergency services with 2 knives in my leg .
 i'm mostly joking about being a stickler for rules, as some pointed out there really aren't any rules, i'm just referring to the name of the subreddit . i'm not gonna say the subreddit is going to shit because this is one of my favorite subreddit . If i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on th Thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt!
 i thought in my still half asleep pain filled brain that i had broken my neck or at least shaved a section off of a cervical vertebrae . After 3 hours of excruciating pain i was seen by a doctor and given some codeine, ibilene and told it will get worse before it gets better .
 Cat had ear mites and/or random brown crust and shit in my eye . Doctor: \"that's the worst story i've heard all day\" Cat: \"i have a midterm today. rushed to the doctor by my house. He told me i'd be okay and have me a prescription in case it discharges\"
 My current bf is the first guy i've had any sexual experience with, he however is not new to the act so i tend to feel obligated to go all out, be a bit aggressive and playful, talk dirty, the works, just really make it a wonderful experience that doesn't highlight the fact that i'm new at it . So today we were on round 2 and i was being extra rough like he likes, nails in his back, pulling his hair, i was on top and i got a little too into it and mid-thrust tried to quickly change my position of my arms .
 i'm a busboy in a restaurant where i give kids crayons and something to color while they wait for their food . when some kids left, i cleaned the table, as per usual, but i accidentally left some of the crayon at the bottom of one of the pockets of my apron .
 The first few emails had subject lines such as: \"my wet, naked body just for you\", \"what you'll cum home to\", and \"just a little something to get you through your long shift\" The first email was from a naked picture sent to my fwb (friend with benefits)
 i hadn't slept yet and i was literally running on zero sleep so i figured i'd make a pot of coffee, stay up until the landlord came by, and then pass out as soon as he left . After what seemed like an eternity.. i look up and see someone out of the corner of my eye...yep.. my landlord and maintenance guy standing there...fml. due to the fact that this is super fucking embarrassing i had to make a throwaway account..
 i came home late sunday night from volunteering at the nikes women's half marathon in dc.  i ate some dinner and went to bed.  it was raining all day on monday so i spent the day home applying to jobs. i went to get a hair cut and noticed that my center armrest was wide open....and empty . i checked other areas of the car and everything was still there: oakleys, ez-pass, all documents in my glove compartment, and football cleats . i open my trunk and my bag of gym clothes and my case of monster drinks were gone .
 i was a sophomore in high school and i went to a school that had a real deal soccer team, who happened to be playing our rival school in the state finals . After screaming obscenities at the players on the field for about 20 minutes, i decide its high time to make a run to the bathroom, so without thinking to have a friend join me in navigating the sea of people between the concession stand and myself, i just stumble carelessly through hordes of bodies, incoherent to the frustration of these people . i suppose i looked a bit suspicious during this trip and immediately after i resumed my place in the stands to scream like a jackass i feel a tap on my shoulder .
 The day i bought it i tried one just as i was about to drive home, it blew my face off and i felt like i was driving drunk . When ever i use them, i have to scrape the seeds out...unless i want nuclear food . i once chopped one up, didn't wash my hands properly, and later that evening i rubbed my eye was melting .
 i was mowing the grass at my house (note: i live on a lake with a large hill leading into it) when suddenly my legs began to feel wet . i looked down(mower still running) and realized i had annihilated a big bullfrog . mortified, i then tried to hurry down the hill mowing when i slipped in the remains of the frog .
 The girl who sits next to me is a very open lesbian . She began talking to me about her homosexual relationship problems . In a blaze of absent minded ignorance i blurt out \"gosh, that is soooo gay\" She went berserk and made me feel like the most bigoted ignorant jackass .
 i really needed a piss, so as soon as the guy had been paid i went upstairs to the bathroom to relieve myself . The blinds were open, but i thought; \"meh, he'll start downstairs at the front\" 30 seconds later, and i saw nothing other than the window cleaner's ladder appear outside, and heard footsteps on the rungs .
 i literally shaved off the skin from one side of my nipple by being a little overzealous with a razor in my worn-out state . in my panic, i somehow coaxed it to stop bleeding so much, i decided to masturbate . apparently, nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine .
 High School chemistry class we had an lab to do . I emailed my teacher and asked if, just to be silly, i could bring in a gas mask to wear instead of safety glasses . She gave me the ok as long as not to wear it outside of the classroom . The mask was found in a canister in the cafeteria and police thought it was part of a bomb .
 The internet connection would go from private to public on its own causing my internet to disconnect . After much frustration and days of trying to fix it i decided to just call tech support . After a few minutes of talking the it guy said that the best thing to do was to reset my computer to factory setting . \"ok\" i though, this computer is only a week old how so i don't have anything important on it. so i restore it and continue on with my day .
 i started to smell something burning but for some reason didn't get up . The smell of burnt *something* is filling the house and i run downstairs, half expecting to see a growing fire in my living room . Thankfully it's just the eggs, and i was able to open up all the doors and windows as well as turn on all the fans .
 This weekend i wore 100 spf sunblock and reapplied it mid-day (i never stayed wet and i never toweled off so usually i am fine) i am very, very pale. i am as white as they get. i wear the hell out of sunscreen and always have a bottle on me. so this weekend i went to a water park. i always do that when i get too much sun and it works. Now i can't see my back. My mirror is off the wall while my vanity is being replaced.
 An airsoft player threw his guts out like the ganges on laundry day . He ended up getting heat stroke by wearing too many layers of clothing . He threw up in the car after playing airsoft and was playing like a child . Threw up again 10 minutes into playing and threw up again .
 i swear... i have the worst luck in the world. i swear, i swear . i'm tired, and i have a doppler in a couple hours. i'm not gonna do my usual wall of text just a short post this time . i swear.
 A pizza delivery driver was fired for writing a riddle on receipts . The customer took pictures of the boxes and sent them to corporate . The next day, the manager said, \"this was a dumb choice, and it has a terrible outcome\" The customer got her order, and her children promptly freaked out, which freaked her out .
 Incident occurred while on safari in maasai mara gamepark in kenya . The 'object' dislodged and came tumbling down, hit the ground and burst into a ball of wild african bees . The loud buzzing sound was more than enough of a warning that i was about to be devoured by the [angriest and meanest bees in the whole world.]
 A month ago, i applied nair hair removal lotion to my balls and pubes . i applied it all over my junk, and for good measure, i made sure to get it in my asshole to get the hair out of there too . After five episodes of adventure time, my nether regions were starting to sting, so i assumed we were getting towards the end of the nair process . i could smell the hair starting to burn, but i just assumed that was supposed to happen, since it is a cream that melts your hair off . i was literally laying on my back while hair, skin, and blood melted off me .
 When i tried to start it, it gave some beep codes which wasn't listed in the official beep code list . i was like \"god dammit\" and decided to be superrepairman and decided in a hulk-voice \"i want play now!!!!!!!!!111\" i then tried to brute force the heatsink out of the metal bars (am3 slot) and i proceed to use brute force on that shit . The chip came off and landed on the ground with a clear *chink* noise .
 A host at a restaurant was trying to find a first job as a teenager for a month before he got hired as a host . After cleaning a table, i pulled the tray out with too much force and underestimated the weight of the utensils . The sound of all the metal hitting the floor was deafening and caused a huge ruckus .
 The examiner told me i didn't fail the test because of that but, i was so thrown off after that, i pretty much bombed the test . Afterwards when i told my instructor that i failed, he drove me home and that was it . Afterwards, he left me a voicemail telling me to call him back .
 i was almost sure that i had pressed the button that said \"main campus only\" when searching through the available courses . 3 of my five classes, 3 of them are at the rio rancho campus which is 20 miles away and one is at the los lunas/valencia campus . i don't own a car so 3 days a week i'm going to be riding 40 miles to and from school .
 The so and i are in ecuador on vacation and we are flying out to panama city and 6am the following morning the next morning . After a day of drinking, i can't find the condo we are renting for the life of me . We discover i've lost my iphone. it has all my vacation pics and some nudie pics of me on it...we head back and we go to sleep for a bit after a lot of yelling .
 The day was great! i did some hoodrat shit with my friends, \"watched\" despicable me 2 with my date, and by watching i mean violating her tounge with my own while a movie plays in the background . After a night out, a moth the size of a gi joe was squirming out of agony on my face . i had bug juice all over my cheek, a leg and part of a wing .
 The only thing i had to make life bearable was tea . i finished a box of 20 tea bags using a 20oz mug for each bag in only 3 days... i was to blame for the 3 excruciating days of shit coated pain . i drank so much tea that i ended up finishing half of some menthe tea and a whole box of my parents diet green tea .
 The writer went to McDonald's to buy a strawberry banana smoothie and 2 hot & spicy sandwiches . The urge to shit reached critical mass and i made a bee line to the bathroom where the most fiery, painful liquid-esque shit i've ever produced in my entire life poured from my nether regions . It literally burned for the next 2-3 hours or so .
 i have never got even a third of this much karma for anything i have ever posted before, but seriously, he didn't need to see that . He says \"i think you need a mirror or something. i think it is worse than you realize\" i have no clue how i couldn't feel it. If i saw it on google, i would think \"*how* does anybody let it get that bad?!\"
 A girl from ohio had been hitting on me, but i didn't know how to make a move . Since i was drunk, i panicked, carried him inside, gave him to my more sober friend, then sprinted around the building in terror until i realized my sober friend had taken him to our room and he was sleeping . The night ends with us falling asleep next to each other after kissing for awhile .
 The author is visually impaired and can't drive, so he's stuck taking the bus . He says he didn't realize that his bag was in the middle of the isle, open for any passerby who happened to look down to see . The manager of the store asked him to close his bag so it's not open for the entire public to see? He says i'm now known as 'the creep that carries sex toys everywhere'
 i was cleaning up my boyfriend's art supplies that were just sitting in the corner of the living room next to the couch . i decided to pack them up in one of those giant plastic storage containers . i got a text from my boyfriend this afternoon (in somewhat of a panic) asking where all his stuff was .
 The optometrist said that what happened was most likely inflammation caused by dryness in the eye . The cause of this? my hypothyroidism . He was given some eyedrops to take if it happens again . He has two more appointments for this on the 19th of april and on the 1st of may .
 My family consists of my grandparents, my mother, my father, my little sister, and some pets . Today, i was told that i would be home alone and i should take care of the house . i decided the most relaxing thing i could possibly do was use the nicest shower in the house (the one by my parent's bedroom) and do my nails in the bed .
 It's 4:30am and i have to pee...i walk downstairs and notice the kitchen light on . i get into the kitchen and see my husband standing there...then suddenly i see a light blue wadded piece of fabric . Suddenly i realize these are my friends panties, a girl we opened our home up to while she was visiting from california .
 My mother has been in the hospital for a month and my dad, sister and i take turns staying over with her . Since there are no beds available for guests at the moment, i fashioned one out of a bunch of chairs and a sleeping bag . At around 4 am i wake up with awful back pains from the damn chairs and decide to rearrange . well, i took one of the many pillows that was piled on a chair, repositioned myself and rubbed my face into the deliciously comfortable hospital pillow .
 The heavier you are (this thing is designed for 7-8 year olds), the faster it spins . When i finally figured out how to stop it i got off dizier that a heavily intoxicated person. started walking in extremely tight circles unable to stop myself and tripped over a log and heavily bruised my leg. 5 hours later it still hurts like crazy.
 i'm in the navy working out of an aircraft hangar and today we had the mas (military police) come through our command with a drug dog . well the dog comes up to my desk and he's starting to sniff pretty good, he starts smelling my pocket when all hell breaks loose in this dog's world . He's barking, freaking out, practically shits himself. the ma freaks out also and grabs me and tells me to empty my pockets . so i pull out the 3 bucks i had. so i pulled out the money i had . i had no idea that dogs could even detect that the dollar could have been used for coke who knows how long ago .
 The last day i worked at my local pool we decided it would be fun to ride my little bmx bike into the pool . After we're done, i'm soaking wet, and as i'm walking the bike out of the pool area i set it down to fix my bathing suit . It falls off balance and becomes a teeter-totter of nastiness and the tire tears my already soft toenail straight up .
 This happened back in high school, but i still messed up with it . i had a cold that day and i had been keeping a giant fucking lugie in my mouth because i had nowhere to get rid of it . She made me laugh and this wad of my spit and mucous comes flying out of my mouth at mach 10 and lands on her shoulder .
 A male posted an interesting way to masturbate by clenching your butt muscles like you are pushing out a bar of fudge during orgasm . This technique prevents ejaculation momentarily and induces a firehouse of cum (preferably into the back of your so's throat (boyfriend, girlfriend)
 The story goes back two years ago, but whatevs. i still messed up . i was at the gas station late one night, about to buy $20 in gas and a snickers . i got talking to the guy at the register, because work was slow that night, and he was cuuuuuuute . He failed to get the register open and went in the back to ask his manager . He went on a rant about how i was racist, and how hard it is to be short in the hood .
 i'll admit, this wasn't today, but actually yesterday because i was very sick and i couldn't drag myself to the computer or phone to write this . Yesterday my family went out to a fairly fancy restaurant and i had huge portions of food . i threw up literally everything i had eaten that day, which was a lot .
 This woman must have been at least 95 years old . When i knocked her down, i also dropped several of my own bags . turns out that i accidentally took one of her shopping bags with a few garments in it (receipt says the total cost was around $108)
 The delaney crew of the delaney boys provide comic relief and provide a steady stream of perils of wisdom . Often, they get shitfaced and end up needing a helping hand across the street, a task that i have somehow inherited, though i don't mind it . One of them fell off his bar stool and thumped his dome pretty hard on the hardwood floor . He seemed disoriented but overall okay. i helped him to his feet and told my crew i would walk him across the road and would soon return .
 i live in quebec, where french is the language of 80% of the population, and i was raised in another country with english as my first language . The running joke in the province is either that they don't speak french, or when they do, they do it hilariously badly .
 Someone i thought was \"j\" was a friend-of-a-friend who in retrospect doesn't look anything like \"j\". Apparently they were quite confused, and next time i see them will be extremely embarrassing . It turns out i had shouted at someone completely different, a friend of a friend who looks like 'j'
 on this dreary and lonely night, i decided to look up 'porn' on 'youtube' The porn played on my dad's 52 inch plasma with surround sound . He is still giving me the look to this minute... It played on his father's 52-inch plasma .
 My mom kicked my dad out this summer for reasons that don't pertain to the story . He's physically disabled (broke both ankles) and very depressed . My dad was working at his buddy's auto shop doing computer work like ordering parts and keeping things on file . He got laid off yesterday because they didn't need him .
 After a great night of entertainment and conversation, we go back to her place, we have a few drinks . One thing leads to another, and she's completely naked and i'm fingering her . She asks me for sex, i refuse because i have to condoms . She almost begs me the third time and i seriously considered it, then reminded myself that i'm a shitty person for even letting it get this far along .
 Last night i was driving back from a friends house after drinking a few beers and shooting the shit . I had to pee really bad, so i had the bright idea to use all my powers of multitasking and pee in an empty snapple bottle while still driving . The second the bottle leaves my hand though, the whole interior of my car is instantly covered in broken glass .
 The other night i drove someone home from work and he asked if i wanted to smoke with him, and i had some cash to spare so i said sure, just for the hell of it . It took me about 20 minutes to start feeling it, so i haven't had it since . About halfway through my drive home, i decide to call my girlfriend and talk to her about her hanging out with her ex alone, and then it turned to if she cared about my emotions at all, and even if she even loved me . She seems to be adamant (judging by what she's said to others) that she's not going to come back .
 Girl whom i've had a relationship with for 4 years (on and off) had to be told that i messed with her closest friend a couple years back when we were having severe issues . my parents know this girl's parents and probably have to put their heads down in shame every time they see them now. they supposed to be somewhere today where they're going to bump into them .
 lunch started out normal, sitting with my friends eating the excuse for food they serve at schools . i'm having a chicken patty sandwich and fries so i have loads of ketchup on my tray . i start telling a story and get super into it making wild hand gestures and such . one of the gestures ends in my hand accidentally making forceful contact with my milk carton . my milk empties most of its contents into my ketchup and my tray with some milk landing on the table . i go back up to the front to get napkins to clean up my terrible mess .
 A half-inch thick ultrabook is not supposed to take 50-odd kilos of weight, especially not on the edge of the open screen . Even my sister, with her limited knowledge of computers, could tell that it was way beyond repair . She bolts out of the room, leaving a very stunned friend with a damaged laptop .
 A friend (we'll call him paul) and i were staying out of town for a search and rescue conference for a few days showing off our uav aircraft . i guess paul must have forgotten his key card so i shut the shower off, tied a towel around my waist and walked out the front door to let my pal in like any true friend .
 i followed the instructions to a t (this is one thing i can actually do) and decided to go big and follow the oven instructions . The meal sets the alarm off when i take it out of the oven . i'm on the phone with my roommate asking how to turn off the oven when the next door guy comes over .
 i'm going to try to make this short because my stories always end up being way longer than necessary...friday night, my friend had a party for her birthday . It was only my second time drinking and i suddenly blacked out sometime between 11 and midnight (i think) between then and 3 i apparently did some weed (never done that either, not that i remember anyways) and then took a couple of my blankets and pillows up to the attic of the garage and fell asleep . i woke up around 6, having no idea what was going on and yet still drunk enough to not be offput by that .
 It's finals week and i needed to eat something quickly before a study session so i went with a mashed potato bowl . The next day i was feverish, had a splitting headache, an incredibly upset stomach, intense feeling of nausea, nausea, 4 kanker sores and, the worst symptom of all, a feelimg of acid reflux which occurs every time i swallow my own saliva, water or food .
 i had the heat on med-low and went in to make some fries and left the chicken for 5 minutes . went back out and the chicken was on fire, and the heat settings wouldn't go down . The siding behind the bbq is all melted and about 5 panels need to get replaced .
 One year ago this week marks the anniversary of a broken arm . The accident happened during a game of arm-wrestling with a friend . The injury left my arm paralyzed for 7 months and i still have a bad-ass scar and a few insensitive spots on my arm to make me laugh .
 Tifu returns to Reddit with another masturbatory cautionary tale . The writer's testicles are deeply, horrifically sensitive to the effects of tabasco . He spent an hour dangling his red and angry self in a sink of cold water . He used a plastic bag, one of those little freezer bags, and sealed it up with tape . He then strapped himself up and strapped himself down .
 i used a plastic tea bag corner to finally push it down and out of my teeth . felt some considerable tooth movement in the process. now my front teeth don't touch. eat salad for lunch. eat salads for lunch . i used to pull a hot pink envelope from a post-it, but it ripped and wedged into my gums .
 The college is calling a meeting about my 'inappropriate' behaviour . My computer has been logged off and my account is being logged off . My parents have been called and the college is meeting about it . i was just thinking that i'll get a smack on the wrist, type of thing .
 \"i've been staring at my computer, occasionally glancing with disdain at my flaccid genitals, and sipping a glass of scotch as i type this up . The text asked me that, were someone to offer me a blow job, if i'd accept. The text was sent out of the blue by a longtime friend, and i thought it was a joke . After skype, she said that she was offering to give him head and that her bf dumped her .
 The author of \"Karma is out there,\" says he was a major slob and decided to go running when he felt a bit of uneasiness in his abdomen . The next 30 mins were the most painful, awkward moments of my life as i trudged through city blocks, sitting down and resting trying to get home .
 It's stupid to trust farts on the day of the beeriod. So there i was, about twenty mins ago, trusting farts. When one toddles along and enters the cannon to be fired out, me being cocky about my farts let it let it rip! i immediately felt the warmth of shit in between my arse cheeks. running to the toilet, i let out another by accident. Running for the toilet with my shitty boxers staring at me in the face .
 An out-of-state family member was receiving an award at a family party . Her introduction was the opening of the event, but she was told she could just give \"whatever highlights from the senator's bio sheet had struck me as mentionable\" The worst part: seeing my father, who's the picture of propriety and an excellent public speaker, shaking head .
 Half-naked Indian man urinates on roommate's desk in drunken drunken drunkenness . The incident happened in a dorm room on the floor of a student dormitory . The next day, the man who urinated on his desk was embarrassed to find out what was going on with the incident .
 Both tube lines were part suspended due to signal failure and a trespasser on the track at peak time . The only way out of london from where i work by tube is the jubilee line . The company i called told me it would be \u00a325 to go to baker street, but hopefully it wouldn't take me too long to get home, and sure beats travelling at rush hour with all these delays... right?
 Kanye West's new album, \"yeezus,\" came out this week . The rapper is a fan of his music, but his lyrics are just as obscene/ as much of an asshole as ever . Kanye West is an artist who has been accused of being a rap artist in the past .
 i had planned a vacation and took 5 days off of work to sit around the house and play video games . last day before my vacation i notice my unibrow is growing back so i shave it with a razor, no big deal . day 2 the area is a little sore, i ignore it, i get pimples sometimes . day 3 i see a pimple and try with all my might to bust it wide open . day 4 i wake up and my eye is swollen shut and the whole side of my face has gained a pound . day 5 it's saturday i try to find a doctor that can help me on the weekend .
 A sub-contractor's job was to replace a few doors on a house . A woman complained that he was supposed to be here a few days ago to which he explained the door wasn't available yet so she complained . She then found something else to complain about in that it's supposed to rain today \"who is dumb enough to come install a door in the rain?\" My employer turns to me and says \"this chick is such a bitch!\" which just made me die laughing .
 i was rushing off to the gym and remembered i hadn't taken my vitamins and supps. yet for the day so i grabbed my magic pills, which include 2 fish oil capsules, and went to down 'em on my way out the door . Put the pills in your sports bra, yoga pants have no pockets and the bra will keep 'em contained for a minute or two .
 Drunkenly stumbled upon a cop giving a girl a citation, and got another open container citation . Went back to his friend's house to avoid getting another citation . Was arrested and charged with burglary 4th, disorderly conduct, and disorderly conduct . Held in jail for 3 days before $25,000 bail was posted .
 i've been sick the past few days and have been on a liquid diet.  just an hour ago i had to fart and let it rip.  right as soon as i let it out did i feel a damp spot on my underwear. i have been sick    just as soon . as soon, i felt a damp . spot on  underwear .
 i thought my room mate was going to be gone for the rest of the afternoon, so i decided to get a little freaky with myself . then i though, \"fucking it, i'll take off my pants and underwear, and get really into it\" just as i'm getting to the best part, i hear the door start to unlock . i'm pretty sure my heart actually exploded from the initial terror and my brain shut down .
 After a long and stressful day of dealing with customers, it's nice to have a few beers after my shift . By the 6th beer or so, i'm standing outside having a smoke under our pagola (sheltered extension thing added to our house in our backyard) where tonight's dinner was cooked . After thinking how surprisingly appetizing the grease tasted, i pick one up (assuming it was a bit of meat left over from the night's dinner) and stick it in my mouth . i then proceed to do what most people do when they put something in their mouth, and my masticating reflex kicks in. After over 30 seconds or so of chewing, still crunchy,
 7 cop cars pull up and 2 of them get out of the car and run up to him . 7 cops (and there were more than 7 cops) it was nuts. i felt like a fucking idiot and apologized profusely to the cop who was talking to me and running my name .
 i woke up to the most unbearable back pain that prevented me from getting out of the car and stretching . i sat up and put a pillow behind my back and say the res of the ride in the most uncomfortable state i've ever been in. nine hours later and my back is still tense and my beautiful girlfriend is massaging my back with a warm rag .
 Middle School teacher has had a nasty head cold recently . Thought he would have a quick 1 minute breakfast of a muffin and what i thought was cranberry juice . Thought it was just a little gas and decided to let out a little steam during locker break...it..was..not..gas . Had to literally walk out of class .
 i got alcohol poisoning for the first time in front of my boyfriend, during \"my week\" of love for craft beer . i also found out that even when blackout drunk, i am aware of how expensive an ambulance ride will be...little wins?  i'm not afraid to miss a half hour of bar time .
 In a soccer game, the goalie for our team is not the best, she's a little chubby, a little weak, but super nice and cute . The ball hit her legs, and without thinking i yelled \" nice thunder-thighs block c!\" She smiled because she knew i hadn't meant to be mean, and went to smack my head in a playful manor .
 i'm a year 11 student in england and my teacher lets us muck around doing what we want so naturally i just muck about with my mates . After hearing a comment about me created a jockstrap another pupil walks round the corner inquiring \"did i hear someone say jockstraps?\". he then proceeded to unbuckle his trousers and drop 'em to the floor revealing his almighty man thong .
 i dated a girl for a year and a half and we very recently broke up . She at one point bought pink spandex for running, but they were too big for her, and since i wear compression shorts for underwear, i told her i'd take them as a joke . Today, before work i realized i had no clean underwear and no time to do laundry. i tore apart my room until i came across the pink shorts .
 An assistant manager at a local convenience store, let's call it casie's, had to fill in for sick/unavailable coworkers . The bathroom was covered in the most vile smelling, runny, pea soup colored, ridiculously large amount of shit that you can ever imagine . i had to manually remove the toilet seat, and clean under, between, and all around the hinges .
 After work on sunday, i went to a bar with one of my managers to blow off some steam from the hectic weekend . When i got to the parking lot where my car wasn't there, the owners said they hadn't seen it and definitely hadn't called in to the towing companies . The police didn't have the authority to look up my plate number to file the report and, since i am registered out of state, they couldn't find it . 10 minutes later, i received a call from the police saying \"we found your car\"
 An overzealous police officer grabbed me, slammed me up against the suv, and placed me under arrested without reading me my rights . He then searched my friend's car and found a sawed-off shotgun in the trunk of his car . My friend took it upon himself to go to my girlfriend's house, tell her that i'm going to be in prison for 8 years cause of the shotgun, and essentially jumped to conclusions without knowing the facts .
 A year ago, i got drunk at a friend's house with one other girl (codename: amber) and even though i only planned on a few drinks i got pretty drunk . around 4 in the morning i fell asleep for half an hour only to awake and find that isabelle had snuck three crazy drunk guys into the house . at 5 a.m., the guys kept trying to hit on me. i had to drive amber home before returning home and telling my parents that i had just woke up early because i forgot my calculator .
 i was on my way to bring in the trash cans this afternoon when i saw a dust ball like figure moving on the road . i stopped it the second time with my presence and it went down the street . The mole was disoriented for about 20 minutes and started acting lively again. It is still injured though and if i were to release it, the mole might just come back to my garden again .
 i have 4 injections of insulin a day, one kind i have which is short acting i have 3 times a day . Before bed every night i have an injection of lantus which is a long lasting insulin that works in the background to level out my blood-glucose levels (i usually have 40 units) The next day i bumped my dose up to 42 units and the next day it started at 4 am a continous stream of low blood glucose levels i'm constantly shaking and can't move for about six hours .
 i was quoting this one really funny video (i'm too lazy to post the link) when i leaned over and said to him 'go back to africa!' when the i turn around and see the professor standing right behind me . The professor was right behind him .
 i take daytime concentration pills and night time relaxation pills to cope with anxiety of being an american and feeling white man's guilt . This morning with a slight headache i popped my morning dose of ambien . It took so much heart broken effort just to get out of bed .
 In my district you need a pass if you are not on that bus regularly, but of course we didnt have one so i told bus driver that my friend was my german exchange student . My friend says in a heavy accent \"gutentagen me ovil *hesitates* kook\" my bus driver believes him than further calls the bus company to question protocol .
 i am 5'4'', and these giant trays hang over me like an umbrella and are very difficult for me to carry . i finish service in a blur while avoiding eye contact for the next six hours . i make $40 in tips, though i think they were sympathy tips mostly .
 The northern lights would be visible in my area when i heard that the northern lights were visible in the area . The door to the bathroom door wouldn't budge after a night out drinking wine with my best friend . The locksmith couldn't fix the door, and the dogs jumped in and locked it in .
 The problem was fixed when my little brother tried to play minecraft . My dad unplugged an external hard drive and the computer rebooted with no problem . The problem is still not fixed, although the java problem isn't fixed . The boy's favourite candy (whoopers) has been fixed .
 The story goes back to the original version of this week's Daily Sketch . This week's episode is the first of the show's weekly feature on iReporter's weekly blog . Follow us on Twitter @dailymailonline.com/Heroes and @Heroes.com .
 this morning, i walked into my bathroom to see the toilet filled to the brim with brown water... definitely a clog . i began the plunger-ing process, inadvertently spraying water all over the toilet seat and floor . when i was done, i grabbed a wash cloth that was nearby and wiped up the water then threw the towel on top of my laundry pile. got out of the shower, i saw in the mirror that i had some extra face wash on my face, so i *accidentally grabbed the shit rag* from the top of the laundry pile .
 A small clothing line owner sent a gift package to a football player and a pop singer in the San Francisco area . The football player is a size xxl and the pop singer a size small . When labeling the bags i swapped the labels and ended up shipping the giant football player a . size small and the tiny pop singer .
 i was 10 when this happened . one night i was sitting on a couch with my sister and her son, my nephew (2 years old). i was 'watching' him go through the process of getting up and he fell off . right when he hit the floor, he made a huge bang sound then burst into tears . my sister ran out of the bathroom and screamed, \"what the hell happened?!\" i replied \"he fell\". it all goes down hill from there .
 There's a rope hanging from a bridge and a huge block of concrete under that you can swing off of, about 10 feet (~3.3 meters) over the water . The rope has 3 huge knots about 3 inches apart near the bottom, and 3 smaller ones after . Every knot hit me in the dick. i'm talking 3 golf balls then 3 baseball size knots . The last, huge, about the size of 2 softballs goes through my ass .
 My boyfriend went out with his buddies last night and left me home alone . It was a perfect chance for a super secret cheat day, but nothing in the house was worthy of the occasion . i decided to go to mcdonald's and order the most ridiculous thing possible: a mcrib sandwich .
 i neglected to check the toilet at work today which i normally do. (yeah, that's where this is heading.) i sat down and enjoyed my number 2. (Yeah, i'm not sure what happened) As i'm tucking my work shirt into my pants i feel a wet spot on the back of it. i turned around to find someone's cum and piss on the . back of the toilet . at the base of the flush mechanism which would have been just beneath my asscrack. shirt dipped right on in. i took that shirt off and scrubbed the fuck out of the one spot then cut off my hands .
 i think, its just nothing oh well, but then boom. chunky bits of wet-food vomit all over my floor and bed-sheet . had to quickly get stains off the carpet before they set in (i used windex on the carpet which actually worked) one night i'll never forget .
 At around 5:15 in the evening (about 25 minutes ago), i decided to make myself a cup of tea to fight off the mid-evening snooze and get focused for the night ahead . The only remotely cup-worthy receptacle to be found was an apple sauce jar of dubious age . Upon further inspection, there were still congealed chunks of demon-bile floating around in the tea water . i ran to the bathroom and promptly vomited into the shitter .
 An employee at a lab in a lab has a hangover and calls out because of it because he's working 8 hours a day . The writer says he was so nauseous at work that he ran out of the bathroom to throw up hard . He says he never stopped walking and managed to avoid projectile vomiting and no pants .
 Work site in the middle of a cul-de-sac with only a port-a-potty as a bathroom . The force of the impact caused me to get up screaming from the pain and uncontrollably shit myself. needless to say, i spent an hour, driving uncomfortably home, followed by a clean-up and shower .
 Some of you may remember my story from several months ago wherein i gave a doorstop to an addict and got bitched at twice for it . i got a text saying that i would come in on monday, my day off, without pay to \"finish what i started\" or i would be fired . i tried to report him to several offices, and even spoke with a lawyer, but missouri law states that an employer can fire an employee for any reason, or no reason, as long as it's not race or gender . i found a job only 2 days after losing my old one with the misogynist slave driver .
 After sitting with clients all morning, my back was really hurting, and i needed somewhere to stretch it out . i decided to do it underneath a big conference table because no matter where you walk, you can't see underneath it, unless you're bending down . After a few minutes, my muscles finally relaxed, which felt amazing. i still had like 45 minutes left, and no one had bothered me, so i thought \"what the hell\" and decided to close my eyes [edit] and sleep .
 i was in year 10 (which was last year) and it was a t Tuesday . My school turned into an academy 4 years ago . The music department was in the dining hall (they were partitioned by some cheap shoddy wall) This meant that the music department still had additional rooms for 'practice rooms' The teachers completely forgot that we were in the practice room . i have the urge to piss. i have a weak bladder. in fact, weak doesn't even begin to explain it. i had basically just pissed all over my school uniform .
 My friend opened a store recently so my friend (not the store owner) and i decide to stop by and check some things out . As we walk up to the counter i notice a purse sitting on the floor so i said \"hey i think some lady left her purse here!\" and pointed at it . No one said anything for the first few seconds . One of the guys who were standing at the counter said \"that's mine\"
 As i was on my way back from my internship, i get off the bus to head to the train station . As i go to cross the street to the station i can't see what's coming to the left of me because there is a bus in the way . i notice everyone is kinda looking at my like wtf and i am halfway across . when i look the left and there is an ambulance headed straight for me. of course i run out of the way but now i am that guy .
 Yesterday i had my last of 6 finals and decided appropriate celebration was necessary, so i called up some of my friends to go smoke some weed . After smoking, of course, came the munchies, and i didn't have much in my room except for some burger buns . The nauseating idea of almost eating tribble buns nearly made me throw up, but i was able to groggily throw them away .
 An actor asked a girl to his senior prom a couple weeks ago . He's an assistant directing/assistant stage managing a production at a community theater that opens on friday the 17th . The director of the stage production doesn't even think performing at benaroya hall (in seattle) is a reason to miss one rehearsal .
 i haven't smoked weed for around three years, since my uni days and even then i was a pretty light user . I've never known the like hot watery shit exploding from my poor bum-holey. it goes on for a long time. i was pretty spaced out so i kept floating into consciousness and realising this big wet poop is still coming out .
 i love this chocolate called bounty which is very sweet and i cannot get enough of, so i manage to eat two bars after a very heavy lunch . i don't feel the need to drop a deuce so just spend my night gaming to my hearts content . After nearly an hour and a half of waiting i let out the fiery coconutty deuce from my poor little ass .
 i was just dropping off to sleep and was holding my erect dick as i dropped off . Unfortunately i had that moment as you teeter on the edge of sleep where you feel like your falling.by body, acting as reflex, jerked my legs and arms causing me to yank my cock hard as hell and slapping my bollocks around .
 There was blood and cotton everywhere on the carpet, sink, cabinets, and the floor of the house . The dog was found with dried blood on his face and had to be cleaned out of the room by cleaning it out of his own blood . The owner of the family's bathroom is usually kept open, but the door was left open when the dog went through the trash .
 i decided enough time had passed maybe i can be friends with another girl, d . i had a very short fling a few months back which i ended as tactfully as i could . d and i are simply not compatible on any level and i am not remotely attracted to her anymore.  d kept hitting me up periodically and i have been keeping my distance but staying polite . i tried to ignore it and change the subject but it just kept getting more awkward.  to top it off, my phone picked that exact moment to start pocket dialing her .
 about a month ago i moved in with my uncle and he has his mother staying with him to take care of her . My cousin and i ended up getting extremely whiskey drunk last night and i allegedly walked into her room and started pissing on her night stand while she slept less than a foot away .
 i've felt after-effects from spicy foods before, but nothing like this . After eating the leftovers, i realized that my butthole felt like it was on fire . i went to the bathroom to see if expunging whatever was brewing within my guts might make it better .
 16-year-old shy lad recently found out he has an amazingly warm, funny, and spontaneous personality, which he has been suppressing for most of his life . He met an amazing girl at a musical, and asked her out, but she declined, but we still remained friends . She said she really admired my honesty and loved my personality . We started skyping at night, and a few days ago, she accepted, but yesterday, she said we probably shouldn't chat for another while, because she's starting to like me, (as in have feelings for me) and she doesn't really know what to do . One of my best friends admits she likes me, and probably won
 The story is not as bad-up as some of the other stories here but whatever, it's not as good as some other stories . The story goes back to when i was a child, when i decided to finger one of the two lamps i chose to finger as a child . i sorta thought it wasn't going to harm me, but i was quite wrong .
 An all-girl's gym class was playing flag football last week . The girl's neck cracked several times after she collided with a teammate's shoulder . She was rushed to the hospital and put in a neck brace . She had to get a rectal exam for some reason, which left the lube there so her buttcheeks kept sliding .
 Mom is super depressed, wont even turn on a tv, she wont do her nightly p90x which she loves and has been crying off and on all evening . i've done all the disaster recovery i, can do for now i think i just need to give her space, fuck am i dumb .
 The worst relationship i ever had in my life damaged me for years, but i think its hilarious . The story actually happened almost 10 years ago, but it doesn't mean it's any less funny but it's not so funny . It happened while i was talking to her on my work phone (as it was paid for), and while she was on the phone with her i got a call from a mate of mine . He called me 2-3 times as for whatever irrelevant reason, he really needed to talk to me . While she was directing her to a different, better route home, she got lost and got well and truly lost .
 Due to the school swapping around classes at the last minute, i now have to drop linear algebra . i then decide to take organic chemistry, however, i have to take the lab and the class together . This is all during the break i had between differential equations and orgo.  i unknowingly drifted a little forward, causing a car to hit me. i then deal with the ensuing police and everything .
 This isn't my fuckup, but it's my friend's . The two friends flipped off the camera on a rollercoaster . They had to sit in a security booth or call one of their teachers . Their homeroom teacher was furious and said that they will talk about it tommorrow .
 The story goes back to a daylong hike in beautiful boulder, Colorado . With no toilet for miles (there wasn't one at the base of the trail), i had little choice but to become closer with nature . After my friends found some nice, big leaves to wipe with, we found out that the hard thing that i had dropped was an asian zing wing that i apparently couldn't pass very well .
 A coworker was knocked out with a broken nose and a fractured skull . She was tying her shoe as she was about to leave when she was knocked unconscious . She will be doing a full recovery and should have no scars, but how much apologizing can you do when they are just waking up from being knocked out?
 An 8-year-old girl was hit by a mortar that landed straight at her friend's sister . The girl's mother gave the girl the stink eye for the rest of the trip . The incident happened on the fourth of July 4th at a beach in California .
 Since she's my grandmother, i can't really tell her how i feel without getting into a cussing storm that would make the ying-yang twins blush . Instead of making a smart ass comment about how no one talks to her and that my grandpa doesn't love her anymore, i wrote a [letter] to her . when i was done, i saved it and called it \"f*** you\" then left to use the bathroom and call my dad to talk about when i would come over . When i returned, my grandmother was crying and my mom trying to comfort her .
 My so and i spent the weekend at his family's cabin in a rural, wooded area in the mountains, so bugs and wild animals are quite plentiful . It is not unheard of to find an ant infestation, some rat/mice droppings, or even a dead critter upon arrival .
 i made the ill-thought idea to dump my girlfriend only a couple hours after her friend died in a hit-and-run . well, she called me, crying about finding out she was single, so i ended up taking her back . so now i have a girlfriend that i don't want, plus i have to help her grieve. yay me!
 i was playing with the remote by slapping it on my stomach and after 10 minutes of doing so i missed my tummy some how and slapped my balls really hard . i was lying on my futon watching family guy and bored. i was slapping the remote on his stomach .
 My grandmother was having a party for people at the state house, her place of work, and for the future speaker of the house . After the party had started moving into the main room, we decided to go into one of the back room closets where the items i had ordered were put so they wouldn't get in the way of the party . Eventually, they came to the closet and and tried to open it, so my friend decided to open the door .
 A month ago, i posted about a shitty advising appointment . The university (at least the student finances department) is threatening legal action against me . My parents, dipshits that they are, promised to pay my tuition in full and never followed through. excuse being that they don't want to waste their money (having no income, of course) on my sub-par education .
 i tend to get creative late at night, so tonight i remembered the can of fluorescent spray paint i still had lying around .when i open the cap i accidentaly break the little noozle . after i examined the situation i was sure, that i could handle this and just placed the broken parts against each other and began spraying . Now everytime i turn off the lights everything starts to glow and i'm getting a headache from the fumes .
 i was on a diet and ate several pickles for lunch...i thought it was a great idea at the time, hell, i love pickles and they're like, zero calories.... \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0 \u00a0:\u00a0i just started pooping....like, unstoppable soft serve poop. i was hysterical half crying/half almost laughing at the terrible circumstance i had found myself in .
 At 8 a.m. this morning, i was to fill a condom with water, as much as i could, and then transport it outside to chill in the driveway . As it neared completion, it began to resemble an elephant's amniotic sac . i was satisfied by this size and thought it would look marvelous as the new focal point of the driveway. i then began to carry it as best i could to the front door. it was wibbly wobbling all over the place, which i found sort of entertaining until... right on the couch.
 After a long period of a \"no-burn\" policy was lifted, we had a campfire and did some old fireworks we had in our basement . My 13-year-old nephew was sitting on the front lawn when he was blown up . His hearing was gone for a day and he had minor burns and was pretty bruised and scraped up .
 i'm a photographer for a company that mostly does little league sports . i was in a pretty poor part of town and the kids there can be little assholes . i'm taking a team picture and all of them are talking and none are looking at the camera . i get pretty pissed and sternly tell them they all need to look at the  camera immediately .
 The author's morning routine is simple: contacts, brush teeth and fix hair . But when she reached step two, it hit the fan . She vomited 10 seconds later because of how bad it was burning/had gotten in her throat . i proceeded to vomit about 10 seconds after ingesting the gel .
 i swear it happened in slow motion. i swear i heard my flesh sizzling. The hairdryer came forward, nose forward, and somehow landed directly on my boob . My mother was in the house at the time and came down to see what the noise was .
 The past two weeks have been uncomfortably hot - i live close to the beach in a dorm room, and for some reason this room likes to retain heat, on top of my keeping my door closed (hooray for avoiding unitmates!). i live near the beach, i will walk around inside my room naked or partially clothed no big deal, i'm pretty sure a lot of people do that in their own privacy . i was removing nail polish from my nails during the loading screen before my last game when the game started, all my attention was on that for 45 minutes . After the game ended, i realized the cap on the acetone bottle was open and spilled somewhere around ~200
 i went out to buy some groceries, and i took my bike as i'm wont to do when i go shopping . On the way home, on on the slope up towards the apartment building, i notice my neighbour from the door across the hall from me getting out of their car . here's where i mess up . i end up crashing the bike and fall flat on my face .
 i hadn't had breakfast that morning so i was extra hungry and ate so quickly that the food could not get down my throat quick enough . i then coughed up a whole bunch of turkey and somehow it got lodged in my nose . before i can even run to the restroom or even pick up a napkin, the pepper that was on the turkey makes me sneeze a snot/turkey/mashed potato concoction all over the table .
 i think this will be appreciated here. strictly speaking, this happened quite some years ago . i was out camping with some friends in virginia when i was about 16 years old. The resulting mess was one of the strangest sights ever seen by man. no idea what poor soul had to clean that up, and after how many days do animals eat spam?
 His didn't actually happen today, this happened about a year ago . i lived in the middle of nowhere and i had only one neighbor who spoke russian so i had no communication with anyone . i went to my neighbors house hoping to use some sign language or ask if i could use their phone but of course, they weren't home . at 10:00pm i thought \"fucking it, lets just climb through the window\"
 i went to a party and after about 5 hours some people were really drunk, i don't drink so i found it all hilarious . After the initial smash i can't remember anything but everyone there said i jumped up with the speed of a lighting bolt ran screaming in pain for about 20 metres and collapsed on the floor in pain . Now i can barely walk but walked back to the party, stayed there for another 20 minutes and went home in pain.
 After oversleeping a couple hours, i get to work an hour half late and get straight to doing my work . My assignment today was to clean the mess from the construction (i work for a company that builds lifts in old apartments and the diamond saw makes a big ass mess) But someone had turned off the main water valve to the tap and somewhere else . The valve above the sink had nothing on it about it not being touched which it should have .
 There's a baptist church missionary who has stopped by my apartment a few times now . He's a nice kid and he can carry a conversation, so when he's in the neighborhood i invite him in for coffee . i had been cleaning up around the house and playing usher from my phone when someone knocked on the door .
 It was the first week of a new fraternity's \"havana\" events . The first night was chili cook-off night, but i nearly cut off the tip of my finger . After a 4 hour wait, i got out of the emergency room with ten stitches .
 The weekend manager is the weekend manager for a project hp is doing . The two agents i am in charge of are good friends of mine who go out as well, we still get our jobs done efficiently . i had been having i guess a pretty good dream because they said i made a couple of pleasurable moaning noises .
 So, this was t Tuesday, and not really a fuckup, but the scenario is really hilarious in the end . i was shoveling snow from the edge of my neighbor's driveway and putting it into my sweet sweet fort, that's 100% on my yard . 2 cops show up with the neighbor pretty much dragging them out back . They were there on official duty .
 A month ago, a homeless man asked to wash his windshield for money . He said he's not going to beg for money and that he's willing to work for it . This is the first time i've bought food for a homeless person so i was kind of nervous when his food got called out, i grabbed it, turned around and handed it to him .
 i live in the middle of nowhere, i'm driving for about 30sec around 30mph (should've been going slower ik, but i'm not speeding or going the speed limit here) i lose control, fishtail and proceed to go into the yard of a nearby house, across their driveway, and back out onto the road . i then get out to check on my car. No cosmetic damage, no damage to the underside, only a small dent in the front license plate. $200 deductible .
 A first year engineering student who is living in university accomodation has a god-awful electric cooker that takes forever to heat, and the extra time required to boil water means that cooking pasta is really hard to judge . My super-awesome workaround: microwave pasta! just take a big plastic bowl, put the dry pasta in, add water, and microwave on full power for 12 min. a super easy, and **quick**, way to cook bog-standard pasta!
 i work in a biology lab at my university and my main job is to set up labs, wash beakers, and sometimes help professors with their research if they're desperate . The main no-no machine is the autoclave, it's pretty much a big sterilization chamber . The idea is that any bacteria living in or on the stuff inside will have an ugly and painful death and the liquid that was being sterilized will come out clean .
 The first time trying to get a tampon in ended with me in tears as i didn't really know what to do . After 7 hours, i figured i should change it, since that's what the instructions say . It was a tense moment getting it in, but somehow i managed, and actually got it in all the way .
 A friend invited me to a party, but i had gone to sleep about an hour before he messaged me . i haven't done anything sociable all summer, nor have been involved in social activities outside of club things . i may have missed my only chance to be sociable for a while to come .
 My gf decided to come visit me (1 hr drive) after getting her **brand new car** less than a month ago . She had trouble backing up into a vacant spot by the pump . After literally hours of apologizing and offering to pay for the damages, my gf forgave me and to this day insists i don't have to pay .
 The story of a young white woman being forced to walk out of her dorm with her friends . The story goes viral on social media after the incident in New York City, New York, New Jersey . The incident occurred at the same time as another similar incident in the U.S. last week .
 i was only half paying attention to what he was saying and texting him while texting other people that i was more interested in talking to, so i just replied : \"ah, how nice... hope you have an awesome time!\". only now, hours later, i realized what i said .
 A waitress asked if i wanted my change, but i didn't know that meant it was the /only/ tip you were going to give . i planned to give her more of a tip . i immediately feel horrible, realizing she thought that was going to be her only tip from me . i gave her a $20 tip .
 It started about a day ago when i got a virus that was going through my family, my mother and brother were at home in bed with it for a few days . Once i had it, i was asleep for probably 2/3 of the day, when my girlfriend and friend asked me to go to a dessert restaurant with them . turns out they ordered me a cup of melted choclate and a coffee . after around 1.30am i crashed, thinking ill have a nice sleep in the following morning . i woke up at 3.30 in the morning to what felt like my stomach twisting itself in a knot .
 A few months ago, went on a trip to vegas i kept secret from my parents, had an incredible time, but was bombarded by guys shoving cards with nude photos of girls in your hands . Fast forward, my great grandmother past away after 93 years this week and i flew out to attend her funeral and took my dress pants .
 i drew \u00a310 out of the atm this evening to pay for my half of the pizza . when i got back it was gone and i had to draw another \u00a310 . i then proceeded to take my card and leave the \u00a310 and leave it . When i went back it had been gone and had to have to draw a further \u00a310 to pay .
 i got a late invite to big day out and there was no way i was going to miss red hot chilli peppers, i texted my boss i hurt my back and couldn't come in . purposely didn't make any facebook status or subject but only realised today that i was tagged on a status from a friend when i should've checked this so i could've untagged myself . now i'm out looking for my work .
 The surprise was i was going to be taking my girlfriend of almost a year to the beach for a picnic . The idea sparked when she was going through some serious depression and when the idea sparked i casually mentioned that if i could get it all together, i'd do something nice for her . It made her happy and that's all that mattered . The whole premise of how it started baffles me still .
 After a few smooches she pulls back and says, \"you know, this would be a lot more attractive if you didn't have a booger in your nose\" She has some of my snot on the tip of her nose, and i make the big mistake of pointing it out .
 The video was shot by a church videographer for a photo of a candle on a black backdrop . He tried to light the candle but it didn't light up . A coworker came into the room and started laughing when he realized it was a fake candle . Now it is the church staff joke being passed around the office .
 The boyfriend and i went to visit his grandparents because we are nice people. This is my first time meeting them and i was kinda nervous but they were pretty nice and i survived . Grandma wanted a handshake before i left so naturally i obliged . Then i remember like 20 minutes before bf and i pulled over to take take of some business.pants business.
 The author of this week's episode was inspired by a craving for spicy chicken wings . She had a stabbing pain in her upper belly, right between the lower w of her ribs . Her husband suggested she should go to the hospital, but he couldn't find a valid number for a hospital .
 Last night i had a pretty busy anus. I farted quite a bit and quite hard. dismissed it as just an itch in my ass . woke up this morning and the 'itch' was still there. wrapped my finger around some toilet paper and i felt the dreaded bump . i now have a hemorrhoid.
 i took a client to a lake to discuss all sorts of business for winktiddlersltd. we ended up basically having a picnic and not short thereafter he gets a phone call . so i, having my sketchbook, decide to the a sketch of the fauna i see . my client ended up seeing me and with my sketch book and came over . he told me that he isn't sure if buying x item wouldn't be a good idea for him but that he'd keep it in mind .
 A few years ago, a woman fighting for gay rights on the street coerced me into registering myself and to make a donation . Since i live in brazil, i just gave my grandparent's address which was probably not the best idea since they are kinda homophobic . Fast forward a year or so, and i am visiting my grandparents again, and the phone rings for me, which is odd since i don't live there . i immediately felt like a complete asshole for doing so and could never call the number back .
 koss sx-30 speakers arrived from woot.com a few days ago . When they arrived, no sound came out at all . Problem was solved with a 6v/1a adapter, but no amperage level for the adapter . Koss hasn't sold speakers for 15 years, but they can check history and manuals .
 i am very allergic to cats and will break out in hives from skin contact . i asked them to flip the blanket over to avoid getting cat hair all over me, but lo and behold that shit was everywhere . i look down to see this red inflamed skin around my lady bits and the most indescribably horrible itching in my vagina .
 i was getting a water bottle this morning and i had some crystal light . It is the strongest thing you will ever inhale and has an absolutely brutal taste . The combined flavour of the powder and gelatin-like substance made me puke because it was so strong . i tried getting to the bathroom before i vomit more but alas, i slipped in my puke and landed in it... right into my own puke .
 i was going to give her a hug and tell her she's perfect, when i drove my elbow onto her nose really, really hard . nosebleeding all over the place! \u00a0now her nose is sore, red and stuffy. Now she's a great friend, huh?
 School has programs that allow them to see your screen and record you history so i found out that if i created a bat file that keeps ending the process so they could not see the screen . i also provided some students a proxy to get on sites that are blocked at school along with some games .
 i had what felt like food poisoning, and it was rather nasty . Once i got home from work i abandoned all my plans, wound up in the bathroom exploding from both ends . saturday i felt like death warmed over. sunday was better. monday it went downhill again, and t Tuesday i wound up having to call off work because of how horrible i felt .
 The author broke her own collar bone in her first bout of roller derby . She hit her so hard that she broke her collar bone . The author drank jack3d, a sports drink from gnc.com, to make it feel like she was superman . She broke the collar bone of a jammer .
 The 15-year-old is 15 years old, not a swagfag and not a yoloer and (i hope) not immature/obnoxious . He is a friend he met when he was new to the school at the beginning of the year . He seemed like a relatively good friend except for one infuriating detail: he lies/d. a lot .
 i went to the chiropractor and after they are done popping your joints they hook up to these two electrode things on your lower back that shock you . The idea is to kind of half ass short circuit your nerve endings and also loosen and strengthen up the muscles . The problem is though no matter how high you start it out at it, it doesn't feel like much 30 seconds later .
 A group of elderly women walk on a bike path that's only 4x1 . An elderly man walks in a 3x1 path, ignoring warnings that it's okay to walk on the path . i quickly try to swerve around a guy who's coming at me in full force, and while doing so, manage to sideswipe into the ditch, and wipe out on the gravel . i'm covered in blood and sore as almighty hell, as ammonium nitrate solidifies into a white powder .
 Gilby bit me on the arm (lovely jaw-shaped punctures and bruises there), the hands several times, and my elbow . i got the worst of the injuries. i found it amusing that when other volunteers asked whose blood was on my arms and hands they were aghast that all of it was mine .
 Last night i was up until the wee hours of the am battling the ss diarrhea in my stomach . torpedo after torpedo of wet, juicy chinese take-out was erupting from the abyss within like mt. vesuvius on poor, poor pompeii . i debated on staying home from school today, but realized the end of the first quarter was upon me .
 Gas light came on today while driving to my second job but i thought \"i have enough to make it there and back, i'll fill up when i get home\" turns out to be an idiot and an idiot . i only had enough to get a quarter of the way home before running out of gas on the side of a mountain .
 A friend of mine was upset when she saw a video of a school shooting her senior year . The video was meant to prove a point in a wacky and funny way . She was in tears when she realized the video was in bad taste . She is now asking for her forgiveness .
 Last week was my sister's birthday and like any good brother i didn't bother getting her anything until the last minute . Knowing i had to put something in the post i used my phone to take a photo of her address which hangs on a notice board in my kitchen so i could go into town, buy a card and post it there and then . But the number 17 that appears in the photo is actually a 12. There is no number 17 on her street .
 Yesterday we had a blood drive at school and i had never donated before and i wanted to do my part . this being my first time i did what everybody told me to do, eat a good breakfast, drink lots of water before hand . The next thing i know the room is spinning and i make way back to the lounging chair thing i was in . i then proceeded to throw up for the next 10 minutes and feel like death for an hour .
 It was about 11pm when i got into bed when i started to notice a couple of little black bugs lattracted to the light of my ipad more than normal . After 10 or so tried i eventually got mr. moth out of the room but he flew into the closet in amongst all of my clothes . Hundreds of bugs were having a party around my light .
 i went out with some friends after work for a happy hour of sorts at the local bar . since i'd only eaten once today so far, i was rather hungry and ordered a buffalo chicken flatbread, sweet potato fries with a maple bacon bbq sauce, pretzels with beer cheese and several brews to wash it all down . on top of all that, i came home and had several brownies left out on the counter .
 21-year-old refueling aircraft at a small/mid sized airport in a small-sized airport . \"i may have lasted less than a month at something i thought i would do well at. cheer me up reddit :(\" \"i had just gotten the hang of doing all the paperwork and driving the big fuel trucks when my 'incident' happened .
 An annoyance-a-tron device was found at a Canadian bank branch last week . The device is a small device that makes maddeningly short, faint noises at random intervals and can run for 3 months on a watch battery . When it was found it on th Thursday nobody knew what it was, so it was brought to the branch manager .
 \"little tifuthwaway\" wasn't very happy with me and was asking for some attention . While my girlfriend and her friend went to make dinner, i decided to go into her friend's bathroom and try to do a little business . However, i didn't expect my girlfriend to come walking in to tell me that dinner was ready .
 Last year last year i went to summer school, and make up the credits that i had to. and this year i passed all my classes so here i am thinking i'm golden, on track to celebrate with all my friends. so anyways i go down to the counselors office and he pulls up my transcript and says you are missing some credits . long story short it turns out last year we didn't go over the other credits i have to make up before i can graduate .
 A few days ago, i was with a group of friends, including the guy i am in love with and who has feelings for me, and everyone was getting tipsy . i decided to up the ante on everyone and drink as much vodka as i could, temporarily forgetting that vodka kind of makes me insane . i drank more than half the bottle in a couple hours and got the kind of rowdy no one really wants to witness .
 i'd never attempted this before, but proceeded (with great care) with the only razor in the house at the time - dad's face one - but he was never going to find out . Everything went smoothly, and i then went off to school . Later got a call from my mum, yelling down the phone 'what did you shave this morning, the drains are completely blocked!'
 Stress + sexual frustration = having a bad time . Working with a really hot girl and i'm probably ovulating because i'm horny as fuck . Pulled a muscle in my leg immediately upon finishing . Still have 6 more hours left and i'll be closing (alone) with the hot girl who unknowingly had a part in this whole fiasco .
 7-month-old daughter loves her bouncer and i can get other shit done around the house . Most of the poop missed it on her onesie, on the bouncer's seat and on the side of her leg . The carpet took a ton of scrubbing, but carpet cleaner for pet poop works just as good for baby poop .
 The dream was crazy detailed and seemed more real than anything i've ever experienced . The dreams are as vivid and as vivid as real life, but i still remember every second of the events of the dream, part of which i was getting shot at for being a terrorist in the middle east .
 A year ago, i crashed my mum's car on a country road in England . I was going 35mph when a car came around the corner at some speed . I panicked as i thought neither car could fit on the road if we were to pass, so i slammed on the brakes . The other car passed me, however on my side of the road, there was a deposit of mud along by the bank, where tractors had come out of a turning into a farm . Luckily i didn't hit the other car, but it was \u00a3500 worth of damage .
 A young female friend and i (m18) were riding home on a bus together after a tennis match (we both play) and we were sitting next to each other . She was playfully poking her finger around my face and i was acting like i was going to bite it to make her stop! The first two times she moved her hand back quickly and i expected the same on the third, but instead she didn't move her finger, and i actually closed my mouth around it .
 A few drinks end up being many drinks, which leads us to our first liquor store, where we proceed to get some cigarettes and tallcans... and a flask of fireball (if you don't know what it is, picture liquid big red gum, with a rather potent alcohol content) We then end up at another liquor store... and end up in an alleyway where all booze is quickly finished . At this point, i begin to think i am the fireball king... sadly, i am not .
 Yesterday, i was feeling really bloated and backed up, and being the hypochondriac that i am, i went and popped laxatives without even thinking twice about my actions . On the way to a friend's house to hit the gym and then have a sleep over, i start feeling the tell-tale laxative cramps, you know, the ones that come a few hours before your shit . In the middle of the night, i wake up and run, butt cheeks clenched, to the bathroom, very nearly shitting my pants . i panic, and try to flush as quietly as possible as to avoid waking up anyone else .
 The pointy ends of a trimmer attachment can quickly puncture a nut sack, for it pierced 2 holes in the bottom of my sack, which started dripping blood profusely pretty much immediately . i quickly grabbed some toilet paper and tried to stop the bleeding, but that ended up soaked in blood rather quickly .
 After a night out with the gf, i tried to hit her in the tits, neck, or face with my cum, but for all the wrong reasons . The next morning when i get up to pee, i experience the worst pain in my life . i couldn't stand up after my pee, and when i looked at my leadbelly, it looked like blind willie mctell . The pain subsided with each piss, but my piss is bright orange and syrupy looking when it hits the water .
 After a workout i really needed to take a shower, i thought i was done and ready to leave, but i left a spot behind my ear still foamy . The pain was immediate and sharp; the right side of my bollocks turns into a deep red, almost filling the air with the smell of hard boiled eggs .
 Last night i was leaving the bar after a goodbye party for an old roommate of mine . As i'm leaving i see a girl walking up to me and she seems excited to see me and shouts my name . i respond with \"hey, i know you\" and she thinks i'm joking about not knowing her name and laughs it off . But then she realized i wasn't joking and got rightfully upset .
 i am refinishing a bench i got from my neighbor's trash (don't judge me) i put stain/poly on the boards for it and then went to wash the brush bare-handed . i thought washing the brush was a good idea, and proceeded to fan out the brush with my hands under the water .
 i'm a 16-year-old girl with no car and a crazy libido . i had never gotten the chance to get my hands on any sex toy of any kind . i'm practically drawing up blueprints for this shit. i'll get my mother to drive to walmart and go sneakily buy a cooch buzzer and hide it .
 An old lady who i presume is about 90 walked on to the bus, and i stood up to let her sit, but i forgot my umbrella was on the ground . i tripped up and completely fell on the old lady making her down, me on top her on the bottom . A giant un-ladylike fart (or at least i hope it was a fart) plopped straight out of her . A little girl who couldn't have been older than 10 asked her mum loudly \"was that rape?\"
 The vp corporate relations and sponsorships is responsible for organising an international case competition at my university . He accidentally swiped his fingers upwards and so there was my background photo and all the desktops around it . He then jokingly said \"what about those girls on your desktop? are you trying to get them on board too?\".
 One of my friends was in town and was crashing at my place . He and his roommate decided to take the dog out for a late-night walk . The dog was found at 1:30 after a police officer found her walking down the onramp to the Lincoln tunnel .
 This week i have been helping some good friends of my family move out of their house . So the husband (lets call him bob) my two friends and i are helping him pack his garage when he offers for us to smoke some weed with him . So he pulls out a funky looking pipe and i jokingly say, that looks like a crack pipe! and we all laugh as he says that he just got some wax . well i have never smoked wax, so he teaches me the way he does it, and i light my hit . i instantly say \"wow, that doesn't taste anything like weed i've smoked\" and then i get a very funny taste in my mouth .
 i am a straight male. i enjoy anal play. i have a plastic bag with two (rather large) toys and two containers of lube. i put this under my mattress and today my grandpa and i were putting carpet in my room. we move the bed and i realize my mistake right as we're removing the top mattress. my grandfather is on the other side of the bed where the plastic bag was. i turn my head the other way and continue moving the mattress to avoid the shame. i see him look through the bag suspiciously. he quickly realizes what it is and puts the bag to the side, making no comment to the contents .
 The model was shooting at an abandoned colonial tribute compound with gardens and forests everywhere so when i felt the urge to take a shit i figured 'hey, there's forested ground everwhere so i'll take a stroll and do my business' i found some leaves and that was that . Now i'm sitting in the car waiting for the shoot to be done before i can take a long shower of shame .
 The girl i like (who looks like a victoria's secret model so that's what i'm going to call her) was managing at work, and our shifts ended at the same time . She had been talking about wanting to see despicable me, and there was a movie theater about 5 minutes away with a showing right after our shifts . After the movie, she said she had a lot of fun hanging out with me, but would like to do it again sometime .
 i know the \"rice\" method works for phones with water, but what to do with it's lube?!?!. As of right now, my phone thankfully still works, the only thing gone wrong is that the speakers's sound are lowering tremendously, which isn't much of a problem considering i always use earplugs .
 i left a can of the good stuff in my coldest box and now my tongue's just drooping out of my mouth like a sick animal . i ended up making the worst sandwich money can buy. words of warning: don't freeze mustord. forget us.
 Ants have been coming in and out of the kitchen for years and won't go away . So i decided to use hand sanitizer to get rid of the problem . Then on one squirt a big freaking drop of sanitizers ricocheted off the underside of the counter right into my freaking eye .
 Drunkenly failed to pick up a girl and landed on her . She laughed and asked \"what the fuck man!\" and i replied \"you're too heavy!\" She was pissed at me the rest of the night and anytime i'd try to re-engage her in conversation or dancing she kept making fat jokes .
 i work for a small, private liberal arts college in albany, ny. today, the weather was looking iffy, so i decided to bring my umbrella with me when i went to lunch . The college went into shelter-in-place after someone reported my umbrella to the police . After a sweep of the building, the police lifted shelter in place and let me go on my way .
 i went to work - boss wasnt there . He's a really nice guy, but he's often late, not paying me by the hour . Because it's just me and him, i can't get into the office to do any work if he's not there . i text him about whether he's coming in - no answer . After 30 minutes of waiting, i text my brother \"i don't even care if this asshole shows up at this point, im gonna leave on principle alone\"
 i feel something is on my pinky toe, at which point i freak out a bit... and i'd just eaten italian food so i figured some little piece of meat sauce like flew off my plate when i was scraping the little bits of sauce into the trash can . i get to the bathroom, get the stain in some light, and i think to myself *no, that can't be...* ***but what if it is?!*** so i get the little thing on a sheet of toilet paper and give the little brownie a smell . yep, i just pooped a bit on \u00a0my pinky\u00a0toe .
 This is the final epic in the trilogy of poor stanislav, the godfather of my boyfriend josh and unfortunate victim of my idiocy . The final epic of the trilogy, this is the last of the series of tifu posts . This article is a collection of photos from a trip to Moscow, Russia .
 After stretching my legs i arch my back high off the chair and immediately began to yawn, without thinking i take my hands off the laptop and put them over my head to complete the stretch . The laptop slid off of my stomach like a computer water slide into my exposed teeth and chipped about half of my right front front tooth and 1/3 of the left one .
 i'm lactose intolerant but indulged in ice cream anyway, resulting in stomach cramps . Instead of sitting on the toilet, i fell into a day's worth of shit and piss . i showered and scrubbed until the water ran cold, but i will never be clean again .
 tifu is one of my favorite subs and today i finally have something terrible and stupid to contribute to the wonder of this subreddit . i don't know what my brain did or why, but i continued thinking that the 27th was on friday . i called, left a message but haven't heard anything back.  i kind of don't expect to hear anything positive but i do want to apologize .
 An hour into my shift i was walking down an aisle and without any sort of warning my body decided that it couldn't hold back the tides any more . i awkwardly shuffled/ran to the bathroom, and spent the next half hour mopping myself up and trying to save the thoroughly shit-stained dockers .
 The 13-year-old is already in a relationship with a girl, but yesterday went horribly wrong . She asked him to help her find an item she had stolen from her class . She wanted to kiss him, and he almost did it, but she was shielding the door to the shed .
 This week i am on night shift working 2300-0700 . Normally i catch the train to and from work as this allows me to get an extra two hours sleep each day which is rather helpful . But yesterday before work i had an errand to run and due to not timing things perfect i ended up missing the train and having to drive up and back (what does this have to do with my colon?)
 i'm a 20-year-old male writer at a start-up i shan't name for privacy . i'm still praying nobody finds the briefs i tossed out the toilet window this morning or smells the piss in my pants . i couldn't just leave the washroom holding my wet underwear in hand in full view of my colleagues and boss .
 A golf ball sized wiffle ball, white and hollow, was stuck in my vagina while masturbating . The ball stuck in the vagina of a teenage girl . The culprit and hook was a pair of rusty pliers that i had been using yesterday to remove staples from my wall .
 Me and my family is on a winter vacation and we live for the moment in a small hotel room . i started browsing reddit while my sister checked her phone . i thought i heard my parents footsteps in the corridoor . If my parents found out that i was fapping i would probably kill myself, so i paniced and while i sprung from the toilet seat my arm decided to play a prank on me and pushed the computer off the basin and down on the floor . i damned myself and my horny dick for being such idiots .
 i went into amok (i have slight psychical problems) and pounded him into wall . After we were grabbed away by others, there was blood everywhere, and worst of all, that was all my blood. i looked worse than zombie fighter after battling with not less than a hundred undeads. i've lost. i think i need to move to the other school.edit: my nasal septum is deformed now.
 A freshman college freshman in college invites a hot chick from class to a frat party . She says she wants to do a bit of stand up doggy style, where she says, \"fucking me in the ass\" Her hand is stuck on her ass, my dick is also stuck in her ass . After a few thrusts i feel it getting warm, but kept going, then all of a sudden i can't move, she's in agony, i'm in agony . Someone put some glue in the vaseline . She had to get an operation to close the wounds and clean up the excess glue .
 The box was a panic button of sorts, and a swat team was on it's way . The swat team had a burly swat guy with a massive gun patrolling our store right before the dinner rush started . The panic button was a button on the box, and i happened to push it in .
 i'm sorry for not getting this out sooner (if anyone did actually want to know the outcome of my fuck up) but it turns out that i'm only getting a write up since it was a mistake . loss prevention team came in checked the cameras to see if it was on purpose or not .
 i don't think anyone in the group is a very good video editor, so they were counting on me. i was in bed early due to being sick, so i wasn't on the computer to see his messages. Now he is pissed off at me because i didn't edit it, and the rest of my group won't talk to me.
 i was sent to train some people on a new company program at a store i used to work at . it has been about five years since i worked at that location and its about an hour away so i never see any of the people i once worked at . so waiting on my first group to come in i was just chatting with a few people when this girl walked up and said \"ohh hey looks like you're getting ready to pop another one out huh?\"
 The letter stated that i had to confirm my acceptance with them in order to recieve further info by calling the number listed, before 2am of today....the 19th, about 18 or so hours ago . The fraternity left to a group vacation this holiday weekend and 2am was the time they left to drive down to their lodge or cabin or whatever the hell they are staying .
 The author's toilet was clogged after visiting his inlaws . He says it's not the first time he has tried to unclog a toilet . The author says he's learned how to use the toilet to flush the toilet . He recommends using a wire hanger as a tool to get the water out of the bowl .
 The scallywag grabs one and brings it to his face for inspection . He shrugs and hammers down half of the dog treat . Without missing a beat my coworker says \"well would you like a few for yourself?\" the man eyes light up and says \"oh hell yeah!\"
 This did not actually happen today, it happened in the fall, but it warrants retelling . i was about to be a freshman at a large public university and had made friends with a girl off of the facebook group of said university . we chatted over the summer every day, and i developed a crush on her . fast-forward to the first day of the school year, i was feeling quite sick to my stomach .
 In a walgreens store, i accidentally let out a stream of urine . Luckily, i saved my undies with the quick clenching . But the sushi was worth it, and it smelled like asparagus, the author says . The author's story is published in the U.S. edition of this week's iReporter's weekly Newsquiz .
 The post office decided to forward my mail to me yesterday because they didn't forward it to me . I live in one of the most economically hard hit areas of the country . I was accepted as a full time employee at the state job, but i had to reply by december 20th .
 i put the weed in the wrong car. i drove back to the store to see if i could fix my mistake and, to my horror, i saw that the car was already gone. needless to say he thought it was absolutely hilarious...i did not. i got his keys again and put a gram in his real car this time .
 One of the cats decides to push her way in and see whats up which at first i don't think much of . until she comes up to me looking like she is about to rub up against my leg...but no she decides to pee on me . i was a little stunned to say the least. her litter box is clean and she is healthy .
 Last night, my mother had a stroke that left her unable to walk . She and her partner decided to have sex with her in the middle of the night . They were unable to find a way to get past security to have it happen . They had to use a bed post to get it right away . The next night, they had sex with their mother, who is now paralyzed .
 Last night, i went to a mardi gras ball and ate a little too much junk . this morning, i wasn't feeling well and vomited around 6:30. my parents were leaving for work and i tried to go back to sleep when they left . about a half hour later, i felt like i had to vomit again . i began to chuck, and some diarrhea began to come out the other end with each heave . i went outside to take my shorts off and hose my lady bits off .
 On Friday my aunt got married and asked me to do photography because it is a hobby of mine and many of my relatives suggested me because they really liked my stuff . i spent at least an entire day editing photos, video, and audio, and made my first mistake by not keeping copies of anything after transferring .
 A 17-year-old girl asked her friend to give her a present for Valentine's Day . She was having a bad day and wanted to give it to her friend . She didn't have a facebook or e mail she frequents, only a twitter account . So i decided to go to her house and drop off her gift, a baby bunny that i cleaned, bought a cage for, slapped a bow on that ball of 'dorable'
 Older brother was eating lasagne opposite me and blowing on a bit of it on his fork . \"it's not that hot!\" i complained to him, resulting with him looking up and saying, \"you try eat a piece from the middle\" i ignored the burning sensation and stopped myself from making any face to show how it didn't burn .
 There are only 5 of us working these shifts because they are slow; 2 in back(usually guys) and 2 servers ad a host(or hostess) up front . As the last server leaves out the back door, the 3 of us talk a little and someone brings up how the way the boss asked if she could pick up an extra shift next week could be misinterpreted to ask if she was a stripper . After making this remark and immediately regretting it, she gives me the most \"you are weird as fuck\" look, i awkwardly fast walk around the corner, she leaves, and the other guy proceeds to give me crap for it the rest of the day .
 Found a water bottle on bench in kitchen, about a 1/3 of clear liquid left in it, obviously water so i top that bad boy up with cordial and head to uni. start drinking in lecture to drop a couple of painkillers for my back . notice a distinctly coconut flavour that my cordial usually doesn't have... fast forward post lecture; off chops . clearly someone left coconut rum in the bottle (housemate)
 Have you ever woken up confused? i don't mean 'i got blackout drunk-what happened last night?' i mean when you wake up, but you think you're still dreaming and you don't realize you're awake? Well, last night i guess i was having a nightmare about being attacked by a small animal (about the size of a squirrell) when i was woken by thunder and lightning (but i didn't realize it at the time).
 He was overtaking me in a long line of cars when he pulled over to overtake me . He was going to do it but decided to let him go and get behind the car . Luckily, he was able to get out of the car without being overtaken by the other driver .
 When i was 12, my dad got an atv. he would always take us on rides with him . Eventually i asked if i could drive with him. Eventually i was a terrible driver as i was so used to driving a dirt bike . Two years later, i am driving it by myself. i top at about 40 mph. i do drift, but i would never think about doing that with my dad .
 This is a psa, for all of you who think dancing with no dick restriction is a good idea . i helicoptered like i have never helicoptered before and as my girlfriend giggled i began to lose the erection, but i guess because if the motion, it stayed heavy and long enough to have some serious momentum . i collapsed on the ground naked and held my funny bits cringing on the floor as my lady had the longest laugh of her life .
 i'm obliterated, slurring my words and stumbling around, having a great time . The next thing i remember is a wetness on the back of my jeans and the smell of vomit wafting up to my nostrils . i felt really bad about just leaving after i threw up everywhere, so i went back and helped clean it up .
 i always carry my gun with me in my car and then bring it inside when i get home from work or wherever . this morning i was in a rush and was operating on 4 hours sleep so i had my hands full and just threw my gun on the passenger seat when i got in, next to my computer back pack . i drive 30 min to work and forget it's there and don't put it in the usual spot in the car . i take the bag into work and it just sits there all day long (12 hour shift) and i go in and out of my bag for my laptop all day .
 The centipede ran over my foot, which made me try to jump out of the way and get it off . The little bastard then scurried up the shower curtain and somewhere into my apartment, where he now lives in victory knowing that he kicked a human's ass .
 i've never had a one night stand before, and i'm not the type to do so, and after this never again never again . i recently got out of a long relationship and have been avoiding going out and getting drunk . My course mate convinced me to go to his house party, coincidentally my best friend asks if i'm up to much that night, so i invite him along, he's a friend from home so i told him he could crash at mine on my sofa .
 i got a rejection letter while at work from from an outstanding graduate school in my hometown that i would have loved to go to . i told one of my apparently loudmouth and untrustworthy coworkers what had happened, in confidence . turns out that my boss has major hookups at that school, and he was going to speak to the dean about rescinding the letter .
 It seems the tiny hose that controls the water flow for my tank had broken loose . Fortunately for my story, without a lid constraining the water, it was free to live out it's dreams . Unfortunately for me, that dream was to spray me in the face with the force and accuracy unrivaled by anything outside of back alley films from thailand .
 This happened about a month ago, but it took me some time to get over the shame . i went back to sleep and didn't think much of it until 4 days later, when i shit myself in my sleep, again . The moral of the story: don't go to sleep when you have the urge to shit .
 i've had an ipod for about 3 or 4 years now, and it's gotten pretty beat up . Yesterday i dropped my ipod and the screen shattered, so i decided to take off the screen for whatever stupid reason i had in mind . Later on i let my 17 month old brother play with my psvita, which lead to him somehow factory resetting that .
 i work in china as a college esl (english as second language) teacher . I downloaded a popular media player used by a chinese tv/movie site . Pop up of an chinese girl in lace lingerie appeared, face down ass up . without missing a beat i x'd out of the pop up, look at the class, and simply say \"Shit\"
 i never thought that i'd be posting here with an unfortunate poop-related incident, but, alas, here i am . i was about a quarter of the way through the test when i felt the beginnings of a violent shit coming on . It exploded out of my rectum in a blaze of tear inducing, stinky glory, and i sighed in relief .
 On friday i ordered a medium pizza(8 slices) and some breadsticks(was unaware that they give you at least 10 of them in a pizza box) from papa johns . i ate 3 slices and 3 breadsticks and put the rest in the fidge . My coworker shows up to take over for the night shift and i said to him \"i ordered pizza and breadsticks for lunch\" He ate the remaining 5 slices of pizza and 3 of the breadsticks .
 One minute of the finished film was zoomed in of the ten (hundreds of clips i sorted last night were perfectly fine, just two of them were not). One of the clips showed a friend's ample and shapely breasts . i had to beg the professor to not give my team a failing grade, and accepted one instead .
 The same guy, whom i shall refer to as \"the brony\", is often sitting at my computer right before the class . He looks to be in his late twenties or so, about a decade older than most of the other people i see around . After he gets up, the chair still smells (like shit) and i'm not sure if it's because he's a bigger dude or because he doesn't clean himself properly .
 One night i was working with the owners son and we decided to go for a jog in the park the next morning . Half way through the lap i was in desperate need of a bathroom . Luckily he didn't notice and jokingly said \"you may wanna wipe your butt when you get home\"
 An actor's nose was blown into the face of an actor by a painting on a chalk-covered door . The incident happened 1 year ago but i saw the same thing again which reminded me of the incident . As a token of our sadness, we got a post it note that simply read:\"sorry about the nose\", and pasted it over the gaping face hole .
 After about a week i called my gf over to stay at my house while my parents were gone for the time on some cruise . She said she had a fantasy of being woken up to a guy having sex with her . i was a virgin at the time so i spent time thinking about how i was going to approach the situation . i felt my way onto her to the point where i was fingering her and thinking i must have been a natural i stuck my penis into her .
 i put my earphones in to listen to a podcast the other day as i journeyed to work, and for some reason, the sound wouldn't come out of the right earphone . This was my first mistake. I went on amazon and ordered some new ones. They turned up today. guess what? Same fucking problem.
 Friends and i rented a cabin earlier this summer with a 3rd floor balcony . decide to try to piss off of the balcony into the fire pit below . Friend lets his dog out (unbeknownst to me) to use the bathroom . i underestimated my distance and pissed on the dog instead . Friend bought the dog inside and went to bed with him, covered in my piss .
 Last night, i was on the bus coming home from visiting a friend in a nearby town, and i started dreaming about her . In the dream, i slowly slide my hand up her naked thigh, the second i reach her privates, all the muscles in my body release in a wonderful spasm of ecstasy . of course, with a sinking stomach, i realize instantly what is happening; my dick is happily pumping cum into my underwear .
 The worst part happened yesterday, but i forgot to switch her dropbox account to mine . Her photos have been backing up on my dropbox without me knowing (i'm not very observant) at the same time, my photos have also been backed up to dropbox including some inappropriate photos that i had taken awhile ago .
 i was wondering, \"man, i bet i could shove something up my ass,\" so i started looking around for something to use as a makeshift dildo ('dem hormones') all i found was a razor, but it had a handle so, hey, it worked! after successfully applying ~~lube~~ shampoo, i grabbed it, and, quite frankly, wanted to see how far it could go . somewhere in this mess, my hand got sliced by the razor . i remember it didn't hurt that much because when i looked at it, it wasn't bleeding .
 A recipe for ice mocha calls for liquid coffee, but i don't know how to make it . So i decide it'll work with [this], but i'm not sure if that can grind ice . The recipe is so messy that it's messy and messy . It turns out to be a sweet, sugary treat .
 The Reddit user posted a picture of a drunken frat party at a frat house several months ago . He says he punched a guy who knocked out a girl who was knocked out and with her nose bleeding . The guy on top of the girl was her boyfriend making sure she was okay .
 After i was finished i asked for a towel,cleaned myself, put the towel back . i get a text from my girlfriend at around 11 am saying she couldnt stop laughing . Her dad went into her room to get a towel because he was taking a shower, and she told me. My cum towel,all over him. yep. i asked why .
 i usually know what the subject of a call is, even if they don't text me right after, so i hadn't checked for a week . i get a call at 2 am from an 808 area code, which i don't recognize so i let it go to voicemail . There were 3 messages: 1 from my grandma who lives in hawaii (area code 808) 1 from an hr person at my city hall where i had applied for a job which was in my field .
 It has been really hot here and when it get's hot my stomach acts up and gives me the johnny jogger's . My husband says he just sat down to do his nightly ritual and that it may be awhile as the heat was affecting him too . As soon as my pants came down the lava erupted from my anus with the loudest most obnoxious sounds following with it .
 i just popped two stitches, on my penis, opening a very fresh crater about the size of a hole punch in a piece of paper on his penis because i couldn't get my mind off sex . i popped a small erection. I just pop two stitches. I opened a hole in a hole punched in a paper . The picture would have probably been rated at a \"why did you even submit this picture\" level .
 i work on the 23rd floor of an office building as an intern for the summer . The door to get out of the stairwell onto this floor is locked . i try every door down to 19 (i'm on 23, mind you). exasperated, i quickly waddle/shuffle up the stairs back to my floor .
 i just got off work and i was leaving the shop to walk to the bus station . as soon as i start i see the bus coming up the hill i started running/skipping/walking to try not to inconvenience the bus . i made it to the rear of the bus the bitch pulls off . and just when i thought it couldn't get any worse i turn around and see a google maps car . i'm fairly sure i saw the driver laughing hysterically.
 i was talking to an internet friend and said something extremely negative that really freaked him out (although i didn't know then that it did) and then immediately went and took a shower . i came back 30 minutes later to about 20 messages from him and a friend i know in real life asking if i was okay, telling me not to do it . turns out my internet friend took it that i'm about to kill myself, and sent my irl friend a few frantic messages describing the situation .  cue cue lots of hugs, lots of apologies and a realization that i am loved .
 i refill my lighter every few days with zippo brand fluid, and had finished the container 4 days before . i believed that i would be fine for another day or so . When i went to meet my girlfriend for lunch, i had a steak & cheese on wheat bread, which although was placed in the toaster, was still quite \"bready\"
 An old jar of peanut butter was found in the back of the fridge at the end of the day . It tasted like it was being used as a treat for a sore sore throat . The jar was so disgusting that i decided to use it to make it easier to swallow .
 i outgrew my \"that guy\" stage years ago years ago, and now i get to silently cringe in class when someone else is being that guy . i am typically fairly competent when it comes to social interaction . The first day of school last year i hadn't slept at all, tripped multiple times in front of cute girls, kept saying stupid things in class because i was sleep deprived and over caffeinated .
 The fart comes on and i roll the windows down in preparation for my interview . i feel the molten lava seep between my lower cheeks . i stop by a grocery store that was on the way and sprint into the restroom . My scumbag rectum had soaked my boxers but left no trace on my pants . i think i got the job.
,
, [{"summary_text": " This article is a weekly feature on CNN iReporter's weekly, offbeat and offbeat look at the top 10 most interesting stories . Share your story with us on iReport.com . Please submit your story to the weekly Newsquiz by email jennifer.com/dailymailonline .
 i take chinese class online in school, so we don't have a teacher in the room, just someone supervising us . Since i'm ahead in the class, i often go on reddit, usually askreddit or this one since imgur is blocked at my school . As usual i was on tifu, reading \"tifu by not letting the dog out\" as i was reading, my teacher said \"that is a very inappropriate site you are on, leave it now\"
 i had just finished my lunch break and had a large root beer with it . i strain and let out a sound of effort to reach the customer's hand, and immediately following that sound was an unexpected, wet belch . she is clearly repulsed as i stammer out multiple apologies . i go back in the window and wait awkwardly for her food to be ready, avoiding eye contact with her and listening to my coworkers killing themselves with laughter .
 Last night i was out with friends, and we all had off the next day(today) so we decided to drive to m's house and get plastered then have the dd take us to get chinese food . My manager asked me to sub for one of my coworkers on... you guessed it,today!! and drunk me thought \"hey i need the money, go for it\" But when i woke up this morning it took every ounce of determination in my body not to puke .
 While my brother is in town from graduate school, his dog (modello) has been staying at my house until he finally moves for his new job . i already have a dog of my own (samuel), but modello and samuel get along great . Samuel has a booming bark, but other than that, he's super nice . Modello is the same way for the most part, but he has a problem of getting into the garbage when people are gone .
 A friend dared me to try and eat one of these things in one bite . The meat-chunk filled pinkish mass crowded up my whole mouth, stretching into the rear of my mouth and aggrieving my gag reflex . Luckily i made it to the washroom before my asshole erupted in a shit-rocket of explosive diarrhea .
 The /r/tifu user has been in debt for a long time but started getting his shit together at the beginning of this year . His auto insurance payment was late and he didn't check his account to make sure it was paid . His insurance agent had the wrong email address all along so he couldn't get a hold of him .
 After a night of partying we were all really (very) drunk, and were all making our way towards bed . As drunk as i was i figured it was no big deal and i would just pass out in my bed (only like 5 feet away) i'm climbing into bed and i realize that my roommates little sister (who was partying with us too) is already there . But again due to the fact that i am drunk as shit i think nothing of it and just climb in too. for a few minutes we kinda laugh about the whole situation and then out of nowhere she starts making out with me . All of the sudden we're fucking with her older brother literally 5 feet from her
 i was running to the gym like i usually do, and on the way i had my nike+ app turned on and my headphones in and i was jamming . As life would have it, a group of people were walking around that other path, and as i reached the intersection i see them laughing their asses off . i go for the canadian approach and say, \"sorry it's my jam\"
 This actually happened 2 years ago during summer but i didn't know about reddit yet . i still shudder from having my left thumb near my razor . i regret not taking a picture, it would have be a great post for r/wtf. Also regret not to take a picture .
 After a night out with a girl friend, i threw up and vomited in the bathroom . It was like a fight against a girl who wanted to be friends with me . Now, i'm not sure what happened to the girl who threw up the party . She threw up her own vomit in the toilet .
 Two of my favourite bands, of mice & men and bring me the horizon (if you know who they are, love me or hate me) were coming to play a show and i was pumped as fuck . We got there as the doors were opening because i had to wait for my friends, so i was waiting in a 300m long line and missed the opener crossfaith (crazy japanese dudes) who i also really wanted to see .
 The author was on a double-decker bus tour in Miami when he farted . His parents haven't found out yet, but his parents are happy to find out . He had to wait for an hour and throw away his boxers stained with a gross shade of green .
 An 18-year-old boy who eats dog poo eats taco bell tacos . The culprit is his dog, who sleeps with him on his pillow . The incident occurred while he was sleeping with me on the couch . The dog has moved his poo from his bed to all the surrounding areas .
 i was doing a bit of coding while my girlfriend was playing a game, and i randomly got up to stretch while watching archer.  my girlfriend got up at the same time, and we decided to give each other a hug (aw)  suddenly, archer says to krieger \"aaaaand that erection is really inappropriate\" right as my girlfriend reaches down there. We decide that archer has spoken, and go back to what we were doing .
 An eight-year-old boy crapped his pants at home, in line at the grocery store, at a movie theater, at the park... i'm sure you get the picture . His parents were stuck in traffic for 20 minutes before they made it to the next exit .
 A woman of hispanic descent is corralling her young son of about 5 or 6 out of the gym . She was wearing hot pink yoga pants and a blue leopard top . She looked like a lighter skinned sofia vergara . i've never been eye raped so intensely by a mother while she is shepherding her son .
 i'm using a different account because i forgot the password to my last throw away post . She took two tests and she's not pregnant . The sex we had was protected by the way . Everything's fine now and she is currently out of state . i'm so incredibly thankful that she wasn't pregnant and also thankful for all you guys commenting .
 A cast iron pan was given to R/trees a year ago as a gift to his best friend . He used to use it to make bacon, but it was later washed out of the pan . The pan was left in the oven without a hint of age or use . R/Trees says it's not the best thing to do to make it up .
 i started sleep walking this past summer and i'm not really sure why . i woke up this morning without any blankets on and the sheet torn off my bed . i noticed my left, big toe was in a lot of pain and bruised, and i struggled walking . i get to the mirror in the bathroom and there is blood all over my face and a giant gash in between both of my eyebrows .
 i was in charge of creating their user accounts for our platform and then manually sending the login details to each user .two hours later and away from the office i realise i sent some users the wrong information . hurriedly i tried to fix the problem with only my phone at hand .
 The incident happened about a month ago, but it feels like it happened just yesterday . i was going to the washroom and i somehow managed to slip right at the doorway . i fell so quickly (or at least it seemed very quickly) that i didnt get my hands out in time to catch my fall . soon enough there was blood just *pouring* from my lip . by now i've drunk a ton of blood that it makes me puke- twice, on the floor, not in the toilet .
 This is the story of a man who had a penis stuck in his penis . The doctor had to pull it out with no surgery . It took an hour to get it out of his penis, and he had to wait for his father to wake up and get dressed up . He then had to have surgery .
 A 17-year-old high school student and his girlfriend had sex in a class left unlocked by a janitor . The incident occurred during a parent-meet with the student's parents . The student was threatened with suspension, with expulsion, and even arrest . He says he is now prohibited from having sex with his girlfriend for the rest of the year .
 A girl from the other team ran into me when i was about to kick the ball hard and thrust into my leg . i couldn\u2019t stop myself\u2026 my foot went right in her groin. she dropped, and started to roll in the grass, covering her vag. She started to swear at me\u2026 in japanese. \"kutabare!\" \"kuso kurae!\" she didn't even pronounce it right!
 A glass of wine shattered on the floor of a mini bar after a night out of work . The mini bar has one empty spot and it won't stop mocking me every time i walk in and glance at it. \u00a0now the mini bar is empty, and i can't look at it again .
 The Reddit user is in a relationship with a friend of his girlfriend's best friend . She and her boyfriend of 2 years or so just broke up . She comes over a few days after the break up to take her mind off of it . Eventually, we wind up on the couch together .
 The story is my first post, english is my 2nd language so i might mess up and i made a throwaway for this . i just got my first \"real\" boyfriend a little over a week ago . He invited me to a party at his friends' house because he wanted me to be there . He and his friend were making out in the dark and things got pretty hot and i fell asleep topless topless and woke up some time when the sun was already up to put my bra and shirt back on, only to fall asleep until 11.45 am .
 There were no moorings available, so we had to drop anchor behind all of the moored boats for courtesy . The boat didn't seem to be moving so we assumed everything was fine . But when we got back to the dock, my father was screaming at the kid on the launch boat picking up some people .
 i tore my frenulum while doing the hokey pokey with my girlfriend . i tell her to get off and i'm bleeding a lot. we clean it up and try to figure out what to do because everytime i stand up i feel like i'm going to pass out. i eventually gather the strength to get up and walk home from where we were .
 Every night i take gentle laxatives, but two nights ago i may have forgotten to take it . This morning i awake eat some breakfast and felt \"the beast\" It felt like i was passing out a fist sized clump of pointy stones and dry twigs . After wiping the tissue came away red with blood .
 A bird actually shit on my laptop when i sat on my balcony to watch a bird shingle . I had to run home and take a crap 10-15 minutes later . i was about one km from home and then my stomach told me: \"i needed to run quicker!! but the quicker i ran the closer the turd got\"
 i'm such a fucking alpha-male right? and know it's not some bubbly bath, it's just a bath, get over it. so i get bored and lift my knee out of the gray, murky, testicle juice and think to my self. \"hey...i wonder if body wash has any kind of disinfecting powers?\" i know, fokin genius right here. So i grab that cvs brand red stuff mango something or other, and it has those tiny  grainy ass-beads in it that are supposed to help clean you somehow? so i flip it up, pop the cap, and sploosh it right ontop of the clean fresh
 i was sitting with my friend and looking out into the river, on the back of the boat, my glasses decide to slide off my face . this was only at the start of the ride and i couldn't see at all for the rest of the time . remember this is only day one out of two. i missed on seeing about half of the stuff, including arlington, the lincoln, korean, and vietnam .
 i usually use pantene conditioner as lubricant at my house and it does the job well, but my grandpa doesn't have pantene . When i tried to pee afterwards i felt the force of and the entire spice cabinet exploding in my urethra, it took me at least half an hour to pee... i'm gonna guess that my sister in the room next to the bathroom knows...
 Shower handle and below it are almost completely coated brown . i tried to wash it away by using a few different kinds of soaps and shampoos, but alas, the smell lingers. Still deciding what to do about the situation . Update: the smell is gone, and everything seems to be better now, but damn..... what a morning.
 Backgound: So me and this girl (she is 4 years older than me) used to go out but we broke up . She told me she's not ready for a relationship even though we do everything a couple does, i know she doesn't want other people to know because of the age gap . We did everything fingering, hand of skirt, bj, except sexual intercourse and i'm fine with that . So a couple hours ago we head over to her house and we watch tv and hand up the shirt . But somethings different i think, i can't really place a name on it, she was texting another guy .
 i wanted to see if i could clear the height of my counter in my house with a jump and ended up cracking my back midair . i'm sitting here in a decent amount of pain and hoping it passes. at least i managed to walk it off like i was fine with the people that were witness to my spectacular feat .
 So i decided to carry a really cool toy to work and then mess with it on break . After work, i worked, no problem, messed with it in the crew room as to not scare people and make them think it was a real knife . But after work he messed it up after work, a cop drove by slowly, cutting me off and gets out of his car . He asks if i have a knife, but the blade is flat, nonexistent even even . He tells him he should take it, then looks up my record from my id.
 i have to be up early tomorrow for some volunteering shit with my girlfriend . i had intended to take an adderall tomorrow morning because i also haveresearch to do afterwards . Now i am staying home and praying that i can get a minute of sleep.  about 15 minutes later, i realize my mistake.
 i recently purchased a used $100.0 16 foot trampoline off of craigs list with my best friend . The pain i next endured was the most excruciating experience since i ran full force into a cactus. god it still fuckin' hurts....:(.:(
 My best friend likes my 2nd cousin but she isn't warming up to him so i meet up with her in person . She pushes me back onto the grave in the middle of our passionate kissing and the flag cracks down the middle and breaks in two . We both proceeded to run out of there .
 My uncle had cancer around 3 years ago and he's still traumatized from the cancer, hospital and all the things they had to do to in order to get rid of the cancer . i accidentally forgot to change the length on the shaver, and i ended up giving him a number 1 haircut (a 0 will make you bald)
 \"i was a few minutes late to class today, i thought i'd just send her an email letting her know i'm in class\" The sign in sheet had already gone through and i didn't get to sign in, so i thought \"hey, i'll just send it\" The signature of the email account is \"daddy\"
 i'm on a schedule people, speed is the name of the game, i'm here for the sriracha glaze . i should have toasted the stale-ass bun, but i quickly forgot that mistake as i heard/felt a sickening gritty gritty crunch**. i stop eating and quickly spit out the mouthful of stale bread, chicken and red sauces to find an inch-long shard of broken glass . After investigating, we found that the shard came from the jam jar used to make the sweet rice wine condiment .
 i'm really bad with technology. i have a flip phone, and how smartphones work is basically beyond me . After the cashier scanned the phone, i didn't turn the screen off because i forgot . Then i looked down to figure out how to turn off the screen... and i saw it in his pictures folder . The pictures were taken of my dad and his girlfriend, many shots of which include her face .
 i woke up a little earlier than usual, i decided to get an early start to my morning (read: my subreddits haven't had much activity in the 5 hours since i fell asleep browsing r/wtf) so i decided am going to use the few extra minutes to pass the shop vac over the carpet in the spare bedroom/home gym/dressing room/animal housing room . (say hi to dactyl!! very cute, but very messy little rascals)
 At 2:17 a.m. i spend around 30 minutes looking for gushers at walmart for one sole purpose . After a long time of searching for them, i had no luck so i decided to ask an employee for help . As i opened my mouth, i forget that i have soda in my stupid mouth, all of the soda comes spilling out on my shirt and her shoes .
 A girl in her competitive sports and games class suffered a concussion after she was hit in the head with a ball during a game of kickball . The girl couldn't even return to class for a week after she got hit by a ball in kickball and was sidelined for weeks due to the effects of the concussion .
 After work, a few coworkers and i decided to go to buffalo wild wings to get the hottest sauce for my wings (the hottest they have) i threw one in my mouth and slowly chewed thinking it wasn't hot at all i swallowed it . The bite was like 1000 shots of satan's cum . i couldn't breath and had to suck down a whole cup of water before i could continue .
 i was getting ready to bike to the gym and walked to my car in the driveway to get my headphones . my chiweenie donny must have snuck out behind me while i was rummaging through the car . He came hobbling back, leaning on one side and keeling over onto the grass, but i noticed he had numerous cuts, a gash under his eye . i freaked out and got my dad to watch him while i ran around the corner . A bystander was calling the police because a van collided with donny and then drove off .
 The artist broke a couple bones in a 100 lb heavy bag he was trying to carry . The bag is a large, heavy bag that weighs 100lbs and has been in the house less than a week . The artist's second go with it bruised and bloodied knuckles all to hell .
 In 2002, a 17-year-old boy and his girlfriend were going through their early relationship phase . The subject of \"love\" has never come up before prom . The night before prom, her grandmother dies three days before the prom, and she's taking it really hard . When the first slow-dance song came on, she lost it openly bawling on the dance floor .
 i was into some weird naruto hentai and wasnt smart enought to clear my history...   so my mom was sending out emails to the clients when 2 of them promptly stopped emailing us back . My mom decides to look at her sent mail to see if she had said anything wrong and started scrolling through her email and then she found 50 extremely explicit images of the shame of my nightmares .
 My talented girlfriend cooked turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, and all that good stuff . She put the leftovers in the fridge so i could have them for dinner the next few nights . The next night i ate everything so fast that i barely had time to enjoy it, but i noticed something tasted strange . A day later, i microwave another plate for an extra 45 seconds, the gravy got hard as a rock and burnt, ruining my whole meal .
 For the longest time, i have been thinking up amazing april fool's jokes to play on my little brother, who gets me with amazing pranks every year . i would rubberband the sprayer on my sink, and watch the hilarity that would ensue when my brother tries to wash a dish or his hands .
 It was veterans day at my school . The elementary school kids were getting up from the bleachers to stand in front of us and sing a song . One girl was trying to walk in a straight line while simultaneously staring at the scary high schoolers . The girl fell right over on her face .
 A black 17-20-year-old asked me to give him change for a $50 bill . After a quick check in my wallet, we traded bills and immediately i knew the bill wasn't right . He then said: \"its not fake, i just got it from a store in change and need to break it to pay a friend back\" i yelled in a stern voice \"security\". we were within earshot of the guest services booth thankfully and i know at least a half dozen people were watching at this point .
 \"You bitch\" was \"you bitch!\" as he cupped himself and tried to zip up properly . Later made up for it with a proper blowup . We use the phrase 'you bitch' jokingly... i think he was just surprised and trying to make a joke .
 Last night i smoked a couple grams with some friends on the way to another friends house . By the time we got there, the munchies had definitely kicked in so the first thing we did was check my friend's pantry . i decided it would be a great idea to eat the rest and hide the evidence so i would be innocent . i grabbed the 4 boxes and went outside to find a dumpster to free myself from my thieving deed . i threw them in the trash but by then i couldn't hold it any longer.  my stomach screamed like a thousand wounded kittens and i sharted .
 A fitting to a water sourced a/c unit that me and my boss put together wasnt glued properly and broke loose and poured out water for nearly 2 days . The owner lost every spare piece of dry wall he had, several pieces of plywood, and some doors, idk how much it all cost him .
 i had a party at my dorm last night with a couple of my mates .got shitfaced.threw up.brushed my teeth.dropped my tooth brush on the ground . Later on my buddy was throwing up in the bathroom and i thought it would be funny to shove a toothbrush up his ass .
,
, [{"summary_text": " This is a timeline of what happened to me today . It's an exercise for writing short stories because i just realized i have an english exam tomorrow . I have to go to bed, say everyone good night and try to sleep . But instead of sleeping, i have to be at work at 8:30 am .
 After telling parents that i would come home the past few weekends, then ending up staying at college to catch up on work, i promised to come home after my teammate and i finished our project this friday . After we were done, i left for home straight from the lab since it's only an hour and a half drive, and traffic wouldn't be bad . Halfway home, my hands and feet start getting numb and my stomach starts feeling weird... then i remembered that i hadn't eaten a real meal since 3 (since then i snacked on hamster food like carrots and granola but nothing of real substance)
 Recently my life has been completely in the shit. i was academically dismissed from college and have pretty much been a fuck up mt entire life. tonight i had a couple of friends over and my one friend brought a hookah pipe, so i said to him i don't care if you smoke it just don't do it in the house. so i go up stairs (we were in my basement) to put away some stuff and i come back down and there's a bunch of the hookah molasses on a paper towel on the floor so i yell at my friend and tell him to clean it up. while we are cleaning it up my mom comes downstairs and gets pissy about it
 i'm a little preoccupied at the moment with my grandfather's impending death my grandmother's complicated and emotionally-laden will, and missing the job that i love for three days of family stress . i love my 3ds xl, i carry it with me everywhere so naturally i put it in the seat-pocket in front of me. and that's where it might still be .
 Chihuahua got into trouble when she managed to get out of the kitchen . She ate the garbage in my bathroom, used feminine products all over the floor, not even mine . She had also gone through my garbage and my mom's garbage in her bathroom . Her boyfriend, bob, is the most disgusting person i could possibly meet .
 The accident happened on sunday night in Raleigh, North Carolina . It was about a 57-mile drive from the city . The accident was caused by falling into an 8-foot deep gulley while driving home from a night out with some of his friends . He was taken to the hospital with several lacerations and bruising .
 i'm almost crying when i go upstairs to the bathroom and clean myself off. I'm embarrassed. i'm just kinda laughing about it rather than being disgusted baby. dont take it so hard\" but i can't get over the embarrassment factor. all the while, he's laughing and cracking jokes since the discovery .
 i was making jambalaya for dinner and things were going well until i realized that the spice factor needed to be kicked up another notch . while browning some italian sausage i decided to toss some dried red chilies in while the meat was cooking . decided it was best to just tear them up and toss them in no harm done . i finished up my dinner and figured i would browse reddit while the food was resting . i found an interesting article and started reading and twirling my mustache, when suddenly, my lip and nose start burning with a fury of a thousand suns!!
 i didn't realize that the album had to say explicit on it for it to be the \"normal version\" we get home and about 20 minutes later he says \"this is the clean version\" in a sad and dissapointed tone . i asked if we could return it but he said that he thinks they dont take returns .
 Unbeknownst to me, there was a girl with semi-large tits speed walking to the door (i was facing the other way) unknowingly that the girl was coming, i accidentally grabbed a handful of her left tit . this has to be the most awkward experience i have experienced in a long time .
 An analyst at a high-end investments firm fired after he used a fake ID to get a job . The head of the firm saw the whole thing along with three rich clients who get spooked by the whole affair . The boss said he wants me back because i'm good, but the head was hoping to make a lot of business as these clients were high net worth .
 i was growing a 'stache for movember and it was not a pretty sight, to say the least . My economics teacher was standing right behind me, giving me the 'what the fuck is this guy doing?' look . instead of keeping his mouth shut, i further try to jusify myself by adding, \"i look like a rapist, don't i sir?\". needless to say, he walked right out of there .
 Every day when i leave i go to my locker, take off my toolbelt and work shirt and go home, pretty much in that order . This happened in front of my entire group of male coworkers as well as a bunch of customers . keep in mind that this is a hardware store so the customer base is largely men .
 In calculus, i remember that i don't quite remember how to do something that i am not grasping . i promptly raise my hand and begin to try to explain what concept it is exactly that i'm not grasping. \"i just... can we go over it?\" she so rightly responds \"what the hell are you talking about.\" She shoots me a look that could make jackie chan shit his pants .
 The red eye from lax to phl.com is a weekly feature on CNN iReporters' travel guide . This week, we asked the author to share his story with us on a flight from Philadelphia to New York . The author says he tried to call the attendant but he didn't call him out .
 i was just enjoying my post-dinner poop sesh in the upstairs bathroom in my parent's house, where i recently moved back into . i was finishing up when i felt some pain back there. upon 'inspection', i saw some red. i checked again, and yep, more red. so now i'm sitting here trying not to move, since i ripped open my butthole with sandpaper tp.
 Every year during the long summer holidays my family have a tradition of heading up to go camping on the east coast of the north island (nz) this year i happened to know that there was a girl there i'd met the previous year who was quite into me . The morning after we arrive, virtually as soon as i get up, she bounds over and says she's taking me for my first swim, right now. i'm all about it so we head out into the blue to get wet (me hoping other things may get wet) i dive into the water and that's where things begin to take a turn for the unexpected.
 i was visiting my parents over the weekend and usually bring one of my guns for target practice . i was teaching my sister's boyfriend about gun safety and how to aim and everything like that . The next day i left my parents house at about 10 pm to head back home, about 3 hours into my drive i get a call from my father who sounds incredibly serious . He tells me that 3 rounds had hit their neighbors mobile home penetrating the exterior wall and fucking up some shit inside . The sheriff came by and confirmed that it was a completely bizarre accident .
 A new tent fell out of the back of our pickup truck and my dad flipped a bitch . In my brilliance i shouted, \"hey! fuck you!!\" instead of \"that's ours!\" or not even saying anything at all . My dad defused the situation, then ate my soul by yelling at me for being a dumbass .
 i live in a very green city so this is no big suprise, but i have never been in this particular forest . i decided to wear loose fitting shorts + boxers, so the brambles went right up my shorts and cut me . needless to say i shat myself when i saw the blood .
 i'm currently using a washer that is not mine, and in another house. no one lives there; it's a weird circumstance . One of my roommates checked it out and managed to remove the nails . We only need it for 3 more days, and it turns out the person who will own the house was planning on replacing the washer .
 It was early morning and i was in the living room when i saw my cat sleeping on the bench in there and he was doing that adorable little thing where the cover their eyes with one paw . i had the sudden urge to cuddle him on the couch so i go over there and pick him up so i hold him like a toddler and bounce around and pet him for a while . Then i sit him down by his belly... and he lets out this nasty sounding fart . This was the first time i heard him fart in his two years of life .
 A classmate asked why we wanted mandatory p.e. classes for all students during attendance in order to promote good health . The sassy gay black guy snapped back, \"oh, so you don't want any fat people at your school?\" After the presentation was over, i shot a few glances in her direction to see that she was clearly affected by the statement . She coincidentally moved a few weeks later .
 The car broke in the parking spot of a security patrol car . The car had a broken driver's seat, but it was the last straw that broke the car . It was replaced by a spare car, but i managed to bump the side against the pole in my mini-panic .
 The story goes back to when i was accepted into college so i decided to have a party like anyone would . i smashed a bottle of jack in the space of an hour, topped off a bacardi and coke, 80/20 and dropped about halfway through whatever i drank next . The next day, i was out until 12:00pm the next day . i could have collapsed, convulsed, and left myself strewn on the cold floor for my roommate to discover my frozen corpse .
 A high school reunion was a reunion with two high school friends at the mall . The two girls got to quote mean girls, as we always used to, but i got away scot-free with a fart . Luckily, the diarrhea was nice enough to wait until after the visit to return to the bathroom .
 i was doing some manscaping on the chest in the shower, noticed this weird black hair sorta by my nipple (i'm blond) so engage full retard mode i swipe over the hair real quick and.... blood literally lactates out of my nipple . 2 hours later it still stings. It finally scabbed up and i'm thoroughly embarrassed as everyone is calling me a wussy .
 i wanted ice cream at my local b&r. when i stop at the stop sign at the bottom of my hill i see a chick slumped over . She starts screaming like a mother fucking banshee and launches herself at my car trying to grab/scratch/claw my face off/kill me with dirty fingernails . i slam my foot on the gas pedal and scream out of that scene like the scared seventeen year old girl i am .
 An apartment complex complex has no guest parking . The owner says he can park in the fire lane because no one gives a shit . But a couple hours later, his car was gone . Luckily, his awesome bro took 50% responsibility and got his car out . Now i've got to use the last of my vacation to pay down the tow fee i added to my credit card .
 i like the little cartons of flavoured milk and before you open then you give them a quick shake to stir it up . i don't usually have soft drink but in the case of a university musical theory exam i thought i could use something fizzy . i pick up my bottle of coke and give it two quick shakes and immediately open it, not realising what hell i have unleashed .
 i was almost out of the woods and on my street, 15 minutes from home when i took a twig to the eye . i didn't have time to close my eyes so it went right in. i felt it go in under my lower eyelid and come out again :( i powered home and didn't think much of it till i looked in the mirror and saw that a piece of my lens was scratched off .
 i just feel like such a huge douche bag because she keeps asking me if it is her, and it's not, because she is sweet, caring, and all around beautiful girl . The first time i chalked it up to maybe i had a few more drinks than i should have, but then we tried again tonight and still no dice .
 Trying to log in to some randoms account doesn't look good . i locked some random account. i feel real bad now, they're in for a shock when they next log in. i really hope i don't get tracked with my ip address, trying to log into an account is not good enough .
 i'd just finished smoking a couple of joints with some mates at the park and was heading back home when i passed gregs . Normally i would've just walked on gone home and had my munchie snacks there, but today i was far too high to process that . i don't know why my brain thought that would be a good idea, i know is that it lead to the worst walk home i've ever had and an extremely filthy pair of pants .
 A habanero pepper is 100 times more potent than a jalapeno . If you touch one of them with your bare hands, it'll burn like a motherfucker for about an hour . The burning started off as a dull burning which was uncomfortable but bearable, but kept elevating for a solid 15 minutes .
 Well at my school you have to use hid key cards and if you don't have yours you get detention . well i lost mine and i don't feel like missing lunch for not having it so i made a fake one . My principle is a bitch and decided to test mine and now may send me to the honor council which if i got in trouble would have to be reported to the college i already got into .
 i was round at a party of a girl who i had had previous sexual relations before . i felt pretty confident i would get sex again at this party . We drank all night and her little brother who has just started drinking came out and got high with us . It was a great night and me and the girl end up going to bed earlier .
 i'm eighteen and in college, my home-life has gone down-hill very fast since my mother had been diagnosed with a specific type of bone cancer . i tried to confront my mother about a possible agreement as to how we could settle our issues and just let things slide back down the pointy slope until we were okay again... that went horribly . My mother went on another tantrum and started hitting things off of the walls and blurted out \"i'm leaving.\" slammed the door and left in the truck .
 i manage to violently insert my middle finger up my right nostril whilst going through the motions of lathering my hair . i watch helplessly as blood splatters from my nose all over the pristine white of the tub and shower walls . i turn the shower off, grab a piece of tp and lie down in the bloody tub to wait for my nose to clot . i sincerely hope that i cleaned up the mess sufficiently to get my damage deposit back when i move in a few months .
 An avid rock climber got food poisoning after eating a burrito with beans and extra hot sauce . His partner was a pretty cute chick and very excited to climb . After climbing, he had a sudden urge to fart and sharted . He was 45 feet in the air with poop running down his shorts . He said, \"i have never heard such a horrible scream in my entire life\"
 The guitar case was knocked over by a dog, and i didn't see it on the ground . The case is solid, but i don't think i'll be carrying that guitar anywhere, it's not a gig-bag . My sister left me her guitar to encourage me to take up guitar, to be great at it .
 This story was made up, written as a response to a meta post about people calling out tifu stories as fake . Some of them are, and it doesn't really matter - this is story telling. To those of you who had a laugh, you're welcome .
 Co-worker \"sally\" really needs health insurance as she recently had children and is having headaches . Her boss has been saying that he'll get it (and get it set up) for weeks and weeks . He has someone come into the office who sells it . The bad news is that my boss is not currently looking for health insurance .
 17 y/o male currently in high school writes about his penis . He uploads a photo of his penis to facebook and uploads it straight to social media . But he then uploads the nude photo instead of the photo he took earlier . It's going to be an embarrassing day at school tommorow.
 College student was asked to implement a simple game in the c++ language for a games company . After spending the week before the scheduled exam, he realized he wasn't prepared . The 4 hour coding exam was 4 hours long and left him feeling awful . He wrote a simple board game and sent it off .
 High School jazz band members threw pennies at a couple eating each other's faces out . The girl in the couple thought they were calling her a prostitute by throwing them at her, so the next day we get called into our assistant principals office . We get a lecture on how not to be sexual predators and how if this happened in a workplace we'd all be fired and labeled as predators .
 i was going to meet my girlfriend with my friend at some hotel in some community with a large black population and she was late . i start talking to my friend since i am bored and i get bumped by a huge black guy and i tell my friend \"that african american just bumped me\" but then he hears it and says that he is a jamaican and the owner and got kicked out .
 \"Destiny the game\" released a new dlc today which i've been looking forward to . \"i've been at work all day, texting the boys in the group chat about how excited we are. this happened less than 30 minutes ago... this happened\" \"i'm leaving work early guardians, see you in orbit\"
 My wife and i are selling our house so we decided to jazz the place up with some new artsy stuff . The new, heavy d\u00e9cor piece is supposed to go into the bath room that i was about to use . The thing is heavy so it is strapped to the package using some 1/2\" thick industrial strength zip ties . turns out the zip ties were no match for my knife as it snapped which caused my knife to plant squarely in the palm of my left hand, almost cutting my thumb off .
 i'm just chilling, listening to music scrolling through reddit on my phone when my cat walks over and starts rubbing itself on my leg . naturally i pet and play with him for a few minutes and get up to wipe (that's right i'm one of those) my cat is turnt from playing with me, and sees something hanging from my waist . it was in slow motion, i saw my cat arc its back and prepare to lunge, then extend his arms out ward and dig his claws into my crouch . i now have a huge cut going down the shaft of my dick and scrapes in the surrounding area .
 The gamecube game was too short for to reach the couch because there is no covering under the legs and my parents nearly killed me the last time i scratched the hardwood floor . Instead of softly landing on the floor as intended, i plop down like the idiot i am and immediately roll over on my side because i feel a sudden sharp pain on my lower back . i somehow force my self on my feet and play standing up standing up all while i have that pain . Now i'm sitting at home because i can't take my finals at school and won't go back for another 3 weeks .
 Bike was down for one reason or another from october last year till last week . i've been so excited to have it back i've ridden anywhere i could . yesterday i rode to work, about 60 miles. on the return trip i rode fast. The whole way i was continuing to develop an attitude based on how cages will be cages . Truck comes to a stop sign on my right at the same time so i yield, but he doesn't move. He starts texting! he stops, makes eye contact and goes back to texting! didn't wave me ahead or anything. Finally when he does lumber through the intersection i had to show my displeasure for his slowness .
 i'm new in town and i have been going to the beach a lot trying to make new friends . Last week i came up to some guys and they laughed at me and told me to take a hike . One of them came over to me and apologized, saying they realized they'd been jerks .
 The girl's best friend has been infatuated with our teacher for a long time . The teacher has continued to lead her on, flirts with her and let her be alone in his classroom with her, nothing sexual, just out out of line . The principle found out, held a meeting, and they are apparently looking into it .
 Nearly half the students were gone on a field trip, leaving two other guys and myself to pass the time unsupervised . Without thinking, i took a droplet onto my finger and quickly realized it was some sort of acid . It was so strong i had to spit it out, but quickly realized something was up when my teeth began to feel strange .
 There's a small smudge on the screen when you browse /r/creepy, a sub i haven't really looked at much . i spend 5 minutes first using the old spit and fingerwipe, then full blown windex and towel to try and clean it . i figured since it wasn't dirty, the screen must be about to go out . i'm just really hoping her daughter doesn't use reddit very much .
 A friend of mine, for about 2 and a half years now, and i, graduated this past month from college . We both are here on campus for a, \"spring term,\" which basically is an every day class, for 4 weeks . We had decided to go out a few nights before, but i split a brownie with my friend before leaving, i never mentioned that it contained weed . We went out to a local pub, and she said, \"i just saw three\" she said something felt weird and realized something was different . An ambulance pulled in the driveway and she was taken to the hospital .
 The swelling is the size of a quarter, the next day it grew larger than a sheet of paper, it ran from the back of my knee all the way up to my bottom of my ass, and took up the whole backside of my leg . i tried benadryl capsules, benadyrl cream to no avail. Finally a friend suggested arnica and within hours the redness subsided, and the itching died down a bit. The swelling finally disappeared after a couple more days .
 It was so short that everyone had left way before the exam time was over, i managed to turn a few shades paler...and greener . i emailed the professor, explaining the situation, apologizing, and asking if accommodations would be at all possible . If i have to take 3 finals in a day to make up this exam i'll do it .
 Today is \"fake injury day\" at my school . I wrote \"internal bleeding\" on a shirt with an arrow to my gut . The arrow ended up between my belly button and my belt line . A teacher outed me, saying that i was sexually harassing every student who saw it .
 This \"fun\" story actually happened last year, but around the same time of the year which reminded me of the awful memory . i spent the next few minutes trying to get the actual wasp out and then another 10 or so removing all the little bits of its stinger . It took about a week and an embarrassing trip to a doctor for the reaction's effects to go away completely .
 A 24-year-old man was asked if he wanted to have a ffm m\u00e9nage \u00e0 trois with a woman . His fiance had made her account, posted requests on a public wallboard, a couple of days go by . She is messaged by a guy (j1) who messaged her about this women only two years older than me (im 24, fiance=21) The next day, i hear nothing from her as she works two jobs everyday and is not one to use her phone a lot on the job . 6 days ago she invited me to a party in a sauna at her place . We did it in multiple positions. i got too deep and
 In an attempt to be more open with her and make her feel better i conceded a few days later (yesterday) and let her look at my browser history . She cried hysterically for around half an hour, became unresponsive, got in her car and left . The day prior i had been looking up \"how to tell if your girlfriend has had a sex change\"
 Jubilee day is a fair/thing that happens in my town every year and it's basically a street fair to be honest . i'd never gone with friends without supervision before, and what better to do that with your girlfriend of one week and her 3 other female friends? i had been given 20 dollars **which mind you is a holy grail to a 13 year old** and everything starts off smoothly . we get a little food, and we start walking past some stalls and her eyes light up,  so being the gentleman i am, i bought some things for her . Later on we pass a temporary tattoo parlor, which will tattoo anywhere for 9 bucks,  later on we
 \"My crush and i were just hanging out at her place. we're really good friends, and i think she was into me before this . i used /r/relationship a coupe of months before to ask all kind of questions, from her signals to asking about how a longdistance relationship would work, because she is going to move away for 6 months . She asked about my username because she wanted to check out what i was writing. i declined, because all of my awkward posts about her, and kept showing her how it worked but i did a bad job about explaining how it hung together .
 i pulled my pants off in the middle of the pool as i warmed up for a warm-up . It turned out in the lane next to us, there was a class for people with down syndrome . i pulled his pants off as he was climbing on the ladder to get out .
 This is my second account because this monster of a person knew about the last account from a previous tifu i posted and proceeded to down vote everything i typed on reddit . i was on a small job near the end of my shift and l was about to start his. i was working on the pc when i just remembered, i left reddit logged in and l will be here soon .
 After all my applications were sent off i was stuck waiting patiently for responses, expecting the earliest in about 6 weeks time . So when i read an e-mail from one of the better schools saying that i've been accepted unconditionally a few hours ago, i was ecstatic .
 A rodent flew into the wall across the room after i bent my leg to reach it, but i heard a loud squeak and next thing i see is a blurry, bronze shape flying fast above my head, wailing in what i could only describe as rodent panic attack at its finest . i felt like an asshole all day... kinda still feel like one, really .
 This week's edition of iReporter's weekly feature appears to be the first edition of this week's iReporters' weekly feature program . This week, we featured the first episode of the show, \"i am female,\" along with some of the best i-Reporter photos .
 An architecture student accidentally sent a text to his internship office's landline number . The landline received the text, and the office called him at midnight . He almost shit his pants when he answered the phone, but they never knew he was their new intern . To this day (i finished my internship last week), they never know that the drunk guy who texted them is their intern .
 This article is a weekly feature on CNN iReporter's weekly feature program . Follow us on Twitter @dailymailonline.com . Share your story with us at iReport@dailymail.com and i'm all on the lookout for a new feature story . Submit your story at CNN iReport .
 Over the last 8 months i've been happily roping myself down to a ticking time bomb, and today it blew up . i've never really felt driven to pursue a relationship, and was just coasting along in life. The amazing thing though, is that this girl approached me. she was literally the first person to have done so in my life. She was trying to be my friend, where before i've always had to go out and make my own contacts .
 This is the story of how idiotic i was when i was supposed to sit my maths exam . i was in the middle of study leave whilst i prepare for my exams . i have already sat 4 exams and tomorrow i was due to sit maths exam tomorrow . The school called my school asking why i'm not in for my exam . They tell me that i have 15 minutes to get to school otherwise i will not be able to sit the paper .
 \"i force myself to go to sleep around 1:00 because i'm an adult with a job who has to be up early.  two hours into my slumber i roll over in bed, and feel an unmistakable, wet crunching sensation against my thigh. \"please god don't let it be what i think it is,\" i scooped it up in my hand. \"i turn on the light and look for visual confirmation. i have dark gray sheets, so the first thing i notice is a small moist spot. Then i see him, only he's not dead and he's making a break for it. i grab my sandal and swat at him. he runs down
 i can't sleep from drinking about 4 energy drinks so i figured i'd post my first \"tifu\" i woke up at 4am not by choice but because i couldn't go back to sleep so i ended up going to the library . i had recently found this playlist of trap music on soundcloud that was fucking bomb . i play it through out my study session until i leave to class . i then take a 2 hour nap, wake up and go to my car for cig break . Then i realized my tablet played everything through both my headphones and speakers .
 i'm doing year 11 history and i won a bet with my teacher that if our document analysis (an essay thingy) impressed him first time, we get to watch season 1-3 of erb of history, vader vs hitler ofc, cause we're studying the nazis . Well, i impressed, mainly cause i'm repeating the unit (by choice, i did it a year early and wanted more practice before doing year 12 history) and remembered how to write these really well .
 16-year-old writes about a weekend drinking with friends and maths teacher . He says he was so drunk that he started thinking about what he would say if he knew about the situation . The writer says he is not sure what he thought was the best thing to say about the subject .
 A year ago, my younger brother bought an airsoft gun . He started going to airsoft site on sundays and was having all sorts of fun . He's been pestering me to come for the past year and i promised him i would . He shot me point blank in the arse with about 7 pellets .
 My gf asked me to wash the cat, because it might help her allergies . After googling \"how to wash a cat\" a few times, i lured the kitty into the bathroom, and closed the door . The cat decided it was a good time to take a dump, and i may have lost my composure, because i tried to get her in the water to rinse her off, but she resisted .
 The only person i've told this is a used-to-be-close friend of mine, who nagged me until i told her what was wrong . She tried to awkwardly cheer me up by saying such things as \"you shouldn't feel this way\" and \"you have a good life\"
 Danger 5 is a pulp magazine-esque satire about a group of five spies (and their commander, who's a human with an eagle head) Their mission is to stop the nazi's various attempts to take over the world, as well as to kill hitler . The humour is not meant for everyone, however if you don't get offended easily and appreciate that sort of thing then it's hilarious .
 This is the first time i've heard a tweet like this in 10 minutes . I'm almost positive everyone in my house heard it but i'm too afraid/embarrassed to confront them about it . This results in my volume on my laptop to be put at max volume . I hate using headphones because of the way they feel .
 i do not do chewing tobacco regularly, but every semester during finals week i find myself pounding monsters and packing lips as if i'm a 17 year old redneck who's gamer tag is xo_roalcoal_ox . i figured in a class of 150 students i could pack a lip and no one would really notice or give a shit . well half an hour into the exam i come across a tricky problem and take a big breath before starting it . i hadn't spit in a while and my mouth was quite full, and i managed to inhale my dip as well as swallow all the spit .
 It was raining all day long down here in alabama, and at night, it was finally pretty cool out . A frog was sitting in the middle of the road when i pulled up next to him and rolled down his window . He sat there, but he didn't run away, so i got out to put him on the grass by the road . He had frog diarrhea, so did my wallet .
 i wanted to sell my graphics card after i upgraded to a new one, so i searched for it on ebay to get an idea for the prices they were selling for . So i put it up for auction and gave it a buy it now price of $100 (about $20 *above* the price i was expecting) in case someone wants to pay extra .
 Hackers left a \"fu loser, we were here\" message for me on my macbook pro . The message read \"miscreant affiliate\" when i came back from the laundry . The \"word of the day\" screensaver was set to \"random\" and that one of the screensaver options was \"word the day.\"
 Fiance found makeup in his luggage, tranny dvds, phallic toys, and tranny vids in his home . He covered his tracks around the townhouse, but i didn't say anything . He would make excuses, hiding things, etc. He would never buy into them and only responded in a clueless fashion .
 A young boy was crying his guts out at a mall when he was crying and crying . He ran out of the bathroom with his ice cream on his hand and laughed his ass off . His mother was just standing in the counter with a terrified face . The boy was taken to a police outpost and a colleague took him to the police station .
 Pizzaman shows up at my door with my pizza and asks me if i think nazi jokes are funny . He then tells me that my comment was very anti-semetic so i paid him, he gave me back the tip and stormed off all angrily . The field for driver directions was filled with a small line of text in german that roughly translated to \"all hail the leader\"
 i was a senior in high school without a job, so this money meant a lot to me . for christmas last year, my parents gave me money to buy a new phone, and i did . i looked up the price for the same phone from the apple store and it was more expensive . i received the phone in the mail and it worked fine for a few months . i noticed at the top of the screen where the \"circles\" are (to show connectivity), it just says \"no service\"
 This is the story of a drunken college student who got locked out of his dorm room in his underwear . The incident happened around st. patrick's day, but we laugh about it now . It was my incredibly drunk neighbor who confused my room as his own when he got into his own .
 The author's roomies are out of town for a few days and i have a big beautiful house to myself . i get a sweet tooth, but there's no sweets around, so i decide to whip up some delicious cookies . i throw together a simple recipe, heat up the oven, and pop those beauties in . ten minutes later, i peek at the cookies through the oven window and they're perfect .
 My friend and i went to a trap house to pick up 10 grams of shrooms . We waited 5 days for the new years party...little did i know it was at an embassy . The embassy had a candlelight vigil! i am at the height of the trip, the room got dark and all i could see was people's faces .
 A few weeks ago, i finally caved and got myself a tinder . A couple of days go by, and i end up with zero matches . By the end of the night, she had over 10 matches, and a date lined up . Since then, she's been telling me about some guy she's recently gotten tangled up with, both literally and figuratively .
 i have an anxiety disorder which has been getting worse over the past few years . i also have pharmacophobia, the fear of drugs (pharmaceutical or otherwise) this is relevant . Back in March i was very stressed over my marks (still am) which was causing a bunch of panic attacks .
 The story of a man with parkinson's is posted on Reddit . The story is about a man who went to mcdonald's in the morning and ordered coffee and a breakfast burrito . The next thing he remembers is waking up in the hospital later with the doctors telling him that he just had a seizure .
 i got my first warning from facebook almost a year ago after sending some pictures to a friend . The warning told me that i was sending pornographic pictures which was against the rules of facebook . i ignored the warning and thought that if i waited a couple of weeks before sending another picture, i would be fine . A couple of months later, i was warned once again by facebook. this time again, i paid no attention to the warning .
 A few weeks ago, housekeeping left complimentary chocolates on the bed sheets of a hotel in Seattle . The next morning, i woke up to smell a very sugary-sweet scent mixed with strawberries, but as i got up to try and figure out what that smell was, i saw a brown streak across the bottom of my shirt .
 You could pretty much get right up to the animals and put your hand in the cage at a zoo in the Philippines . A gorilla got very close to the cage and tried to shake his hand with an umbrella . The second it touched him, with ninja reflexes, he flipped his fingers around and grabbed the umbrella and pulled it into his cage .
 The first person i can find on the na boards who's having trouble climbing is a freelance coach/booster . After a little bit of talking he agrees to be coached (what could hurt?). He's instantly demoralized, but i tell him winning a 4v5 in bronze isn't difficult, you just need to stay calm . At the end of the game he gets a message from his buddy, let's call him garry, telling him building randuins on swain was a terrible idea and that's why he lost . garry had hired me to boost him from bronze to gold earlier this season . He tells me that he wishes he never knew .
 Long time lurker, first time poster, had something happen today that i deemed tifu worthy . For some people it is alcohol, drugs, gambling, blowing dudes, for me it is caffiene. i fill up my 44 ounce polar pop (it's only 79 cents!!!!) and decide to get one to take home for my wife also. i put them in once of those plastic bags they now have to carry the sodas. i am by no means a writer, so forgive my spelling and grammatical errors and join me on this tale of fuck up .
 i asked her to give me a flash drive so i could put some college stuff in it a few months ago . To be safe, i copied all of her stuff and put it on my computer . i erased the contents of the flash drive as to avoid them getting stolen or to prevent malfunction: where me and my class mates print out projects, the printing machine malfunctions .
 i'm not looking for a relationship/t per say, but i'm gonna skip the string of one night stands and find a good \"friend\" We met online, i really prefer to screen you before dealing with you, and ended up connecting very well . Flash forward a few weeks and we really like each other. We've been torturing each other this whole time and it has been difficult... to be nice to people .
 The most embarrassing moment of my life happened in january but i only just thought i should post it . It's 5 months later and we are still together and i'm not able to face her . It was the most embarrassing thing i had to do after peeing on her in my dream .
 When i was walking my dog, another person was walking her dog through the same bike trail every-time . She started asking me questions, like how did i train my dog to what school do i go to . She asked me for one last favor, to get her groceries out of her car(because she said she hurt her ankle) She then asked me to help her bandage up and get her the first aid kid from her bathroom . She then told me she has some cash in her room and to follow her to her room . While we were having sex a car pulls in, she pushes me off and \"screams my husband is here hide\"
 This happened in the new years eve before 2011, i was 13 at the time . My parents had some friends staying over that live in argentina, a family of three: the dad, and two daughters who didn't speak english very well at all aged 8 and 6 . i didn't wake up in time to see them leave and they haven't visited since .
 i just got to china after a 24 hour flight from vancouver and i've been left behind after my uncles picked up my mom and little sister . They probably think i'm in the other uncles car... and so i'm stuck at the zheng zhou airport in henan china...
 The uninstall process was still working, but i didn't bother to check what exactly it was uninstalling . Half of my shortcuts were deleted, all of them being steam games . i boot up task manage and finally manage to close it, but not before it took 15-20 games of my library .
 This story is a story from a girl who was arrested for a traffic stop five years ago . She was arrested after she parked in an open space in front of a trailer park entrance . Her brother's friend decided to take him all the way home because of all the cops .
 i got sent to this prison-like building that is meant for the expelled juveniles who can't participate in normal society . i'm the only one in this classroom that will be filled with delinquents who failed classes and need it to pass high school . The worst part about it all is the teacher, 6 foot 8 250 pound weight lifting monster of a gov teacher .
 i ordered gtx 970 from amazon 3 weeks ago, i noticed that i had to pay 108$ as import fee deposit . Normally in my country they apply 0% tax for hardware they only incur 7% as vat . i wrote to customer service asking about this matter, they only said that tax will be refunded after 60 days . Two weeks later, i received new gpc, at first i was very happy with my new gpu . However, it seem very fishy because they didn't provide me with any customs receipt . They still refused to give me any receipt .
 This happened just today (surprise) and i still feel horrible about it . Around 2 hours before the incident i was with my friends after an exam in our free time before a revision session, we went to my friend's (lets say sarah) and played some mortal kombat before we went back to school . Later at lunch, another friend suggested it would be funny if she gave me the girls number and we 'prank-texted' her .
 A state trooper wrote a 384.00 ticket for driving 96mph in a 65mph zone . The officer told the officer that the joke is meant to be about a wife, because they nag a lot . He then wrote my ticket anyway and embarrassed the shit out of me .
 The \"t\" key got stuck under the cloth and came off . The white clips that hold the key in place are broken in half . Even the key is damaged since the part where the clips attach are broken . Luckily, i have a spare keyboard but i live in nepal and can't find a replacement .
 Last night i was out with some friends and a girl who i had a light crush on . After a night out, a group of men started yelling at the girl he was cuddling with . They left the club after 5 minutes of her arguing alone, they left, and she sat back down crying .
 A customer bought a dvd player from a small electronics store in Australia . She needed a car adapter for her portable dv player . She plugged it in and plugged the wrong way, causing the player to burn up . Her boss had to give her the player for free and she had to pay for it .
 i got a zero for every assignment that the teacher found plagiarized, and am now barely hanging on to a b, just because one bitch couldn't find the effort or the decency to switch words around . The teacher knows that the documents are mine bc i submitted them 3 weeks before the girl did .
 i was building up to the biggest climax of my life like i was being jerked off by mother nature herself . i slowly turned over and blast my waterhose of an orgasm all over the iphone it turned off right away speaker cracking away as it slowly dies .
 About five years ago, i was driving home from my high school job as a bag boy at the local grocery store when i decided to stop by the nearest taco bell to grab some tasty eats . with a burrito firmly grasped in one hand and the radio dial in the other, i had no time whatsoever to avoid hitting the deer that had jumped out in front of my car . there was a mighty bang and the deer rolled up over the hood and into the middle of the road .
 i'm paranoid because i keep having weird af dreams involving my gf dying . After one of these dreams one morning, i watch the first episode of supernatural. holy balls that fucked me up so hardcore even people who manage to play flight simulators without joysticks will never even scratch this hardcore level. i've been having that same fucking dream sam had for a few episodes after his surprisingly hot gf died. same type of dream but with my girlfriend of course .
 The first post of this week has been written by a man who has yet to post a post . The post was originally intended to be about a trip to see a couple of broski friends . The man was sick with a stomach bug, and the other broski didn't come over because of that .
 My parents were installing a tv in their room and needed a flashlight to see where all the wiring was . So my dad sent me to look in his truck because he has a bunch of random tools and flashlights there . After checking underneath the seats, i found a vibrator hidden under the seats .
 The amount of shit that came out of me would make any grown man cry in shame . Everytime i go to the beach i remember it and cringe . After cleaning myself up, i still had to get rid of my soiled shorts, i saw this tennis ball sized nugget of shit in my boxer briefs .
 An 11-month-old girl, who happened to be somewhat attracted to me, just like i was to her, has a condition not allowing her to drive . After making out for 45 minutes, i dislocated my shoulder and landed 10 feet in front of her grandmother . Things cooled down between us, but we are still good friends .
 In 7th grade, a spelling bee was taking place for a charter school in which the school put intelligence higher than everything else . At that age, i was a boastful bastard, and promised all of the younger contestants that i would *probably do better than they did* or that they *didn't stand a chance against my superior mind*. i was probably the most unsportsmanlike person in that entire room full of 400 people that i interacted with every day .
 i was in the middle of describing an amazing blowjob when i heard him sniffle. i stopped and asked him if he needed to blow his nose. thankfully, he has a good sense of humor. this literally just happened. Thankfully, he's a good guy .
 i've been trying to figure out why is 2pac holding a white baby in his hand for months . Every time i passes the poster i reminisced about the good old days and trying to find out what the purpose was of the white baby . instead of 2pac, i saw a big, black, bald, big ass muscles man holding white baby. so all this time i thought it was 2pac. and telling my daughter what a good rapper he was. and that 2pac is a big black man who likes to hold white babies. i wish i wouldn't.
 A few hours later, after we've given up all hope on figuring out the passcode for my phone,  so i resort to using siri to contact people . i realise that my battery is a little low, and so i fully power off my phone . At that exact same time, an oldish lady told me that the light has changed to green, and right after i said something like \"shut up you stupid hoe!\" now i was talking to siri, but it was very easy to see that i may have been talking to her, as i was using those earbuds with microphones .
 i was tasked with taking care of my cousins daughter while he my mom and some of her other family members went out to town and got drunk . i had been out the night(no sleep) before and according to the it was only fair . Around 8pm i started to get really sleepy, and laied down, and i ended up falling asleep . next thing i know i have my mom, drunk as hell beating me with a flyswatter calling me a dumb goat .
 It was getting really choppy, so we decided to walk through it because it was easier on our feet . We found a bee on the back of my leg, and I looked like a bee trying to get it off, but it was actually a bee . It's not the first time i've seen a bee in my life, but i'm not scared of it .
 Last year, my dad went on a business trip to guyana (carribean country in south america) to see family, and to do stuff with work . Instead of usually giving my passport to my mom, i decided to be a dumbass and hide it somewhere in my room where i could get it . a year passes, and we're having most of the rooms in the house repainted, including mine, along with many room-re-movements, all of my furniture had to go into the middle of my room, in a jumbled mess of papers, binders, chip bags, chargers, and clothes .
 i've been studying for the texas bar for approximately 3 months, hovered over my computer and reading law .  basically, i've had pretty minimal human contact with my new neighbor . i'm not normally socially awkward, quite the opposite, but i guess i'm so out of practice, i couldn't help myself .
 \"i love you <3\" is written on balloons strewn across the house with pink and white streamers, presents on the table, and pink balloons . The awkwardness that is happening right now is so heavy, but i'm not ready to propose yet, so i wrote a sweet, one letter per balloon type thing .
 My brother walks in and says 'here i've got a brush you can use of you want, i found it in your room and have been using it' My hairbrush had a squishy handle. It has been in my vajayjay. Now my brother uses it on a daily basis.
 A graduate graduate at work was 7 years my junior and he's a flipping graduate at my work . My drunken mind convinced me that it would be a great idea to take him to my tent for some action . We had horrible sex, followed by him rolling off to one side and proceeding to vomit . The vomit was red wine vomit. and i was hungover.
 So this happened about 2 years ago. So one night my legs hurt so i rubbed it on and felt the ice and hot magic flow through me. \u00a0then like 20 minutes later i felt like giving the ole rod a pull . Then out of no where it begins to rise in heat and i start to feel uncomfortable . So then i make a makeshift cast thing with a shit ton of bounty and wrapped it like a burrito .
 i smoke the reefer daily more or less and my girlfriend much less so . She smokes maybe twice a month and has a problem with me smoking so often but the ganj is well worth the complaining and passive aggressive comments . After the third hit she starts to get extremely giggly and giddy and starts to slur her words . She passed out with open eyes on the side of my driveway .
 His mother in law told us he had a degenerative eye disease but that nobody was \"supposed\" to know . He seems to see fine and we were told it would likely be an issue as he gets older . He was taking tiny baby steps and using his club to feel around . He is tripping and feeling around this glow in the dark nightmare .
 Airdrop lets you send an entire 'moment' at one time, so everything from the concert that night that was on my phone was transferred to my mother's phone . This led to 132 close up pictures and 26 videos of a man holding a guitar and making out with a microphone .
 i'm on a stereotypical lads holiday in magaluf, 5 of us. i don't drink too often as it just doesn't appeal to me but when in rome eh. so by 2am i'm throughly drunk. we went outside for a cigarette after dancing with these girls in the club and i thought i'd start dancing whilst smoking a cigarette for some reason, bad idea. i fell onto my ankle and struggled to walk, my buddy helped me back to my hotel room. Fast-forward to this morning and i couldn't walk on it, had to go to the hospital and have it x-rayed, turns out its broken .
 i was driving down a residential rode in my neighborhood going towards my house to relax and use reddit for a little bit . As i was doing that there is a kid, probably five to seven years old, standing outside with his mother looking at me while i'm driving down the rode . The sweat from my head made my hair look goofy to say the least .
 This is not a throwaway, i've just never had a reason to join reddit instead of lurking about. now i do. This one's a long term disaster that just blew up in my face on friday and finished up today . i live with my father, who has had at least three girlfriends in six years .
 Me and my brother has been collecting [amiibo] for awhile now . The two have been collecting the amiibo for awhile . Once the shelf became filled we began staking them on top of each other . Me and his brother joked it would happen and we even went so far as to consider moving them .
 It was 2 am on a friday night when a girl (she lived on my hall) asked if i wanted to watch a movie with her in her room . i said yes but my body decided around then it was hungry so what does any poor college student do when they're hungry at 2 am? make some microwavable soup of course! She asks me if i want to share her blanket with her, which i realize now meant that she wanted to cuddle, i said \"no\" She then insisted that we share the blanket but 2 am me was going to have none of that .
 My dad's girlfriend sees that shes a year younger than me, which is weird because shes actually a year older, and she wont stop giving me crap about it . i want her to be quiet so i screenshot the whole facebook info page of my crush and circle her birthday then send it to my crush saying \"is this really your birthday?\" then realised i looked like a crazy psycho facebook stalker .
 The incident happened at a water park when i was 15 years old . It was like someone stuck a hose of freezing cold water up my ass and turned it on full blast . The look of shock and disgust was common among the crowd . The slide was immediately closed for sanitary reasons .
 i work in a meat department, and i am recently learning how use the saw as a meat cutter . After finishing cutting some bone-in pork i said to the other cutter \"hey look i didn't even lose any!\" referring to my fingers . But after i made it he stopped working and walked up and said \"you best not joke like that or you might lose one yourself\" later i found out he had lost his finger cutting meat years before .
 The story is transcribed for a friend not on reddit, fu happened this weekend . The story was shared by a friend who begged the story to be shared directly. transcribing for the friend not a reddit user, but was filled in post bathroom. The story has been shared by friend (storyteller)
 The weeb rhythm game is popular in japan, but has a very large international player base . It's a rhythm game that's really popular in Japan, but is very popular in the U.S. It has been stuttering, broken audio, looping animations, the works . i'd had enough to uninstall the game and reinstall it .
 i was walking to my car last night when i stumbled upon an empty construction site and my sense of adventure took over . When i saw a fire extinguisher, i realized i had never used one and so, i used one . Now i'm on the highway, driving home with my new toy on the passenger side floor, and it shifts as i take a curve .
 i usually go ice skating about 3 times a week and the nearest ice rink is about a 30-45 minute drive . after i make the drive (which requires a toll), i'm sitting in the parking lot looking for my wallet, i realize i left it at home . i'm pretty upset because i am usually pretty good at bringing all the essentials i need . i spend 10 minutes going through all the places where i store my wallet . i go back to the car and find that i did bring my wallet i just put it in the compartment near the ashtray .
 i went on holiday with my mother to egypt and she arranged for us to do a bunch of things while we were there and one of them was a boat trip . An hour later we come to a snorkeling spot and stopped the boat at a stop near shore . The captain told people not to use the toilets when the boat stopped and the toilet flusher didn't work . So i decided to flush the toilet and then immediately exit and join the people looking over the edge of the boat looking for the toilet .
 \"Zoey\" and \"jason\" were supposed to meet at a coffee shop for coffee . After about half an hour, he started talking about his trip to guatemala in the third person . He then texted my actual date because they were friends, who'd gone to Guatemala together . The date turned into an awkward 4 person date .
 My best friend, and ex-wife - we'll call her tiffany - has been dating dave for two years . They recently left to see her parents in europe, the first time dave has met them . Me: \"i like dave. we're all friends. i don't think dave is ready to propose\"
 The story goes back to a 20th birthday party with my flatmate's girlfriend and her best friend's best friend, richard . He was a tall, attractive guy and ends up making out with everyone and things get a bit wild . At the party, he gets dared to go up to rocket's room and go in, look him in the eye, and say \"i wish i were you\"
 This tifu has been happening since friday, but it wasn't until now that i realized that i had effed up . My mom asked me if i could babysit her new kitten for a few days while she went to the states to do some shopping . The kitten is an absolute sweetheart, she did all of her business in her litter box and ate her food without a fuss .
 \"Gina and i met at church camp about mid february and were  friends for about 3 months\" Texts at night become a bit intimate but i'm thinking \"next camp i'm bringing condoms\" texts after camp got way more intimate and we had tons of fun . After she screenshoted some pics that showed all and never deleted any texts .
 We brought our 4 (almost 5) year old boy to the cinema . We put the phone in the pocket of my hoodie, not my pant pocket like i usually do . Thankfully i have \"find my iphone\" activated and locked my phone, put up a message and tried calling it .
 \"normal sexual activity ensues, she guides my hand to her throat. then she's like \"slap me\" then she says \"harder\". then she screams \"fucking harder\", at this point i pull my hand back and fling it forward. i pull out stand up and immediately apologize. i ask if she's okay, she's holding her hands up to her face.... and is crying. She couldn't see, we went to the er. i scratched her cornea.... hoping it goes away .
 i got the idea to reenact one of those cliche movie scenes where someone sits in the dark waiting for someone to return . The plan was to take one of the dining room chairs and move it into the living room area . When i finally heard her car pull into the driveway i started giggling uncontrollably the dumbest sounding giggle of my entire life .
 The story was told to me by my fiance, who does not have a reddit account, and i have \"*explicit permission* from said fiance to post this in her first person's first person, as it was told by her . The story goes back to when i went in to clock in and realize there was money on the floor, not my money .
 An early text from my friend asked him to take him to work, and his mom was stuck at work and couldn't bring him over on time . He was 30 minutes late, when he could have easily only been 10 minutes or not late at all, had he actually specified which target he worked at . Since he never drives, he didn't really notice anything odd, since he's also a bit off sometimes .
 The story goes back to the original version of this article . The author was at work when he found the crackers on the table where the blueprints were . He ate three crackers, one of which taste strongly of an adhesive that they used in the building . The story is published on \"The Daily Mail's Book of the Year\"
 i'm usually pretty logical and saftey driven. that said i still dick off now and again. i work as a building superintendent/ maintenance supervisor which suits my skill set fairly well, i'm definitely a jack of all trades (master of none). i've never really done a lot of landscaping but i'm very familiar with power tools .
 The story of a guy who fu by calling a locksmith reminded me of my own tifu involving a locked car . This story happened several years ago but i'm still going to post it . It was late fall, almost winter, and there had been an overnight freeze/frost that hit the area .
 Because of my pyloric stenosis, i could eat, but i couldn't properly \"digest\" my food . My mother was worried with how often i would be sick after eating, so she took me to the doctors about it . There was one doctor who said that i wasn't right, and they had to do something and another who was saying i was fine. they ended up arguing about it, and mid-argument, it hit. projectile vomit, a hell of a thing to see, right from a kid .
 i had just bought my beautiful new galaxy s6 edge and brought it to school, proudly . whenever a girl annoys me, i'll always give a light tug on their hair, not enough to hurt them, just to annoy them . This girl has her hair out, it's super long and shiny, so boys at my school are attracted to it like gollum to his precious . They always wack at it and stick pencils in it .
 The following is a quick recap of what i've experienced in the last three or four weeks . i work a pretty shitty job in a position about two clicks above entry level seeing as the requirements to get a position with us aren't overly\u00a0intelligent\u00a0we cater for a lot of\u00a0fuckingwits .
 Four reps in a set of heavy squats were going well, but i ripped a glorious fart which hit one of them directly . i mumbled sorry and he just ran out of the gym. If you're reading this, i'm really really sorry. The man who was holding his shoulders is really sorry .
 The movie was supposed to start at 4 but i thought ads would take 20 min. that would make it a very short movie . The opening credits were in 8-bit text and the opening credits overlap the scene . The movie is supposed to end around 6:10 ( we arrived at 3:50) and the movie finally began .
 20 years old, have the whole city at my fingertips... except that i don't know anyone my own age, can't legally drink, and only have enough cash to cover public transportation and frugal grocery shopping . My social interaction comes from coworkers (30+) and the slew of awesome international tech developers i live with .
 i woke up with a dark thing just under the head of my penis . It hurt a little, and i couldn't take it off, but i assumed it was a piece of dry skin or something . Now i'm holed up in this hotel bathroom pouring mouthwash on it... because.... alcohol? i think that's supposed to help? this kills the balls .
 This was posted a few days ago but removed due to being sexual and posted on a weekday so here it is, again . i started secretly dating my friend's sister's sister, no one knew about our relationship, absolutely no one . i always browse in incognito mode, encrypt my hard drives, password protect everything under so many layers, we had hot sex almost every other day .
 A pretty girl around her age came in for her daily morning swim at a pool for a gated community . She's deathly afraid of spiders, so i decided to tease her with a dead spider floating in the pool . The spider hit her in the face and disintegrated into a billion baby spiders . She starts screaming bloody murder and starts drowning .
 i was sitting on twitch like any normal wednesday, when i felt a sensation coming from the holy door keeper . i quickly rushed to the bathroom and cranked the window open as i began to undress and toss my chocolate stained clothing out the window . i slide straight off the toilet as i'm spewing chocolate all over the sides of the toilet . Finally got all cleaned up and left the scene of the crime .
 A couple of young twenty-somethings in a relationship do a lot of sex . After spending $15 for condoms, we only had enough to us through part of the week . After a week of sex, she texts her that she's a week late for her period, and that she bought a pregnancy test . She takes the test and its positive so... i guess i'm gonna be a dad in nine months...
 i squeezing my dolphin and all of the sudden a huge load came out of it's spout. jizzed all over my macbook pro keyboard and mousepad . after using the computer after i was done, to my dismay, i noticed that the f, v, and r key stopped working . The password to my computer is \"fuckyou\"...... so i am completely locked out of my computer... the f key doesn't work.... so now i have to use my girlfriends computer, and she is going to be home any minute to watch one of her stupid shows .
 A friend was supposed to drive him down to spend the weekend with his girlfriend, but he was lying about the whole thing . The friend had bought a bunch of beers as a peace offering, and i started drinking them . The next day he found out that the friend had lied to his girlfriend about the situation .
 i overused my vibrator to the point where i lost control of my bladder 12 hours later . i am aware that there can be serious nerve damage from overuse of vibrators on sensitive parts of the body . Nothing makes you feel more like a child, playing so hard you pee yourself .
 i had a really nice laptop with 8gigs of ram, solid state drive, blazing fast and full of cool shit . After awhile it started overheating and shutting down . i mentioned this to a friend and he offers to clean the fan and reapply thermal paste . He offered to pay for the new motherboard but is on a very low income so i can't in good conscience accept money .
 i decided it was a great idea to go for a run in 95 degree heat and 100% humidity . i applied foot powder to combat the sweating in more promiscuous regions, formally known as swamp balls . i quickly acted to put out the fire on my pelotas .
 20 minutes ago i was jerking off, but i didn't realize my dick was pointing straight at my face so i jizzed full force into my poor poor poor eyeball . like i'm talking projectile jizzing. like that jizz stuff that spiderman uses . now my eyeball is super red and aches pretty bad.
 i recently met a woman on an online dating site . She knows my family and apparently had a fling with my brother in law at some point in the distant past, which she mentioned after coitus . The sex in hind site was, okay at best, and personally i would rather not continue the 'affair' any longer .
 i am an 18 year old male who is going off to college this fall, and all of my friends are doing the same but with different colleges . i have a friend, we'll call her sarah, who i really like, who is funny, kind, patient, and one of the genuine best people i have ever met . She has in the past told me that she loved me once recently, when i said something particularly nice to her when she was in a lot of pain and struggling a lot . i then casually said \"i love you sarah.  take care\" She then said \"thank you friend\", which was out of character and scared the living sh!t out of
 i'm on vacation in ecuador with my family and i was taking a long walk far away from the nearest restroom . To amuse myself i twist my dick to left and proceed to urinate . i see the warm yellow liquid hitting the ground so i think all is well . then i put my dick back in my pants, then i look to the left and to my horror, there is a long strip of liquid on the left side of my shorts . i haul ass back to my hotel room and turns out i forgot the key to my room .
 This happened to me about a year ago . It was my freshman year homecoming dance . i was bummed my date canceled last minute, i still went because i'll be damned if i'm gonna let that ruin my good time . i start bumping into people left and right, stepping on feet etc, and i'm thoroughly embarrassed by the end of the song .
 This is a \"sequel\" to [http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3elaq7/tutu_by_forgetting_to_cut_off_a_price_tag_on_a/) fu . The author of this article is not the first time he has been charged with anything related to his previous post .
 i got high on edibles today while the wife was out shopping and i had to watch after my 8 yo son and 4 yo daughter . During one scene we see plankton's restaurant name: \"chum bucket,\" at which point i chuckled and said out loud: \"don't you mean cum bucket\"
 The company i work for organizes an annual picnic at kennywood, pittsburgh. i skipped last year and decided to check it out this time around after having heard a few interesting things (like the park being designated a national and state historic landmark). But i soon noticed people giving off this strange vibe. there were a lot of stares directed towards me. i could hear people standing close by in a queue whispering things to their friends/family. i soon realized what it was. i told my friends that we should get lunch and leave and so we did .
 i'm an incredibly shy guy around women. i always have been. to the point where introducing myself out of nowhere is a nearly impossible task . The new girl at my work shows up, and she's *gorgeous*. and that's rare, because by and large, pretty people can't be bothered to be working this late . i get her number, and text her to give her mine. over the next few days, nothing. absolutely no form of correspondence.
 A month ago, there was this girl i really liked, she seemed like girlfriend material and was nice, pretty, smart, you know; seemed like the perfect one . So one day being drunk old me, i decided to ask her out . She said she couldn't come, and she said that someone else would probably come . Instead of backing up, i sent her a message: \"it's not the movie, it's you!\".
 Around halloween i bought 2 pumpkins, one went home with my girlfriend and the other i brought back to my apartment with the intention to cook and devour some pumpkin pie . laziness ensues and my pumpkin ends up on my balcony for the next six months . The gargantuan amount of snow kept said pumpkin from rotting to nothingness .
 This is the story of an elementary school incident in which a student was punished for playing on a soccer net frame . The teacher yelled at him and made him go back to the classroom for the rest of recess as punishment . He also had to go to the counselor's office with the other \"troubled\" kids .
 This is the story of a high school longboard accident involving a friend of his girlfriend's best friend . The friend invited her over to have sex with her friend, who was too high to understand the depth of the situation . She told him she had brought weed, and in my confusing situation i happily agreed to get baked, thinking that hopefully it would make the situation less awkward .
 i shouted back at him \"hey, ian, you're not phil collins from devo!\" he stood up and yelled even louder \"phil collins was in genesis, dipshit!\" The band director usually gets him to stop, but today, she couldn't .
 This morning i woke up at about 4:30 which is usual for me because i leave the house at 440 to go to work . Around 45 minutes into the drive i noticed a very strong odour. around this time i realized my right leg was in fact soaked with cat piss. sadly being now 520ish in the morning no place open to sell me pants.
 It was just a small nose bleed which i had somehow opened up again from when i smacked myself in the face with my camera a few days earlier :p. The sauce of all the blood was actually the result of a small cut on my nose, which i realised was a result of smacking myself on the face .
 This week is \"teacher appreciation week\" at my high school . This week a class mate of mine brought our government teacher a coke . He had dropped the coke and set it on his desk upside down, saying \"this is how you get it to be able to open faster, helps it fizzle down\"
 i lost $150 dollars in bags in a very intense close game that was being commentated by the other intoxicated patrons of the party . i really don't remember the fight at all. i remember cheering and that's it. i'm already so hammered i forgot ice but that warm margarita was still bangin!
 Network architect wrote a scathing email to a large group of engineers, managers, project managers, and the like, explaining why an application wasn't working . One slip of the finger turned \"regards\" into \"retards\" as human resources told me, \"...very hostile toward co-workers and other teams\"
 i was in a room dedicated to a place to put your bag, but me being socially inept usually sit in this room and play on my nintendo . The room is directly next to the principals office and on multiple occasions he came in and kicked us out because we were making to much noise . Two occasions i had to awkwardly put my shoes back on as they were used as missiles . i spent the day in the principals' office while he apparently went to a&e .
 i was driving my company's box truck, as i do like 3 times a week . i don't know what the hell i was thinking... there was a car in front of me, prepping to make a left turn but was waiting for the oncoming traffic to break . My mirror clips a telephone pole on the passenger side, my tire hops the curb which sends the top right corner of the box into the pole, leaving a nice gouge in the metal, then the truck kicks off the curb and tilts 45 degrees in the other direction, scraping the side of the 3-passenger car and then rights itself .
 One of my employee (a girl) came to me and said that she saw me driving out of a gas station while she was driving in . she waved at me but she could not get my attention . that's where the tifu came in. i told her: i would have fingered you if you did .
 i have a super cheap electric razor that is pretty rough, and so i have to be really careful so as to not get any razerburn on my face .  my mom was saying that since i had such a cheap razor, and there was a costco coupon for a nicer one, i could get a nicer razor along with my brother .  as i said this, her eyes grew wide and she uttered \"i.. uh.. used that razor\".  i was startled, and asked why and where she used it to shave her face on occasion .
 His sister who works as a manager locally just asked me to come on, under the exception that i didn't mention that we all toked together . She's in line to take the new gm position cuz the current one sucks, and gets drunk at work all the time . The dealer, i later found out, has had drunken of  flings with current gm...who also has a boyfriend .
 i was texting my friend while walking into the elevator so i wasn't really paying attention, and i accidentally walked into the closing doors of the elevator . my arms splayed out to the side and my phone went flying . i was looking for cracks in my screen as i tried to get into the . elevator again. twice. in the span of 30 seconds .
 This happened a few hours ago, when i was getting on a tram, and i had my phone in my hand, because i was typing a message . As i was done using my phone, i put it in the front pocket of my jeans, which had a huge-ass hole in it . It slipped right through the hole and down my left leg, stopping halfway . Now i had a phone stuck around the knee of my pants .
 College student posted an ad on kijiji saying that he was looking for work because i'm experienced in landscaping and what have you . The next day a guy answers his ad and says that he needs work done around his property that would include lots of digging, shoveling, heavy lifting etc.
 She returned the dress because she said all she would think at the funeral would be 'it makes my eyes hurt' Thankfully, thankfully she is still marrying me . The dress has one of those trippy patterns the sides have stripes that go one way and as all jaggery and the middle they go the other way .
 i did my wonderful 45 minute workout and was looking forward to a nice cool sudsy shower . i stared at my crotch for about 20 seconds before it really set in that half of my brain had attempted to cut off my built in senzu bean . i finished shaving and sudsing, watching blood dribble from the wrong part of my crotch . i'm going through the rest of my routine (moisturizing me!) with a small box's worth of tissue shoved where i can't easily place a bandaid .
 My girlfriend and I were at a luncheon for my cousin\u2019s first communion . We were sent home with an entire plate of leftover apple pie and another of chocolate cake . The cake flew forward and plops frosting side down on the carpet. i got to clean up what i can of the cake by scooping it up with my hands .
 A few years ago, some buddies and i decided to hit the town and find some women . A girl walks up to him and asks if he like eva mendes, so she tells him her friend looks exactly like her and wants to talk to him . She gives him her number and begins furiously making out with him . After a few days of texting, he says she believed he was gay .
 The tifu happened about 4 years ago already . The most amusing part of this story is that this computer is still alive and working ! i am even writing from this computer right now ! The laptop cover is made in aluminium and not in plastic like most laptop, and since it was in a carrying case, only the screen did break .
 i'm an electrician in a large city in canada. we get a service call to install conduit from the lan room of an office on the 20th floor to the data room; that is the chase between floors for the new fiber optic line . i see that the only route available takes me through the men's and women's washrooms and into the office space . i happily get to work bending conduit bending conduit throwing it in the cling and putting the tiles back in the tbar. as i'm comming back out i can hear my coworker talking to a woman who wants to use the facilities.  i say hey its not a problem and let her go in and wait until
 First time i've actually had something to post here, i've had a bad cold for the past week or so . I was on my period and managed to go through my pad when sneezing . I'm sitting there working, and a particularly big sneeze hits. this felt like i sneezed in more than one place .
 i live in kuwait, and it was around 35 degrees celsius today (can't wait for summer) people tend to be assholes (bonus douchebaggery for high school) Everyone picks on this one kid in my class, let's call him ned, and everyone rats me out . ned shoulder barges the door and cracks the middle panel, and starts making death threats . The door was a cheap aluminum frame with 3 thin vertical glass panels with some steel mesh support thingy inside them .
 This was actually last weekend and i was drinking with at a wedding reception . The wedding party had some things to take care of so i offered to move the best man's truck that was illegally parked so he didn't have to worry about it . Someone else who happened to be outside says, \"you know you lost your cooler, right?\" i turn around and all of wedding reception's liquor is laying in the middle of the street .
 The car died in the middle of an interstate in Georgia, Georgia, after about an hour of sitting in traffic . A nice man and his wife and child pull over to let me use his phone to call my dad so he can call the tow truck . Police jumped my car and followed me to the next exit where i found a gas station, left my car running, bought a charger, and finally made my way toward my girlfriend's house .
 This tifu happened yesterday but i only got around to posting it right now . i was with my parents on some errands and i took their car keys to try out their car's proximity sensor on the door which opens the car when you're close to it with the key .
 A couple weeks ago, a friend invited me and my friend brandon over to his house for some good times . His parents are crystal meth dealers . i later found out that my friends parents are both crystal meth users . i have yet to go back into that house .
 i've never had a facebook account, just never saw the point, and my friends have asked me to get one for a while . They said that a lot of messaging happens on it so it would useful to have. also, i think i'm pretty fucking hilarious at times . i had sent stupid shitty messages to about 100 people on facebook. i am currently regretting everything.
 The receipt fell into the crate part of the machine where it gets sucked into . A little boy climbed into the machine to get the receipt for me . The boy's parents then started pulling him out and his parents started pulling them out . The whole market was probably looking at us, he hands me back my receipt .
 This happened about a few years ago. i was with my mom and my great grandmother . My great grandmother wanted to go back to where she grew up (this small town called alton, missouri about 10 miles from arkansas). We went there, it was a horrible time (i am not a very outdoorsy type of person) so on the way back we find ourselves at a really bad motel with a cesaers pizza, and a convenience store next to it . A 20'something year old guy started talking about how i have a really good tan (i'm half black) so i told him that i was half black and he said in like the stereotypical racist southern manner
 The incident occurred in a mixed-sex toilet at the back of the office . The lock prevents people from walking in, but not today as i'd failed to lock the door . The poor filipino walks in, sees me there, squeezing one out and she just stares at me in horror .
 In late January, i accepted a short term position in australia to help out with a project for several months . My wife has a full time job and couldn\u2019t come down with me, so we\u2019ve been doing the long-distance thing since then . One of the big perks of this position was that i was able to bring my wife down for a visit at the company\u2019s expense . The first night, we were setup in the guest bedroom, which did have an ac unit \u2013 it was just pushing out air, not cool air . We ended up sleeping in that room that night but it was pretty difficult \u2013 hot & stuffy and not comfortable at all
 The man's girlfriend was removed from her security clearance after being recognized from a video feed of her uncle years ago . The man recognized her from the video feed and said she was flirting with him, but she shot him down immediately and told her supervisor about it to make sure that there were no issues to be had . The woman is no longer allowed to visit her on site in the security office anymore .
 When i was 7, i was playing with a 6-year-old girl, she started to strip naked . She undressed and ran naked in front of her mother's house . She said: \"i had never been that embarrassed in my life!   my mother scolded me\"
 i have back and neck problems and often will ice my neck with ice packs . well last night i couldn't find our ice packs and was too lazy to make my own so i grabbed a frozen bag of peas . i settled into bed with it on my neck. i fell asleep like that and woke up hours later .
 i set two alarms to wake up early for a job trial, with the alarm next to my pillow so id hear it. happened this morning. i looked at the clock, was about to get up, then suddenly i wake up and wake up 2 hours after i was supposed to start and 3 missed calls from the potential boss. too embarrased to call him back, so back to looking for jobs.
 A German exchange student broke up with her boyfriend because of her feelings for me . The same girl who i had kindled this relationship with and come to see...was boning a dude about 10 feet above my head on the first morning there . i had just flown out to see this girl who professed her feelings to me, and now i'm stuck for 2 weeks, with her .
 The project is made by a group of five, we all chose separate subjects to write for and i said i would edit it all together . My only goal was to submit our first draft before midnight of last week as dictated by our professor . The one in our group who never even responded to my emails eventually sent me some bullshit paragraph about an hour after our deadline .
 A few months ago, a freshman in high school wanted to get together to hang out and have the most awesometacular all-nighter/lan-party party ever . The plan was to have fun, but not at the expense of someone else . After hitting the first house, twice, at nearly 4 in the goddamn morning, we decide to hit another house, hoping for a reaction . The three sophomores' wish to get a reaction were contradictory .
 A year ago, i started talking more with a girl who i was acquainted with in 8th grade . We'll call her ashley . We were both in the same algebra class for freshman year, and talked about a lot of random stuff and had good laughs with our friends . After school was out over the summer, she started inviting me to do more things with her and some friends of hers . i actually had a pretty decent summer because of her . But the obliviousness kept getting worse on my end . i asked her if i could make her my wcw because i'm a filthy like-whore .
 Yesterday i had to cut my grass for the first time this year because it was getting pretty bad . All i have here is an electric weed eater which is why i put it off for so long . The extension cord i have for it is only about 20 feet which means i have to unplug it and hang it out the window .
 The first time i've posted anything here but i felt like this just had to be said . It was actually about a month ago now but i still have issues from the concussion i got...  It started at the boyfriend's house after he threw a pillow at me . He's a terrible person and enjoyed laughing at me not being able to do things... from there i started giggling .
 i was with my friends in our gym today and i saw a kid playing basketball and i thought we would have a 1 on 1 game so i playfully steal the ball from him and shuffle around a little, but he is just standing there motionless, when a lady walks over and grabs him looking at me very offended . turns out he was a special education kid at our school .
 A year ago a gorgeous girl, lets call her k, walked into my room and asked me to clean her apartment if she won a game of fifa . She then asked if i wanted to play a game and said i would clean her room if i won . She said i could have anything, maybe she was trying to insinuate something . i thought maybe she had just overestimated her fifa ability . The next day she asked me if i hate/dislike her because i've never talked to her before .
 There were these shrooms called hawaiians. The first two times are other stories for another day . The bathroom door was made of glass, which was kind of trippy for all of us . The next thing i remember is this giant dude getting off the elevator and pointing at me saying \"you!\".
 A client is going through a nasty divorce and needs a document signed by his ex-wife to get the deal done . She is all too happy to help as she wants the car gone . The deal was cancelled after the awkward silence from the client . He has now cancelled the deal .
 An avid cosplayer in the summers after school and i'm cosplaying kirito from sword art online . The edges of his swords were a little unclean, so i decided to shave them off with an unclean razor blade . The blade cut the first knuckle on my left index finger clean through and deep when i crossed my hands .
 tifu this morning when a fellow commuter let me have a freshly vacated seat . The bus braked hard when i let go of the pole, resulting in me flinging my phone into the chest of a nearby stranger . 'twas a ride of embarrassment to work. 'twa ride of embarrassed to work'
 i was overjoyed at the prospect of returning to university after leaving the military . i received a notification from the university saying that applications had been accepted . i'm now effectively moving to another country in a two month's time, and i can't go back to work again .
 A Brazilian man has a crush on a girl in his first year of teaching English . He says he is very good-looking, but girls hit on him frequently, and flirting happens anyway . He writes that he dreams about the girls in his classes and dreams about them when he's not with them .
 An empty hummus container melted through a bag of rice in a microwave safe container . 15 mins in the microwave cooked rice in one of these containers . 15 minutes later, the bag melted through the container, causing a commotion in my apartment . The microwave caused 3 alarms going off at the same time, since the smoke detector in my room decided to join in on the fun .
 Five years ago when i was a young and stupid in college i went with some friends to an off campus party . One of her friends brought a bong and i figured i would join them to show how much fun i was. i have never smoked before this moment. i take one long inhale, hold my breath for an eternity and release. immediately, i creep back into my seat and start to question why that seemed like a good idea.  immediately, the room starts to turn and i suddenly feel nauseous.  quickly i excuse myself and go to the kitchen, fumbling to grab a glass of water .
 i bought a can of cheap-as-shit pepper spray from fry's and left it in my truck for when i had to throw trash away at night . The can ran out within a few seconds of spraying and ended with a big wet mist, rather than a compact spray . i threw the can in the bin and didn't think anything of it. grabbed a bag of trash from the truck, went to throw it away, and stepped right into the cloud of pepper spray .
 It was like any other day when i went to the office to smoke and have a smoke and coffee . But then the alarm went off and alarms started going off in the second floor of the building . My mom called my dad to say she started a fire and it is on fire and fire truck is here to rescue the people in the office .
 Picture the scene, it's an early morning in a history class, my brain is still in a half functioning state . My teach standing up front asks  \"there shall be peace in our time'' The 7'1\" black nba player, not neville chamberlain, is a human who looks more like a prune than any other human in history has .
 The stoned munchies won again, despite my best efforts . The story of a stoned stoner's battle with the stoned bong is told in this week's edition of iReporter's Daily Sketch . The first episode of the show is based on the experience of a man with a stunk stunk of stunk .
 This is my first post to tifu and i'm on mobile so bear with me and excuse my mistakes . I was an average kid (13 m) had decent grades and good friends, never got too much into trouble .  never had a \"serious\" girlfriend, or at least as serious as two can be in 8th grade . She sat with me on the bus everyday, texted me after school, and flirted with me often .
 i'm a 16 year old male who tries to stay out of trouble, but people around my small town don't think so . i was cursed with stoner eyes so obviously, i look like a stoner . One day last summer troy and i decide to walk around town . we walk by his grandmother's and invites me in to his house . suddenly we hear a noise at the front door . His grandmother is an elderly woman who seemed harmless .
 i spent a couple hours in the garden trimming trees, pulling weeds, and pruning shrubs yesterday . when i was done i came inside, made dinner, did my usual evening routine and went to bed . this morning i woke up to intense pain and itching in a lot of areas .
 The story originates from a post about buying a bar of chocolate and not having sex due to it . My friends bought me a chocolate penis cake, and then decided to tell my parents, and everyone else in the house the story . i'm afraid to check facebook or facebook or anything atm.
 My best friend and i are still in high school on our junior year (11 grade) last year i met this girl through some of my friends but didn't think much of it . 2 weeks ago my best friend met her at some after school activity and they exchanged contact information . 3 days later, i noticed him hanging out with her more than usual, touching/poking her and such . i decided to bring her as well, thinking they could leave us alone if i came, but he started talking and flirting to her right in front of me .
 A few of us go out for a smoke just outside of the main door of the bar (no smoking patio) and about 3/4 of the way through the smoke i get approached by a guy asking for a cigarette . After a few more min we start talking about weed and he asks if i know where to find any, i tell him that i don't know where he can buy any but i would give him a small bud for free because he seemed cool (third mistake) so we walk like another 10ft away from the bar and i pull out my bag a half 1/8th max and give him over a 3rd of it with a smile and say enjoy :) at this
 A lighthearted (and salty?) tifu for you all. a lighthearted joke . The joke is about a grocery store where you can order a burger and fries (or onion rings!) for only $3 . The author is a humble new englander with apparently a thicker accent than he thought .
 This is the story of a young Australian student who broke off his thumb four years ago . He broke off the main tendon for his thumb as well as the main nerves in his thumb . He spent the next 6 months relearning how to use his thumb for the first time .
 The dentist's old sink/faucet/sink doesn't function well, and the drain needs to be activated manually . The dentist came in to check on him and the sink spilled over onto the floor . No crucial equipment was damaged, but they did have an old radio sitting on the floor that got fried .
 Anxiety and stress is playing on the anxiety and stress playing on my mind . I work in a school as a learning support assistant . I have a massive social anxiety problem along with a few other mental health issues. i can't talk around others very well, and i never leave the house for social events or have any sort of friendships in the real world .
 i live in a gang populated area and it is really messed up here . My older brother listens to songs made by the rappers in our area . He knows i tell him not to listen to those songs at his age and i've tried deleting it numerous times . So today when the song was super loud and there was a party next door i was scared and pulled out the power for the a/v system . i then gave my brother a little hit like it was the slightest tap and he goes screaming to my mom .
 i did not just suck on my arm like that. okay maybe i did because i was alone and bored, and if you really knew me, you'd know how i get when i'm bored . then later in the shower, there it was. throwaway because my main account has a video of me .
 i am pretty sure i have reached a new level of virginity, but i have been unmatched on tinder . The match was going pretty well, until we encountered a witch . i hadn't played l4d2 for a while and got downed by the witch since my skills are apparently gone .
 There's a guy at my school who i have a huge crush on (i'm a dude btw), and he likes me too . He asked me if i could stay after school to hang out for a few minutes, to which i eagerly accepted . He said he had to go to an after school club meeting .
 i run cross country at my high school, and i sometimes get home later in the day . my mom was gone at a soccer tournament with my brother, and my dad was at work, so my mom had a babysitter watch my younger siblings when i was at cross country . After my run, i saw a freshman on the team who's last name was the same as the babysitter's's, and for some stupid reason, i decided to find out if he was related . He confirms that he shares his last name with the girl, but instead of just directly asking him if he's related, i ask him, \"do you have any sisters?\". he says he has two, and
 The next morning i found out that it was lithuanian moonshine . The next day i called him a bitch for bailing on us . The girl wasn't pleased and though we still talk from time to time, nothing happened, except for a pretty good revenge story from my friends dad .
 i am a pc gamer and i love to play counter strike: global offensive . i was ecstatic when i received my first knife in cs:go, a gut knife slaughter . i traded it to a butterfly urban masked, traded *that* to a fac new gut knife doppler, then traded ***that*** to my most recent knife, a minimal wear scorched butterfly knife . i wanted to sell this one in hopes of turning a profit, and getting real money to buy another knife! i put an offer up on a trading website and got a message today from a guy named flick . Checked him out on a website that does a quick \"background check\" of sorts on your profile
 i've known this girl since we were kids and let's just say puberty did wonders when she got in college . i got a date with her, we go out have a good time and start hanging out at her apartment in her room .  it was late and we starting making out and i told her before we started making out that i needed to leave soon because i had to be at work extremely early the next day .
 i had been having panic attacks and anxiety leading up to moving into university residence . The next night i couldn't sleep, so i took some shots hoping it would make me fall asleep, then blacked out and went to the bathroom in the hall, and on my way back i fell . This morning i had a meeting with my residence manager and the head of housing, who informed me i was too much of a strain on reasources and they couldn't handle me, and that i would have to move back home for a while to get shit together .
 An ice cream bar at a university has a large cafeteria where professors often get food and mingling students . An older gentleman approached the ice cream, and when i scooped it, saliva slipped down my tongue and fell into a bucket of ice cream . The elderly man was standing over my shoulder, watching me scooping out ice cream like a vulture . He was probably taking an excruciatingly long time to scoop ice cream into my cup .
 An accountant wrote that he didn't do his accounting in the last lesson . This made his accounting teacher really pissed, and she e-mailed my mom . My mom acknowledged the receipt of said email, forwarded it to me and my dad . He came back, had a talk with me, beat my ass and now i'm crying as i type this .
 The driver of a [skiploader] approached me with a look of terror in his eyes, holding a used cloth tissue telling me \"hey you're bleeding, man this looks bad\". i didn't feel too bad, a small amount of blood was entangling my left middle and ring fingers but i quickly grabbed a clean tissue from my pockets, got rid of the blood on the hand and moved the tissue to the right corner of my upper lip . After convincing the man that i was ok, he drove off saying he felt sorry and i immediately answered no, i was sorry for causing any trouble .
 i tried to tell the locals to leave it alone, it is deadly... they laughed, ignored me and one immediately fished it back out with his hand . The moral of the story-  don't just blindly trust local guides- don't trust them, you can't trust your guide .
 An older lady is getting ready to enter the bus so i start moving my bags so that i can easily give her my seat . The lady loses her shit and starts screaming at me . She then goes \"look at you, devil worshiper! get out of my bus!\" She was wearing black so people actually agreed with her .
 My best friend from high school just recently started going to college . He took some time off since we graduated high school and finally got serious about college so i've been extremely happy and supportive that he decided to start taking classes . So this morning he snap chatted me and said \"yo first day of math\". He sent him back a snap video where he yelled, \"f*** math biotch!\" The professor heard the snap, got pissed, my friend started laughing and the prof knew it was him .
 After a year of deliberating, i finally decided to get a tattoo and got myself booked in . The day of the tat, i'm some weird combination of nervous (needle phobia and all) and excited . The first thing i think is \"oh, this doesn't hurt anywhere near as much as i expected, actually quite tolerable.\" 20 mins later, i feel a little woozy, so i ask the artist to stop, as soon as she does, my body goes into mega-wtf mode .
 The unfortunate thing for us was that the maaco $99 paint job didn't include a primer coat, and the spray painted decorations showed through, plain as day, after the paint job was finished . We had to pay, out of pocket, for them to respray the car with primer, and another coating because of our stupidity .
 The man was talking to a woman who i figured was around 55-60 years old and he looked about 25 or so . When he came up she was still getting items and i asked if he was paying for his mom's as well . well he gave me the most serious poker face i have ever seen and said to me \"that's my wife\". i must have turned as red as a fire engine while i calmly apologized and scanned my surroundings for any excuse to leave the area .
 Senior year i inherited an old ford ltd that was huge, canary yellow, and had a ford 351 \"cleveland\" v-8 . After a couple of days, my buddy and i decide that it's not salvageable, so let's use it to do a \"senior prank\" at our school . But after taking off the doors, we replaced them, without bolting them back on, and moved onto other things, forgetting about our brilliant plot .
 i am in a two day out of town training class for work and the training class is in one of those nicely manicured yet non descriptive office parks . i ordered a footlong ham and cheese, 2 cookies, bottled water and some chips . An hour later, i sensed a disturbance in my bowels as something...something evil...was trying to break free from its dark prison .
 The office just hired 6 new employees, and the boss was bringing them around for introductions . One of the new employees exclaimed \"so we're not good enough for a handshake!?\" Not knowing our past relationship, the other 5, not knowing our new coworkers, exclaimed \"So we're\u00a0not good enough to a handshake?\"
 i'm at work, and a browser based software is not working correctly in chrome anymore, but it works in ie. since chrome is infinitely better, i obviously want it to work . i wish i had explained it was from a bar conversation from last night with some friends about recent news of a freakishly large member on a mexican guy .
 A few friends were hanging out near the window at her class during recess, doing nothing special . She turned to the window, point to her ear while looking at me and mouths \"i can hear you\" i shit a brick. gravity starts pulling on my mouth, cheeks, eyes, eyes and mostly my heart dropped. i mean i was scared what was going to happen?
 For my second year of university, i moved in with my cousin's friends (jill, jane & joey) They were some of the best people i had met so far at university . Things progressed really well until jane began to get jealous of my friendship with jill and her behaviour towards me changed . After 3-4 months i lost my cool .
 On my last day on the job, i got a huge delivery list, maybe 30 people on it, and had to finish it in 1.5 hours (average house delivery is 2-3 minutes, houses are usually 3-5 minutes away) This is the night where there's accidents, traffic, people taking forever to answer the door etc. i text my boss this and say i'm going to be late and he goes \"unacceptable, get it done\"
 This happened last night during a fantasy football draft between coworkers . \"The eagles suck a bunch of little dicks,\" says one of the eagles fans . \"instant silence. boards go quiet for the remainder of the draft, with the exception of the occasional, \"i was going to draft him next\"
 i am a longtime u2 fan and have been looking forward to their most recent tour . i managed to find a ticket for the first night on viagogo, so happily clicked buy . The next day i had an acquaintance who offered me a ga ticket for same show, at cost-price . days before the show on friday, i get an email saying ticket is no longer available . and they offer me a \"restricted view\" ticket, highest tier, behind the stage - as a replacement .
 The adidas yeezy boosts releases like last week (22/08/15) so recently i was somehow lucky enough to get a pair! i instantly then paid via my debit card and checked my emails/bank balance and saw the money had gone through . The bank then told me i actually have minus - \u00a390! Adidas also admitted they made an error!
 A 21-year-old Italian student left with a broken laptop because of a software upgrade . The only source of income he has at the moment is to use his laptop to make money through video games . His parents did not share with him the fact that, taken away the tuition fee for his uni and general expenses for food, we are kinda broke .
 A video of easter eggs for android 4.4.0 kitkat, so i decided to try out the egg where i had to repeatedly had to tap on the software version bar thingy and hope i would get the result i wanted . When i tried to return to the home page by pressing the back button instead of the home button, it doesn't want to return . i then proceed to leave it alone for a bit and just walk away .
 It was a green light but no green arrow when i got to the turn for the street where his work is . Now i'm on the hook for maybe over $1000 (find out tomorrow how much the other guy is quoted for fixing his panels . i'm hoping that because he came away with mostly scratches on the front and a couple of slightly popped panels that he put back in place before he left .
 i'm usually doing school work the day it's due and pretty late in the day . i did all my research, cited my sources, everything was perfect, or so i thought . so i went and checked my grade this afternoon, and i failed, because my entire paper was one extremely long run on sentence. a 5 page paper and i didn't have a single period .
 Started going to college on the 20th at a really nice school . Turned out when you are starting class in the military, you have to first fill out a forum asking for permission to begin a degree program, then fill out another forum right before class starts to get approved for tuition assistance . Now instead of paying around $250 for fees and books, it's around $3000, due in full around october .
 Traffic was a nightmare on the way to work this morning from the wet roads and the occasional tree limb in the street . After a mile on backroad, i have to swerve to avoid a low hanging tree limb from the storm . When i start to drive forward, i notice that the truck isn't going anywhere, and there's mud slinging up all over the road. put the truck in 4wd... no luck. Luckily, a coworker was nearby and picked me up. The tow company told me it would be 2 hours. It took an extra hour and will cost me $350 to get it out tomorrow.
 The other weekend i was off camping with friends and to be clear off the hop i don't camp often and am by no means experienced with the outdoors yet somehow somehow somehow i was more prepared than my friends who frequently go on camping trips . The meal turned out great, serve out the food to everyone, washable and reuseable camping plates and cutlery one friend brought along with everything we need to bbq .
 Some of my friends dropped by to see me at the end of my lunch break . One of them started crying because of her dog's death . The tears started rolling down her face, followed by judgmental looks from customers passing by . One friend hugged her, \"can i hug you?\" \"yeah of course\"
 i have actually fainted from heat before, except this time i had the common sense to tell an adult, who then took me to the infirmary where i sat down, drank some water, and took the damn jacket off . when i finally made it to class, i was told that i got so pale i actually started turning green,g which i still can't believe .
 The story goes back a handful of years ago . The buyer was arrested after a carjacking someone in a grand am with a .45 pistol . He was seen doing it and followed by a good samaritan who called him in to the police . The story gets much deeper from there.. including leaving the country, smuggling cash, orgies, and a plot to assassinate a venezuelan gang member .
 i'm really into this girl. i have been for quite some time now. all of my friends have been bugging me for months telling me to make a move. i really wanted to, but i am a little shy and was kinda afraid to. so today we're hanging out. having a great time and couldn't be happier. so she needs to go early and says it's because she is going to get house decor. why? Because she is moving. well, i was wrong. She is moving across the country.
 i was in primary school in the midst of one of my favourite lessons, ict/it . My class and i were sitting in the computer room waiting to be let onto the computers (teacher liked to brief us for twenty minutes on what we are doing before allowing us to use the computers) i quickly rush onto the computer, keen to be in the seat of power . Two seconds later and the whole class is laughing and pointing at the wall behind me, what do i turn around and see projected on the wall in all its glory? that's right, \"lesbian penuses\" is sprawled across the wall .
 One of my friends, let's call him j, decided to play a game of risk against each other . His father filmed the game with a cell phone camera, and he fled with the camera . The game was about to end, but i don't think any of us have any plans on playing it again .
 At my school, the latin club(jcl) has the most financial assets and is the biggest of any club on campus . The club has so much money, we get tasked with throwing the school's winter formal and we often make it the second best dance of the year . i was the artistic commissioner and along with 3 other people, we were charged with completing all the artistic jobs including murals, banners, and advertisements for winter formal . After 2 weeks of brainstorming, i decided to draw a picture of leonardo dicaprio and this idea was widely received by my peers . The next day, i notice that my teacher looked angry and his teacher had gone from his
 The couple had a second car that was not able to be smogged, and they couldn't afford to pay for the necessary repairs . Luckily, we found someone who was willing to buy our useless car off us for $400 dollars, a godsend to us . The couple tried to jump start their new car, but it wouldn't start again . The battery was shot and we needed a new battery, and the alternator was shot too .
 i'm a busy guy, and i like to go to the gym after work, so i'll usually just take some old shirt and throw it in my backpack before heading out in the morning . The other night, i was \"feelin' myself\" in the more literal sense, had my gym clothes still on, and after the fact, i realized i got a little on my shirt .
 i was sitting in class, today actually, maybe 10 minutes ago and i say \"hi\" and do my most pleasant smile (that's not much by smiling standards) He replies \"what are you doing?\" i reply in a cheery voice \"brightening your day with a smile\" He responds \"it's already pretty sunny outside\" and goes back to his work .
 i agreed to post 50 fliers for my sister's choir for some money, but i completely forgot and ended up rushing out the door having only eaten a small bowl of cereal and gotten very inadequate sleep . Four hours later, i was on my way home and only able to eat a banana and a bottle of oj in that entire time period . It was almost 30 degrees c today and above 30 with humidity (toronto sucks in the summer)
 A mentally disabled man was running a section of a local grocery store when he was late for a few minutes late . The man was always courteous to the customer and was doing the best with the hand life has dealt them . After hearing a commotion, i decided to stick up for dale . After a 30-40 second tirade on this guy for making a big deal over five minutes he calmly said \"actually, it is 11:05. he's a hour late. did you forget about daylight saving time?\"
 i'm proud to say that within 5 minutes, we are already joking and laughing about how convenient the chalkboard was and how it was movie-like . i pretend to play it off as being in your birthday suit when you are alone. i start saying \"dude you never been naked alone in your own home before?\"
 The night before i was on pornhub on my phone taking care of business but as soon as i finished fell asleep and forgot to close it . When she opened safari on his phone all she saw was porn, porn everywhere . All she said was \"i know you're embarrassed and thats exactly why this is so fucking funny\"
 A college student was stuck on a rural road with no food or survival kit or anything to help . The snow was hard and packed down and his trusty subaru,  which has never been stuck in the 3+ years i've had it, could make it . Fortunately, the wheels of the car stopped moving and the wheels started spinning .
 i was at work today and as a dishwasher, i am normally busy. i try to go as fast as i can because nothing is worse than having to stay late washing dishes. i have worked at my local catering company for a few months now and i have really gotten to know everyone. apparently, word comes to me that the owners' parents have come into town and are in the building . well, the owners aren't american, they are armenian which is middle eastern .
 My grandma visits the emergency room more casually than most people visit starbucks . She has dementia and something causing her to pass more gas than the keystone oil pipeline . i wouldn\u2019t be surprised if she occasionally breaks the sound barrier in her underpants . After she finally left my grandma told me to \u201cget the farts out.\u201d
 Aged 9 or 10, i was playing soccer with two of my neighbors . The meaner of the two was taunting me because he didn't think i would be all that good . He took a shot and i didn't let it get past me. that repeats a couple of more times and then one of them takes a shot to the side .
 After a year or so of little to no communication, a girl started sending flirty messages . She invited him round to her house to help her bake cupcakes for a party she was throwing for her younger brother the following day . Her boyfriend was in the other room watching a movie and she started putting icing on his face and licks it off his neck . i was so shocked at this i had no idea what to do .
 i was a senior in high school and i was cheating on my girlfriend at my friend's mother's house while she and her boyfriend were away in mexico on vacation for two weeks . i was cutting school left and right to get my dick wet and keep it that way, and while there would be hell to pay down the road, i do confess, for that brief window of time; my dick was mad happier than a mad hatter .
 This was actually a realization at 2 am taking a shit, so it is a tifu. \u00a0receive\u00a0a picture of her with some guy who popped up in some of the snaps she sent me titled 'couple time!' and yeah. im actually quite pissed. i haven't done anything other then deleting her from snapchat. i really don't know what to do, but i probably wont do anything since it would be a waste of my effort .
 Gff and i were fooling around yesterday after we got high, and we were about to do it when she notices she is bleeding . i wash my junk with a washcloth, blood was a little thick and chunky, and all is fine and dandy . Today, she is no longer bleeding . She started bleeding only after she got sharp stomach pains .
 A college student was playing video games in a dorm room when he almost burned his noodles . The noodles caught fire in the microwave, but there were no spills and, thankfully, there was no more fire . The fire burned a bit of the plastic, but the noodles were not burned .
 An actual fuck-up that happened on the day itself? yup . i was casually watching my anime. one piece in this case, having paused it to grab a new bottle of coke(coca cola). As i resume the series i take a few huge sips from the bottle while watching, i hold in my laugh to finish what i have in my mouth and stupid me decides to take another huge sip . The result: my laptop is sticky as i'm cleaning it as much as possible .
 While doing some late night internet browsing i suddenly feel a powerful urge to take a shit . i flushed and went back to my browsing . The next morning i got to the bathroom and see the product of my late night visit looking back at me. i figure i forgot to flush and pee and go flush and go out. The next day i flush again and find something must be wrong with the toilet . My dad tells me of the horrible news. It was not the toilets pluming that was at fault, it was mine .
 This story is from a respected medical professional providing direct patient care . The writer had been recovering from the flu and had some lunch time caffeine . He decided to use the toilet at the lunch spot, in favor of using the one at his office . Luckily, the office admin with the key to the front door gets back from lunch . He asked if he could use the bathroom of a neighboring doctor's office, but it was locked from our side .
 Long time lurker, first ever post so i apologize for the errors . i've always had my reservations about getting with loose girls but alcohol has already moved my penis to my brain and i'm ready to get the train rolling . Things started heating up and eventually we get to the sexy time... except i decided to go back to the party without sealing the deal . i don't see her again after i leave the room after the party broke up, i had a friend take me home, and that was that . Her father then proceeds to chew me out for the next 20 minutes .
 The fu took place in september of 2014 . My boyfriend and i had been in a long distance relationship for about two months, and i was visiting him for a week . i tend to dream about random things, and that night, i dreamt of sitting down on the ground to pee (i usually get up to use the bathroom in the early morning) When i finally forced myself to wake up, i could feel myself peeing and that the liquid was spreading through my underwear .
 When i was 13 i discovered masturbation and i'm talking at least twice a day.  whenever my parents were out. in my room with a lingerie catalogue.  it was out of control. This was the 90s kids, so no dvds, just like 20 vhs tapes of all sorts of shit.
 An older hispanic hispanic lady in her 60s accidentally ate a thc-infused chocolate bar . The bar was sectioned off in 12, meaning she ate 12x a regular dose of thc . The chocolate bar was a freebie from a dispensary i got a couple months ago that i left lying around .
 i have three kids, little boys, who say and act and do the most stupid, crazy ass shit on a daily basis . i like that my kids are exposed to the different cultures out there, and i just tell them how we are all equal . My oldest brother, 10, comes home saying very racist things . His 5th grader comes home with \"mom, my friends say that they are the better race\"
 At work i forgot to give a courtesy flush at work because i'm so into the updates and comments . The toilet just laughed and then probably puked my poop out. Had to mop up my poop water. The customer wasn't even there when i was done. This job is so shitty.
 i'm too afraid to leave my room now and i don't think i can ever look at my mom again, fml reddit.com . i started shouting for her to get out and she throws back the jizz wad and apologizes and quickly leaves me in pure horror and disgust .
 The 21st january 2015 was birthday . i went out that night and met some of my close friends . we did nothing special since it was in the middle of the week, so not a good day to party . i decided to arrange something for the 23th, so i bought a bunch of booze and went out with friends to get insanely drunk . The plan worked perfectly: by 1 o' clock i was so drunk i could barely stand .
 Three years ago, my cousin invited me to participate at regionals at anaheim to play yugioh . It was my first and last regionals i have ever went to. regionals is a tournament where people from that region compete for prizes. only  the top 8 would receive prizes. not one of us ended up winning top 8, but we ended up having a fun day. i didn't wash my hands after all that and i am usually a clean person .
 His cousin (call her sally) lost her husband a while back, then just lost her mother in early december . The funeral ends up being the day after our family christmas . As it comes to a close, we all come up to the front and give our condolences to sally, her brother, other daughter and others .
 i stopped believing in the church when i was about 16, but because of societal pressures, i never told anyone . Some days i feel like i just want to say fuck everything and tell everyone i will leave the church, and start a new life with new friends, and if my family decides to abandon me, then at least i still have my brother . i didn't plan to date a mormon girl this entire time .
 The curious dog has a habit of opening doors that aren't fully shut and by doing this she locks herself in . Today i didn't shut my door properly while out and about and i came home to her in my room with the bin on the floor . i immediately noticed the lack of cum stained tissues....she had eaten my cum the dirty bitch .
 A horny 16-year-old boy decided to try toothpaste as a lube for his nether regions . After about the first 30 seconds, it wasn't a half bad feeling, but then it set it on fire . i sat in my bathroom for the next 10 minutes holding my poor penis in agony . after the pain was gone, i returned to my bedroom, put my clothes back on, and promptly went to sleep .
 After school, i developed a habit of going back home after school and jerking it off every single weak . The sounds were weird aswell and the speakers were on full volume . i hear the voice of my mother coming from my bed saying 'i'm not cleaning that up later'
 The story goes back to the original version of this article in this week's iReporter's weekly feature . This week we asked the author to share his own version of the story of an attack on a man in his sleep . The author says he was attacked in his bed by a shadowy figure in his bedroom at 2 a.m. He says he is not a violent man but sometimes thinks about how he would beat people up .
 The story is a story from a young boy who was in a relationship with a girl who broke up with him when he was a virgins . After a month away from each other, the temperature rose quickly when they saw each other again . In front of her grandfather and her mother, they were confronted by her grandfather . The grandfather started raging, exited the kitchen, and went to his library . At this point i'm thinking, bitch is dead, my boner just murdered its first victim .
 18m and 18m black/hispanic but i am a very derpy person . i have been a lurker for the longest time, and recently my friend reminded me of a fu i had not to long ago . i thought this guy was either hurt really bad and was trying to get my help or he was faking it and he was going to pull out a gun .
 In early 2000, i was washing clothes at a laundromat and left to run errands . i returned to discover someone had knocked over my liquid detergent into my already finished washing machine . Fast forward to august 26, 2000. i took a trip to see friends in hershey and decided to go on a water ride . One of my friends got drenched while only my lap got wet .
 A few years ago i was in the midst of jury duty duty duty in New York City . After a few hours of trying to get dressed up, the urge to poo started to grow up . Luckily for me, my mom left extra coffee in the pot and i drank it in a to-go mug .
 i have a dog and when we got our new security system we had an extra camera so we put it inside so we could have fun and see what our crazy dog does all day . well, they logged into a live feed of me jerking it on the couch... she said she closed it as fast as possible and said nothing .
 Back in september i took in a stray kitten . She's now five months old and has claws of death . She mrowed weirdly in response, and i ignored her, picked up a paw, and watched her squirm away before i could get the trimmer near her claws . She started moving around in a goofy half-crouch, like she couldn't stand up properly .
 The smell of dog poop was so bad i decided to tie a scarf around the bottom half of my face to prevent the smell from getting to me to badly . i threw up, with the scarf still wrapped around my mouth and nose . needless to say it backfired. i also got a fair share of puke on my poor dog .
 My best friend (let's call her d) and i have been quite close over the past 4 years and while camping with her and her family, i finally broke out of the friendzone . The thing is that the tent we were in not only had us in it - her brother was in there too . We kept quiet because of other tents around us as well as not wanting to wake his brother .
 Last night i was messing around with linux on a dual boot(two operating systems on one computer) when i started getting tired, so shut down my computer, took a shower, and went to bed . i managed to fall asleep relatively quickly, and by 1:45 am was sleeping like a baby . Now i am operating on one hour of sleep until tonight .
 i've been spending an inordinate amount of time in my university's library studying for my upcoming exams . i've never been the type to use public restrooms and i\u2019m proud to say that in my 13 year school life i never did a \u2018school poo\u2019, unless you count shitting myself in year one . i weighed my options and after i realised holding it in was no longer one of them, they boiled down to two broad tactics, walking all the way home to poo in peace, losing my desk in the process .
 It was a friday night, and i was out at a party getting hammered and blazin . The next morning at 8 am i am awoken from my slumber by my friend knocking at my door . i said 'fucking up' to make it through practice so coach wouldn't get mad . halfway through, the pain was unbearable, i couldn't take it anymore . so i told coach i had to go shit. Dropped his pants and unleashed a mountain of shit into the trash can right next to the door . The janitor had made his discovery . that poor poor custodian .
 After relocating to a new city, i finally landed a great job after 3 months of unemployment & abject poverty . The first day on the new job, i meet with my boss. she has very short hair, almost a crewcut, wears no makeup, and walks & talks like a man . She also has a picture on her desk of herself and another woman, having dinner and smiling for the camera, cheek-to-cheek. she's obviously gay, and that's her girlfriend .
 Not five minutes ago, i was reading the [father/daughter internet history fuck up] with my partner sitting on the couch next to me . He looked at my phone to see what i was commenting on, but he only skimmed over the post . The expression on his face quickly made me realise he hadn't heard me laugh . Unfortunately for me, so didn't hear the chuckle, only the \"beautiful\"
 18 female here. \"i have pussy warts for life. i am so frickin pissed at him right now. i don't even know if i should leave him because it's my fault for letting him go near there. If i leave him no one is ever going to date me because i have herpes. i know it's not the end of the world theres just a lot going on down there right now.\"
 Tifu mistook a pen lid under my desk for a dog poop . My dog was happily sleeping on my bed when i looked down after a smelled a smelly smell from said dog . i then ran outside to do the cuddle of sorry-ness to my dog in hopes that she did no longer hate me .
 My father has always been a fan of dad jokes, even since i was a kid . He has become accustomed to the onslaught of jokes that he makes whenever we go somewhere together . These jokes can go on for up to 10 minutes at a time . He makes jokes that belong to r/dadjokes .
 There was a porn site link that was spreaded through my class . i didn't realize at the time what porn was, but i knew that redtube is a website that children shouldn't visit . A few days after i heard of the website, the naive me decided to prank my librarian, whom i am quite close with . i told her if she would like to go to a classical music website, and it works just like youtube. The very next day, i was called to the principal office. apparently the librarian reported my prank to the authority .
 A 20-year-old phone sex operator from a website that route your calls to your cell phone . The caller never sees your real cell number, just the 1-800 number on your profile . The call includes verbal humiliation and punishment and making the guy on the other end of the phone do terrible things to himself .
 The man was following me home from a night out drinking and clubbing . He asked me if i ate and would like to eat out with him but i politely said \"no thank you\". He then suddenly starts wacking himself in the head screaming \"stupid me stupid me\" He said he's from peru and that he lives at bm with his sister and brother in law . He then said he cannot speak proper english and if i knew some spanish, i replied \"no, no thank you\"
 This happened a couple of weeks ago, only now do i feel like posting it . Some retail chains are a bunch of cheap-asses, and won't build an employee-only toilet . The toilet seat suddenly slips out of under me, crushing my left nut between it and the porcelain .
 A few months ago, a young man's parents took him to the repair shop for maintenance on his car . His parents decided to take the car, and not wake him up, so they gutted everything from the car . The next day, his parents text him saying they found his condoms under the car's center console . They told him to dispose of them, and he hid them under the center console of his car, with 2/3 of them missing . The conversation lasted 3 hours .
 The story goes back to a young mexican frat boy who lived in the us on the border with mexico . He was 23 at the time of this story . The story is about a drunken encounter with a police officer who watched him having sex with a girl in a bar .
 Well i had been living with my current wife two years when i met this girl, not as cute as my wife but we shared so many things that we came very close, needless to say that my wife wasn't very thrilled about our more than friendly relation . After we got married my wife went crazy about my friendship with this girl so i stopped all contact with her . 5 years later and my marriage hasn't been the best, i dont share my wife's point of view on many things and every time we talk about something serious we end up arguing .
 my friend's cat just died and he's been really upset about it so i decided i should try to do something nice for him . He's a ridiculously picky eater and only eats like 3 things, one of which is peanut butter . The only peanut butter he likes is the reese's peanut butter peanut butter, which they just recently stopped selling in our area .
 i was going to change into my last pair of contacts today, i took out the old ones, and as per usual, tossed them into the toilet . i opened one lens and put it in fine, but when i went to put in the other, i realized there was a puncture in the little foil cover . all the solution had leaked out, leaving my remaining lens a dried-up, crackled, unusable mess .
 A breadmaker failed to rise in the breadmaker, and i immediately terminated the bread . One of the dogs pooped overnight, and maddie, who is neurotic and afraid of messes, will eat them . She barfed up an enormous pile of white dough all over the bed and the bed .
 A year ago, i was out at the bar with a buddy trying to take home some fine piece of ass . It was a country bar and i hate country music. so i got drunk. i spotted this girl, she was fucking gorgeous. i decided i was gonna take her home. Things get heated, she's sucking on my d. d. then it happens. Those fingers entered my asshole. i was almost certain she/he was going to wip out a dick or something so i fucking booked it home. i ran 8 blocks home. My parents were awake watching a movie. they asked me how my night was, and why i was sweating and out of breath. i said some
 This is the story of a relationship with a woman who looks like her younger sister . The story goes back a year ago . The relationship is serious and important to our lives . The writer's relationship with his girlfriend is very serious . He says that she looks a little like his mom .
 i live in south florida with no car, i walk a whole fucking lot to save money from bus fare . When i started a mini jog bam. leg cramp. bad one . i told her i got a cramp, she said nothing and just walked back to the bus .
 This is the story of an incident that happened in New York City last year . The story goes back to when i was trying to get my gf to the train and back on the way home from a night out with her . After dropping his pants, i let go of the most vile, gigantic shit i have ever taken right onto the ground .
,
, [{"summary_text": " An accident at the gym resulted in severely and rapidly bending my back . A doctor referred him to the emergency department of the local hospital . He was put in a collar and made to lie flat on a bed while waiting in line for an x-ray and ct scan . A nurse in their early/mid 20s with perfect skin, a cute face and beautiful brown eyes said: \"you put your penis in here. you can use the blanket to cover up if you want some privacy\"
 Around freshman year of highschool i basically decided i was no longer religious, however, i went a little extreme with the whole thing . i set my email as a normal address (thankfully) but for some reason decided my name should be \"jesus christ\". i was a goddamn idiot .
 The student section of the student section at a basketball game in a small school is known for being good at sports but not strong in the academics . The game was really close, and the game was very close . At half time, we were up by a couple of buckets and sarah and i continued talking . i have convinced myself that she is totally into me, and with all the confidence i have, i lean forward to kiss her in pure ecstasy .
 i received an inbound call (call coming in just in case) and our system doesn't tell is who's ringing is so we open the call like this: \"hello you're through to 'insert name' at 'insert company.' can i please take your file reference number please?' The call had some guy go ape shit crazy. He shouted \"i want your company to stop calling me. i don't want to pay for my license now piss off\"
 Pregnant wife is pregnant and has a very bad case of the flu so she can not take anything for it . This happened between christmas and new years 2014 . Cat's litter box exploded as one of out cats terrified at the sound of the compressor and the shaking and loud noise of me running down the stairs .
 Its my last night at home before my train tomorrow, and i decided to wash all the clothes i brought with me (only had one small piece of luggage so it could all fit) so im in the basement, keeping an eye on the two dogs since im down there anyways and so they dont have to go in their kennels yet . felt a little wierd being naked around animals but whatever, they're naked too i told myself .
 The principal walks over to a friend and asks, \"sharehappyness did you try to kiss felicia against her will?\" The principal didn't totally believe my friend and i because the possibility that a girl would be the aggressor and act so frivolously was just incomprehensible to him . Thankfully, all he did was just tell us not to do it again, and walked away with him .
 i work at a big retail store in the u.s., i won't say where but for those who do work there, you'll know what store i'm talking about in the story . For those who don't code 8 is called when we get someone who's causing a big scene or is caught stealing, we kick them out of the store . i chased a thief we'll call 8 and grabbed him and pushed him into a car . i literally cannot physics and spray it. it hits 8, i see him stop and rub his eyes. i feel my eyes start to burn and my lips tingle. i call bull and say it's ours.
 After some wonderful foreplay and the removal of clothes he say to me, \"close your eyes, i want to try something new.\" But in my stupid aroused mind i heard, \"i want to . try some lube\" so there i am, laying down with my eyes closed when i feel it. his penis touched my face.  He didn't think it was funny at all .
 i think, i pinched a nerve or pinched my shoulder muscle with my shoulder blade . Getting up off a couch, taking clothes off and driving a stick shift is extremely pain with a gimpy right shoulder . i'm stuck to being a lazy bum, with a majority of my hobbies being completely thrown out the window for a few days .
 It's more of me listening to them talk to each other than talk to me . \"why don't you buy a house?!\" is the question . \"you should really own a house though. back in the 60s when i bought my house it was only a nickel\"
 i forgot to pack a certain product and though i work at a grocery store and there are feminine products available,  i left my wallet at my family's house which is an hour and half away . not to mention that i don't have a car -_-\" i forgot a certain item and  i'm not always prepared .
 A friend invited me to a movie night and hang out with a group of new friends . After the movie was over, i made a reference to the movie charlotte's web, with the pig and the spider . As we were about to leave, i looked her right in the eyes, smiled knowingly, and said rather loudly: \"what a pig\"
 When i got a random text at 3:17 am from my friend after she had gone to bed an hour earlier, my brain immediately does what it does best and overthinks it and i start to worry and think the worst case scenario . i then begin to drive over there and on the way i call and text her repeatedly trying to get ahold of her repeatedly . i arrive to a house with no lights on. i can't sit in front of her house though because if anyone in the house sees my lights and she was okay it would cause problems . i wait until 4:30 am calling and texting her making a total of 40 calls/texts and at this point honestly thinking she
 i have a number of friends who will not stop posting baby photos to social media . One such friend posted a few photos of her daughter with a r2d2 backpack . i couldn't help but like and comment on the photos . i got a pm shortly after from her mom saying, \"[talsiran], her name is iris, not isis.  edit it please; we don't need anyone thinking my toddler is a terrorist.\"
 Last night the wife asked me if i could have any other woman in the world who it would be. out of nowhere . Obviously i was like... 'i only want you' but she wasnt having any of it. She was having an exact copy of my wife - her twin sister .
 i was more embarrassed than i had been in my whole life when i had trapped wind. i had a painful fart that i couldn't get out. i didn't want to seem weird by being gone too long so i started to rack his brain to think of ways i could get the terrific stink bomb out of my poop tube. i remembered as a young boy my parents told my to lie flat on your back, lift your legs open in the air, and pull them close to your body then away, until an imaginary knife came along and cut the cheese. so i proceeded to do that. i removed my pants and removed my shirt because if you're going to do something naked, you may
 The god of the hunt called upon me to aid him in his upcoming endeavor(my gaming buddy called me on skype) before i could finish attaching the poster to my wall . i ended up leaving the screws in the poster and putting it next to my bed to remind myself to hang it up after i shrekt some filthy casuals in cs:go . Later, after the merciless slaughter of countless terrorists, i realized that my light was still on so i started towards the light switch but i suddenly dropped harder than a ct who got brained by an awp .
 i'm officially retarded. i have court 3 days and last night i drank a 6 pack and got pretty hammered . If i get drug tested at court i don't know what is gonna happen but i'm almost certain i will have my first experience in jail. i'm only 19 and i'm pretty afraid of what's gonna happen immediately after smoking i knew i screwed up.
 An intern/work-study campus at one of the departments and i go on mail runs twice a day to pick up packages for the other employees . The last person in line was a girl who was the most gorgeous being i have ever laid my undeserving eyes upon . She turns to me and gives me the most beautiful smile, i literally felt my heart stop .
 i don't have a tifu for you, and now people are going to hate me for lying about having a tfu, and thus my tfouu . I'm sorry for lying, and I'm not sure what I really want to say, but I don't know what it means .
 i thought letting a little air get out was a good strategy to deal with it . i trusted a fart, biggest mistake ever . i ran as fast as i could (remember: while having sh*t in my pants) behind some bushes and let it all out .
 Around late may, one of my friends sent me one of those \"*reply now and re-send to 5 of your friends to be blessed by angels and meet the love of your life*\" chain texts . i though nothing of it until 3 more of his friends sent him the same text . i reply to those friends... *or so i thought*i send it back to not only those 4 friends, but i sent it as a mass text to everyone on my contacts . my contacts include, but not limited to, mom, dad, my **boss**, this girl i liked and asked out (lets call her madison)
 i bought a pair of cheap headphones a while ago but my girlfriend's cat chewed through the wires . she said i could have her really expensive noise cancelling headphones. she made me swear i would keep them out of the cat's reach and put them back away in a pouch after every single time i used them.of course i didn't. i absentmindedly left them on the coffee table one day when i went to do something else one day .
 i pulled into my driveway to find a cat trotting through the yard with a bird in it's mouth . The bird had two obviously broken wings, a broken leg, and several bloody cat canine puncture wounds . My kids (7 & 9) were with me and wanted to know what to do, so i called my husband . He said the poor thing was in pain and suffering and would likely die so i should put it out of it's misery...  i was reluctant, because i don't want to kill a freaking baby bird i just rescued from a cat!
 i decided since it was a weekend, and i had been eating pretty healthy all week, i would go to an all-you-can-eat buffet . google maps the nearest \"golden corral\" (a popular american buffet) but i was determined to be a fatass so i got in my car and started driving . i'm talking broken dirt roads, cow pastures, shotgun peppered road signs, people riding by on dirtbikes, the whole works .
 A man offered to buy a $220 xbox 360 for $200 . He took out a bank envelope with some money in it, leaving 2 crisp $100 bills in the envelope . The bills were obviously fake, but the paper wasn't right, and there were none of the details that would be noticeable in the light .
 my license was due to be suspended in july, when i picked up the letter in the end of may i read that it was due on the 27th of july . fast forward to the day of, where i'm making arrangements to surrender my license and discover i've been driving illegally since the 13th .
 For the past month and a half i've been sending emails to my fellow co-workers with my supposed to be professional email (uses my real name). i also use this email for youtube . i check my business email today and it shoes my youtube alias \"m takada\" as a recipient instead of my name .
 My girlfriend broke two teeth when she tried to kill a wild bear in a video game . She had flashbacks of her own horse that died a similar way, a few years ago . She broke her teeth after she killed the bear and killed a wild cougar in a game of self-defense .
 The cost of a workout program was $29 if i wasn't on drugs turned into $110 while i was on drugs . i bought the base program, a nutrition plan, a customized nutrition plan and an expansion pack for the program, and then bought an additional program that happened to be the expansion pack .
 So i as joking around with my friend like we always do, i send him a text about how i'm going to defile someone from his family and he text's back with something funnier . except on this occasion i accidently text back this girl that i had been working really hard to get and what i text her was \"i am going to spit on your nannies putrid and unforgiving fart pipe while she gives me a gummer\" tried telling her it was sent to the wrong person, never heard back :/
 This is one of my most embarrassing teaching moments . \"Pics or it didn't happen\" is reddit's version of, \"hey girl, bet you can't touch your elbows together behind your back\" The last student out of the classroom just said, \"blue is a good choice.\"
 i went to a camp for five days, and obviously at camp you have to put sunscreen on . i did it the first day, and then i just forgot to put it on . at the end of it, it looked like i had kylie jenner's lips because they were sunburned and chapped, and elmo's nose .
 i'm kicking myself for being such a loose lips lucy. this literally just happened . i'm changing jobs, long story short my current role is just not what i was sold, my boss is incredibly difficult to work with and bullying me until i feel sick with worry everyday . She's also in a very senior position - almost untouchable .
 An icu nurse asked about the effects of propofol if someone were to drink it, but no one had looked into this . The nurse thought that poison control would be able to answer her questions . She called poison control and asked if she was suicidal or if anyone else was involved or if i was planning something .
 Me and my bro had a goldfish each, and my mother had decided to clean out the goldfish tank using milton (stuff used to sterilize things) and put the fish in a small bowl while it cleaned in the kitchen . Five minutes later i hear my mother shouting me from the kitchen to which i arrive to a scene of two goldfish dead in the tank .
 The top parts of electronic cigarettes are often referred to as \"heads\" (actually called clearomizers/tanks) The top part of electronic cigarette are often called \"heads\", and the top parts are often known as \"clearomizers\" or \"head tanks\" The top of the top of a head is said to be a clearomizer, but the top is actually a clear tank .
 An inexperienced delivery driver had to reverse his way out of a parking space . His car was embedded in the bumper of a van parked 2-3 meters behind him and another car right next to it, and another one a few meters behind the van . Luckily, i grew a pair of balls to pull ahead a tiny bit, get out of the car and inspect the damage . After getting out of parking lot with the help of almost five people, i scattered back to work .
 My sister and i (both 17) have bees staying at a resort the past few days, and we noticed that you could always hear frogs when walking by a particular stream . Last night was our last night there, so sis says, \"hey! let's try and catch one!\" we turn on our iphone flashlights and went to work catching them turned out to be pretty easy . A rowdy group of 20 something's came straight from the bar, and they're like, \"omg you caught one!\"
 i had just finished putting canned food onto the paper plates to feed the cats . Flower, my second youngest cat, always waits on the scratching post right next to the counter . i turned to give her the plate, just like every other day, but this time i accidentally hit her in the face .
 Before heading to work i made oatmeal on the stove (trying to stay away from preservatives found in the instant stuff) after i poured the food into the bowl it needed to cool down a bit so i set it on the table and decided to play with the cats . i reach for one of the cat toys that acts like a whip which they love to swipe at. while flinging it back and forth it went just high enough to clip the fan .
 This is actually happened on saturday . i was running extremely low on eggs and i had to make sure we had some for sunday breakfast . I was walking a nice, casual walk, with my keys in hand, spinning said keys around my fingers . just then, as if the gods decided i was having too good of a time, my keys flew off finger and i watched as it was falling straight for a sewer grate! i took one giant step forward and kicked my keys mid air, as to divert them from landing in the sewer grate . The keys struck a child, about knee high, walking with his mom .
 This is my first tifu post after being a long time lurker here . I am a straight man, but have nothing against gay men . I was invited to a birthday party from my good friend . He is not straight and already has a partner but he is very nice and friendly .
 In so many past relationships i have been cheated on, and now that im pregnant with my fiances child, im even more afraid he will either cheat or leave...i got on google and his account was logged in...i went looking for ways of removing his cellular device from mygmail account . Now i am completely hurt and confused and seriously broken. i really love this man with all my heart and soul...and im carrying his child..
 A few years ago i was working as a runner/driver for an australian based concert promoter . I was working on the sydney leg of springsteen's tour and was out the back of his hotel waiting for his security guys to show . The pressure not to screw up rose significantly . The boss was crammed seatless against the sliding door, very cramped yet uncomplaining .
 The writer's girlfriend's family has a huge love for animals, as so do i. They have a pug, two cats, 4 birds, a rabbit... my gf got the rabbit, binky, recently . My sister begged and begged her mom into giving her a pet... she's 11 years old by the way . When i took the sister's hamster out, it booted out of my hands, making a run for it and next thing i see is my sister and the evil cat .
 This is the story of a young woman's struggle to walk on stage after tripping on the way to a wrestling ring . The story follows the struggles of a student and a woman in her theatre class . The writer has been in a cast for over two months and has no weight bearing capacity in her right foot .
 An anonymous employee brought in a cicada husk to work and then left it to surprise the next person who works in that cubicle . The husk is brown, wrinkly, split right down the back, and depending on your perspective, it's either fascinating or disgusting .
 i was in epcot resort in disneyworld a few weeks ago looking around the gift shop for a nice souvenir . i didn't see this until i was halfway done in my line with about 5 people left, all only kids and their parents . After they're done checking out, i walk up to the 2nd register and proceed to give the cashier my souvenirs . She then politely told me that the two lines merge into one . i say sorry and go back to the end of the real line .
 The moment i saw her boobs i just thought, \"wtf are you doing, she's your best friend, stawp\" so i hid the skype window out of sight until i knew she was done . The next day she wakes up and apparently the only thing she remembers is that she changed in front of me . She realized this cus she read the conversation we had after i got off my computer .
 The girl in question is actually my best friend's little sister (by one year) we've known each other since high school . We went on a few dates in high school, but at the time, she had a boyfriend, so i ended up wussing out . She left the area for a while to go live in texas, but after talking to her brother, i knew she would be coming back .
 There happens to be a dunk take at an outdoor game bar . The shot girl who will be referred to as jane starts casual conversation \"hey hi are you how have you been\" i start putting on my game and eventually jane has to go sell shots . After she gets done, i get her number and i think she's feeling it .
 The night before the 4th of july, i decided to make my dads s5 into something much more usable . My dad threatened to kill me not once but twice . His friends have all contacted me separately and told me i should apologize and make up for what i did to him .
 The story is a tale of a young man's first encounter with a woman in a brothel . The man's experience was described as \"a day of many firsts, as you will soon see, dear reader . The story goes back to the original version of this article here .
 The door wouldn't open because of the ice on the door in the winter . The door was stuck in ice and couldn't get it to open . The solution was to use rubbing alcohol to ease the door . The wife came to the rescue to open the door for the first time .
 A new italian restaurant in scottsdale has a yellow ferrari on the patio . The food was great, but plentiful and neither of us could finish italian leftovers . The busboy came by and asked if we wanted leftovers in a box for you so you don't have to do extra work (and more tip) i asked for just one box. my girlfriend apparently mumbled, \"so we can just put them together?\"
 i'm the fellow who runs all over the store to help you folk load up your heavy objects in to your vehicle, give you a hand or when you're feeling lazy/entitled . The main source of communication is a simple walkie talkie between me and the numerous cashiers that need help . She got awfully close to me a few times and rubbed up against me, but i thought nothing of it as we were working on machinery .
 An 18-year-old man was punched by his girlfriend at a friend's grad party . He threw a bottle of water at her friend, and she crumbled . Her dad called him a \"fucking pig never speak to her again\" after the fight . The father doesn't believe me, he doesn't drink because i was the daugher for the now ex .
 i work in a grocery store bakery and at night before closers can leave we have to check out with a manager . i checked out and he asked me to fix a few things before i went home . while i was fixing them i got a call from my bf. he is a few states away for school and due for surgery . While i was talking to him, my manager walks up and motions for me to hang up and he looked really pissed . so i hung up, finished my stuff and got myself out.   Im terrified im going to walk into a write up tomorrow...
 The 6ft 3\" man elbowed a woman below him in the grocery store . He apologized profusely and high tailed the fuck out of there, crushing almonds below his feet . It looks like he won't be returning to that whole foods ever again .
 A 50ml bottle of jack daniels tennessee fire was given to us at a beer store . It poured... all over my uncovered vagina.   \u00a0apologetic\u00a0and i fail to realize that i didn't put the cap back on the bottle and set it on my lap to answer a text message .
 i started to make dinner for the three of us and everything was going well, i boiled the corn on the cob, made mac and cheese, slightly burnt the sausage and caught a little crap . i moved the dish to the stove top, warmed the rolls and we started getting the plates filled up... then bang! glass everywhere, there was a burner left on and the glass cake dish exploded . The cake then catches fire and the shrapnel cut her dad's leg .
 The heat hits you in the face with a snow shovel, it's like someone coming out of nowhere and hitting you with a snowball . The pain is so intense that i vomited in the toilet . i asked my cousin to bring me tums, and i ate about 30 of them . My cousin said its the hottest one he'd ate to date .
 A friend set up dinner and tickets to the wwe summer slam tour for a bunch of their friends, with most people going to dinner, and only a few of us going to wwe . She planned everything, and even stated how we were all to take uber to the restaurant and then from there to the sporting arena, which is about 15 miles away in a heavily traffic area, she said no, the point of uber was so everyone could get drunk, yet i have repeatedly told her, i have maybe 1 beer every two weeks .
 This happened earlier in the week, but i didn't have time to post until now . The best way to get rid of this stuff is to jump in a pool if you have one . The sensation in my groin felt like it had instantly turned into a cold rock hurtling through space .
 The manager of a department in a different department had a meltdown over his inability to \"get\" what it takes to work in my department . He was put in the other department to help him sort his head out and not lose hours of work . He had been teased (in good nature, i promise!!!!!) by *me, the manager of department p about how shitty of a job he was doing in *my* department was literally working in the different department .
 i have been using a shit laptop for gaming for 3 years and this weekend was the weekend where that was coming to a end . i had finally saved enough money for a pc and was gifted some parts from a good friend of mine, one of those parts being a gtx titan . But he forgot the wrong screws for the fan to the card so i was stuck having my [fan] only connected to the graphics card by two power cords . The next day i went to home depot and looked for some screws and a ethernet cable, unfortunately they couldn't find screws that fit .
 i usually take a dump once and day, and it is always a struggle here . If i take a big poo it requires maybe 3 flushes which is just embarrassing . So naturally any chance i get to take a shit in peace and quiet, i leap at . But when i went to wipe there was like one sheet of toilet paper, and my ass was all shitty. so i stuck my ass over the sink and cleaned it with the tap .
 There's this girl who works the proshop at a golf course i play frequently who's quite attractive and seems pretty cool . i got home from work, hit the gym, then walk out to my car all hyped up ready to hit the course and then realize it's in my mom's car and she won't be back til late . The one time i leave my clubs out of my trunk all god-damned summer this happens .
 A couple of years ago, my step-mom was in cuba for a week, and my dad was in toronto for a business trip, and they left one of the cars behind (a 2002 saturn ion) The car crashed through the garage door and into the living room of my house . My dad is coming back from his business trip in less than 12 hours .
 A couple of people were potty training their daughter in the parking lot of a grocery store parking lot . A friend was joking with the family in a lighthearted way to let it be known that we weren't being judgemental . i thought it was a little weird, so i just gave my friend a look and we started putting the beer in the back of his truck . Without missing a beat, he said, \"we can help!\"
 i was a freshman in college, studying civil engineering (so i'm not the best at writing) i was taking a class where i had to write a research paper . My dad reviewed the paper and asked me if i plagiarized and of course i said no . He told me, unless i grew up in england, americans spell the word color (not colour)
 Last night i woke up for a piss, crept past my little girl's room and went to the toilet . i didn't flush so as not to wake her up and in my daugher's room i left the seat up . A few hours later he woke up to psychotic meowing and a piss soaked kitten running around the house .
,
, [{"summary_text": " This happened this morning . The girl thought she thought i said \"intercourse\" was \"nnnfcourse\" She was creeped out and told her manager and he blew it up from there . Luckily the security people and site manager know me pretty well and it all turned into a bit of a laugh. i still had to apologize to the girl though, but at least we've talked!
 This tifu actually happened like 10 years ago, but since me and my friends still joke about it 'til this day, i guess it's okay to share with ya'll . i drove up north to spend the holiday at my mothers place that year, and she had gotten me a santa claus-suit for me to use and give out a few presents to her best friends during the day . Later on i remembered that i had gotten a few of my friends a sweet card saying i miss them cause we don't see each other so often except for the holidays usually . They also all got supercool bottleopener rings for presents but thats not really part of the story .
 i bought a computer with 16gb of ram, a high end i5 processor with a good motherboard along with the gpu . When i first assembled it i missed the 2x 6 pin slots in the top of it and just plugged it in . The 6 pin connectors had been lost... and i tried everything including buying new connectors .
 A college student and his wife took a trip to visit his family across the country on a cheap greyhound bus . The couple never got their checked bag back and never got it back . The bags were left in a pile next to the unloading pile at a shady terminal . The contents of the bag would likely be valued at $3000 at today's price .
 i work in a call center with about ten other folks, most of them older than myself (i\u2019m 27) so for the week prior to the fuck up i had basically been bingeing on films . A coworker to my right asked me to watch a movie about a guy that cuts his arm off . The man i just offended was a good friend and confidant, but i felt the need to defend it .
 i woke up this morning with the immense need to shit, so i proceeded to the chamber of secrets to release the giant snake that had nested itself at the edge of my anus . i then pushed out 2 log sized pieces of fecal-matter into my toilet, and began my rationing of the napkin like a starving man with his final piece of bread for the week . After the first incision, my first thought was \"wow, this cuts really well like super soft cotton (which is exactly what it is)\"
 After christmas shopping gallor feels that this a bad idea, and pretty much tells her that she spends too much money on frivolous things . After some choice words i decide i'll just get out of the car, and take a nap while she shops . an hour later i wake up to a text message saying she is on her way to her house 4 hours away . i've been calling, and trying to change her mind for the past 24 hours to no avail.
 trivago is a website where you look for a hotel and compares prices from different websites . Expedia.com and trivago.com are sites where you compare prices and compare prices . trivago was used to book rooms for the last night of a stay at a hotel, but the room was not available .
 i have a horrible driving record, even lost my license and insurance due reckless driving that i didn't think was so serious . i slammed on my breaks, slid a little bit and then rear ended the car in front of me . i had to use all my over time money to buy another e30 parts car .
 long time lurker, first time poster. inspired by a couple of the other's on here . This happened around 18 months ago, when i was taking my as level exams. i noticed my name was spelt 'roshean' rather than 'roisin' but thought nothing of it, it was probably a clerical error .
 The author of a new book about the world's most famous book, \"I'm sure you can't wait to see if you want to read it\" She says she wants to see more of the book about how to make money from her book . The author says she is happy to see how much money she can afford to spend on a book .
 My girlfriend started a new job and had to be there at 8:00 am. she doesn't have a car so i had to wake up early to take her to work . As she was getting ready she kept complaining about how she couldn't get any sleep because of my snoring . she proceeds to put on a pair of pants that her sister gave her that were a size too small. as she's shimmying into these pants, and bitching, a loud *riiiip* occurs and she gasps . i lost it. memories of watching the ripped your pants episode of spongebob start racing through my brain .
 The author of a stand up poetry/slam poetry open mic was going through a panic attack . His mom was invited to be one of the judges for the slam competition . The promoter insisted that her perspective is valuable because the judges at the higher-level competitions will also be diverse .
 After some time i cried the wolf and asked her to call me asap. she just said \"what's up?\" instead of calling me. i asked her what she was doing over text, she said she was talking to other people over phone . i thought she wanted me to feel bad by showing less interest in me. so i tried to show that i was angry and said \"good night\" very early. Usually we chat till 1:30-2 in the morning, i was expected her and understand that i'm angry and say sorry. Instead she said \"Good night, take care\". i got angry and hit the floor with my phone in my hand. i broke the screen :(
 An awesome boxer mix mix is a little bit more trouble, but really not all that much of it . This is the story of an unfortunate incident that happened last night, not today, but close to the end of the day . The story is about a girl who was dog-sitting for a little extra money on the side .
 Each year, we buy toys for a children's charity to give to disadvantaged children . My partner and i were explaining the process to my 3yo little girl when she asked if she wanted some toys . The children's parents can't buy many toys for children whose parents don't have many toys .
 Microwrowrowers accidentally microwave a cup of soup in a travel mug . The cup fizzled in a fizzling similar to opening a soda, with a bunch of smaller bangs . After nearly blinding and shitting myself, i run out to find my microwave celebrating the fourth of july without me! rude.
 After being in the chive.. i always thought that hump day meant showing off your hump as in ass.. that's what i assumed.. but i just found out that today by thinking someone on here used it wrong and i was going to comment on that but i was thinking wait.. what if i'm the one who's wrong and been wrong about hump day all the time.. so i looked up hump day on google and got this http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=hump+day .
 A 15-year-old boy met a girl on 7cupsoftea on the social networking site 7 cups of tea . He developed a mini-crush on her, but then erased the feelings from his brain . She was a great person and i lost a great friend .
 i was really good friends w/a girl named tammy. we were not popular so we seemed to merge and became good friends. one day i decided to write her a really mean letter. i do not know why, she did nothing to upset me. any way. i have sabotaged a couple other relationships as i got older so i think i have some issues.
 Best friend and his brother are both tamil from south india and speak english better than 90% of americans . They are watching their dogs when they leave the family home for xmas . So, we get a phone call yesterday morning, his first day helping us out, and there are police here and they want to talk to you . Six cops had shown up in three vehicles with guns drawn . One of our dogs is a stone cold guard dog .
 i was reduced to a screaming, mucousy pile of patheticness on the kitchen floor at 1 in the morning in my underwear . hi dad. Hi dad. hi dad, hi dad . Hi dad, i'm on an odd sleep schedule so i'm going for some tea at 1am with a sore throat and cold body .
 The floor does not go to ground, but, plumbing does, so i allowed my pipes to carry a flow of both water and electrons, electrons that had taken the path of least resistance through yours truly first . And that was how i discovered that there was voltage in my light fixture until today .
 i have a similar story to a recent post here, but not quite as long as a 29 year one . Until i was about 10 i didn't realise this. everyone had called me sam all my life and that's how i had learned to write my name . i did however see the name samuel and started laughing as i had read it as if it was pronounced \"samool\"
 Last night, i decided to finally message the girl i like from school on facebook . She asked me if i knew a guy from our school, which seemed random, until she said \"he's my bf\" after that i was all confused and tired and somehow apologized to many times .
 i used to go to air cadets at the age of 14 and wasn't particularly popular in school and had near to no experience with girls . In particular i began talking to and getting closer to a girl there, she was a bit younger than me, 13 close to 14 - so about a years difference . One night we were talking and all of a sudden she was asking me all these questions like \"do you care about me?\", etc, etc... then obviously at this point (finally) it clicks, this girl likes me as more than friends . The only problem was that i really didn't feel the same, i mean i liked her as a friend but no more than that .
 A Brazilian man was arrested for a \"crime\" he did not commit . He was arrested in the side of someone who, according to the police guys, had just raped and murdered a woman . The incident happened four months ago in a local supermarket near where he and his friends live .
 i was at a friend's birthday dinner, we had burgers, took pictures yada yada. Finally it was time to cut the cake: yay! one of his closer buddies unboxed it (it was one of the kitkat cakes) and another one put a few candles on and lit them . Then the girls started taking pictures and selfies with the cake and the birthday boy, and me with my hyper-observatory visual powers suddenly noticed that the wax of the candles was melting on to the cake . Everyone started staring at me with raised eyebrows .
 This happened yesterday and i haven't had the chance to post this until now . My girlfriend and i have been dating for 1 year and some months (1 year, 3 months in case you find this) and have been living together since the end of october . When things get to dirty (outside her bedroom) she's get stressed and irritated .
 A group of drunken friends were walking back to a house party at the end of the night . One of them pounces on a street sign and starts shaking it back and forth grunting like the bear of a human he is . The entire street sign had been torn out of its foundation . The group made a mad dash to get as far away from the crime scene .
 i work at the lego store at my local mall . A very attractive woman (8/10) came in shopping for her kid . As she was about to give me the email, my brain short-circuited between the phrases \"go for it\" and \"fire away\"
 The fu occurs when we start impersonating the stereotypical republican(if you are republican this means no offense) and my friend starts joking about how more money should go to war and complaining about \"towel heads\" i then jokingly interupt him saying out loud, with my gay uncles and their adopted son in the car, \"what we should worry more about is the homosexuals over running america and turning good christians like us queer\" before i could even blink the car pulled over, my bigger uncle yanks me out, and drives away max speed leaving me in the snow with no coat .
 i like to frame my posters, now my rooms not very big but i decided to hang a band poster above my desk, i'm a gamer, so i have a standard three monitor setup, and i have them sitting on a flat glasstop desk . i hear a crash and turn my head, my poster had fallen onto one of the monitors which tipped over and broke but also knocked into my guitar, and my other monitor, so to the left my other two monitors were tipping over eventually coming to rest on my bed...phew, but then i noticed my guitar was falling, into my ps4 which fell off the dresser and took the tv with it, it pulled the tv
 My mom's side of the family does something a little bit early for christmas because she has a big family, so doing something on the day of christmas eve or christmas is hard . this year i got really into wrapping presents, and my sister, i'll call her lauren, is also super into it too . This year they delegated bringing presents for the younger kids to my mom .
 i led on a sophomore, i was among her closest friends and then went to prom with someone else, and posted pictures of it . i didn't want to reject her and lose a friendship i legitimately cherished, so i said nothing . She took this as the rejection i never said, but because it was never said earlier she thought we were something more than friends .
 A 6'5'' customer came in at a fast food store and asked for his owner's name and number . The customer thought it was a joke that i flipped him off when he was pulling up and counting in the song . He refused to give him the store number and hours that my boss is usually around . He said 'that's fine. your manager should be around tomorrow then?, i'll be in then\"
 The story is mildly interesting, but i'm sorry to say that i probably can\u2019t offer it to you here . i work with my dad (building fences) today, we were working for a middle-aged couple . i enjoy listening to [meshuggah](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d08jdw_vz5c)
 While abroad her phone was stolen so she bought herself a 'burner' phone, yknow the ones where you buy minutes or something or whatever . Everyday at 5pm her alarm rings telling her to take her birth control pill . After she finds the closest trashcan and tosses it, at about 4:59 and some seconds later we here a pretty audible alarm ringtone go off from inside .
 A couple of days ago i helped my dad pick out some christmas gifts for my older brother . at the checkout page he recommended we have it sent to my neighbors house so my brother wouldn't see the packages . i agreed and sent them to my neighbor's appartment . she said she just noticed them and was so happy. i've actually never seen someone this happy before. i tried explaining that they werent for her but she was just so happy .
 After a rough school year, my husband got me fallout 4 as a \"congrats you didn't implode you deserve some fun\" i've been playing at for about 4 days now and i'm really enjoying it . Since the added a new builder mode, every piece of junk is valuable .
 i was in korea visiting my family and friends when i was told he had a date with his girlfriend . He then reached inside his pocket grabbing a long strip of condoms, around 4-5 stuck together and he took one off and said \"good luck\" before stuffing the rest in my pocket and running off . The most regretful thing was, i didn't pick them up .
 The laptop hangs while trying to install windows 10 on cracked copy of windows 8 . The laptop is nothing more than a brick and the laptop is a brick . Windows 10 is free to upgrade to windows 10 once you have a license of windows 7 . The real fu starts, i begin downloading drivers for my laptop, the drivers contain bios drivers as well .
 It all started in october 2014 when i was in 8th grade . i was sick on that day, so i only ate a little bit of it, but i put it in my locker to bring home . Fast forward to the end of the school year, may 2015 we were cleaning out our lockers. i had noticed something smelled off since january. but finally in may, i looked at the bottom of my locker, and guess what is sitting in the bottom?
 i was hired to get the code for a company's gps tracking collars under control when i was eight years old . One of the chips i used had 24 bytes of ram and 512 bytes of flash, no registers in embedded code . i also made the code modular, so when parts changes i could just use a different #include and it would work fine .
 i had never heard anyone say do a u-turn at a roundabout, sure i knew drive all the way around or take the 5th exit . i was too nervous to think of another way around doing this move that didn't even exist . i waited till it was all safe and started turning into the oncoming lane which was met with some screaming and moving the wheel by the testing officer .
 i like to think i'm a functioning marijuana enthusiast, but i know i'm an addict and it's really just fortunate i haven't gone harder than weed . A couple of months back during a bout of dankruptcy, i decided it would be a brilliant idea to give synthetics another go . i had used them 2 years prior without issue and figured, \"how different could they be?\" i'm fully aware how insane this sounds, smoking a questionably legal .
 Head chef at work has been giving me the cold shoulder for a week . The stress had been unbearable, and i was dying to know what the hell i managed to do without knowing it . Chef: \"We are crass and vulgar and have little to no conversational filter when speaking among ourselves\"
 The phone charges up at least twice as fast as a normal outlet . Plugging it in my pc is more convenient than plugging in normal outlet to charge the phone . i've had so many problems because my phone was half-charged the past few years... i could've easily figured it out if i just thought about it .
 My friend offered to watch my girls for a few days this week because she is taking vacation time and she is glutton for punishment . My kids typically attend day care, and i thought it was only fair if i drove them to her house since she is watching them for free . i have a hard time differentiating her house from the others in her subdivision . She offered to open her garage, but i declined because i am a horrible driver .
 i bought my first ipod touch when i was anxious to connect it to the internet so i could use apps from the app-store . But for the life of me, i couldn\u2019t get the darn thing to connect to the home wi-fi . After entering the password it came up with an error message and failed to connect . i reset the ipod, restored factory settings, updated it etc. i tried everything that google said i should do . Finally i gave up and resigned myself to the fact that i won\u2019ll be browsing facebook wirelessly in bed .
 The tifu was a 6-year-old who loved christmas when i was 6, like i almost wouldn't sleep for the whole week leading up to christmas because i just couldn't wait to see what presents i got for christmas . This year there wasn't any of that, just a large sack of gifts to me from santa and the other gifts that had already been under the tree prior to this day .
 The first time i've gone to the theaters in about a year and i don't think i'll be going back anytime soon . The gentleman in my row leaves the theater a good 15 times throughout the course of the movie, inching past me each time for a total of 30 passes . The couple behind me becomes seemingly disinterested in the movie and starts talking to each other about their nephews birthday party .
 i was excited for christmas this year because i managed to save up $200 to buy my wife a nice gift . The temptation of a day off was too great and i started to wonder if i could get away with doing all my christmas shopping online? 15 minutes later i had found exactly what i needed and was feeling pretty good about myself .
 In his defense, i should've picked up their mocking tones when talking to me long ago, i wasn't born in virginia, so i might've just thought that's how people talked here for 12 years . at least i'm a senior and will be out soon .
 /u/nveedeeuh is in trouble after writing \"ayyy pepe - by bob\" on a whiteboard marker . i have never been more embarrassed in my life. i was forced to go down to the student reception and get cleaning wipes and some window spray to literally scrub/wipe it off the board .
 One of his friends had to go through his father passing away around 2 years earlier . The conversation got to me talking about the awful shit the inhuman fiend my dad was with for four years did (she's out of the picture now, thank god) and e's parents were split too . i turn to him casually ask \"so what about your-\" and before i even finish the sentence he just straight up mutters \"my dads dead\"
 The roommate is not just a local hit..she's international . She has her home address (also her office) so anyone can mail in payments . i've noticed it seems like she goes through my room and has noticed curtains open when i know for sure i closed them. i asked about that and it was \"to let the air flow free in the house\"
 i'm oblivious and look up to see what's going on.  see panties, panic for a second.  after a few awkward seconds of looking away while trying not to drop all her stuff i recover and grab the luggage, get up the stairs, place it down and run away .
 i just came back from studying abroad and have been staying at my parents house until i move into my college apartment on monday . The house is in a quiet town, kind of suburb-ish the backyard ends with woods and hiking trails . My 80 year old aunt said she had a litter of kittens living underneath her porch . My sister and i went on july 14 and spent an hour luring one into a cat carrier .
 Me and my bro skipped school cause my mom wouldn't be home all day (getting her massage license renewed) but came home with my little sis cause she was \"sick\" My mom saw my brother pretty quick he went in the room and got yelled at came up with a bullshit excuse and is off scot free-ish .
 i'm very new to reddit. i was browsing new first and trying to find my comment from half an hour ago . i got very excited when i thought that i had 43 upvotes.  i am now feeling very down bc realized they are just the post numbers .
 /r/punchablefaces was taken over by sjws that may or may not be trolls . Everything posted there was at the expense of white men . i got mad and sent an angry and hateful message to the mods before reading the rules . When the actual mods of the subreddit realized i had messaged the wrong people, they thought i was with the people who took over .
 A recently licensed driver who does not get much private time with his girlfriend, unfortunately . So, me being the mastermind i am, decided that i would create a \"bed\" in the back of my car and park it at a mall, far away from any other car . After two hours of \"hanging out\" in my car, i realized it was awfully hot.  so, despite my girlfriend's protests, i put the keys in and turned on the ac, so it would be a bit chillier in the car than the steaming 80 degrees fahrenheit outside . After a half hour of sprinting around the mall to find someone to jumpstart my car.
 i started work at 8am, finishing at 4:30am, in time to drive 3 hours north to watch a football game . We lost the game, and spent an hour or so in traffic before we even left the city we were in . About 3 hours into the drive, and about 30 minutes from home, i began to feel tired . i was 1 motorway stop from home and it was 1am, my friend was beginning to get very tired and we just wanted to get home .
 High School seniors are allowed about thirty five minutes to go off campus and get lunch somewhere as long as we are back by fourth period at 12:55 . On this particular day my friend, whom i'll call lance, was donating blood to a blood drive that is partnered with the school . He sends me a text asking me to pick him up some food from wherever i end up going, and that he will pay me back when i return to school . i realized i had inadvertently put my friends health in danger because i didn't bring him a full sized meal .
 i read about the ashley madison hack on fox news. i decided to check for my entire family's names through an email search service . One week later, my dad came up to me about his email being scammed. well, shit. every one of my aunts and uncles had received the trustify scamming email too. now everybody hates me, and i've been sent to my grandfather in north Dakota in a week.
 i get very anxious in certain situations (especially medical situations) so i have a prescription for ativan . i decided to take it to break the ice without looking like an ass . After about 20 minutes i started to feel weird, and then it hit me like a brick . The pain was so intense it felt like i was just shot out of a cannon .
 This morning when she left for work it was no big surprise when she came back in and said her car wouldn't start . We knew she needed a new battery, but hadn't gotten around to purchasing one yet . So i jumped it with my car and hooked it up...and then i smell the smoke . The cable had already heated up to the point that the rubber was melting .
 \"seaman\" is a trippy virtual-pet game for the sega dreamcast, in which you raise small talking fishes into two wise-ass frogmen . The little dude asks you questions about your personal life and you respond to him via an attached microphone . He remembers the details and mentions them in future conversations .
 The doctor said i was a dumbass and that it was just blue dye . After attempting to explain to him that i never ate anything blue, he told me to come back in 12 hours if it stays blue . When i got home, there was a giant bag of sweet tarts on my bed, i had been eating them unconsciously .
 The reddit user overdosed on thc. which is found in marijuana . The user threw up four times on the way to a fast food restaurant after overdosing on marijuana or \"greening out\" i was hallucinating traps around me, and i could barely get out two words at a time without my brain stopping itself from further processing. i remember going into third person and feeling the vomit crawl out of my stomach .
 Yesterday i posted a question to /r/askreddit asking what is easier to get into than it is to get out of bed . The last time i posted the question it got 27 comments and 7 upvotes . But 10 minutes ago, i came back from lunch and thought \"hey upvote_banana you should check and see if anyone replied to our post yesterday\"
 People hand me large rectangular pieces of paper called \"pay checks\" at random times on jobs or when we see each other... like on the street or at lunches, etc. obviously i'm not always in a paperwork mode and forget i just slid a months worth of pay into my back pocket . \"i only realized it was missing in the elevator on the way back to work. damn. i am a dumbass\"
 A drunk croatian man kicked him out of a hostel in split, croatia for a 2-week vacation . He was kicked out at 5:30am and had to spend the rest of the night at the bus station . The owner of the hostel kicked the drunk man out of his room after he found stray cats in the room .
 i'm in sick today and thought i would go have a cup of ramen for lunch . i was opening the package and i saw the label that said \"do not microwave\" and that just kind of didn't register for me . i threw it in my microwave and completely forgot to put water in it .
 After weeks of therapy i finally talked about how frustrated it always makes my girlfriend when she makes a joke, and i take it extremely literally and go \"actually, that's not quite right, this is more like how it is\" at this point my therapist put down his computer, looked at me very seriously, and said \"have you ever considered you might be autistic, no offence\" he literally said no offence .
 This happened in yr7 (6th grade, i live in the uk) and i just remembered this while having a discussion about retarded people (not in bad way) i was new to this school and i was just making some friends and was ending up in good classes as i was a pretty good student . In some of my classes there was this fat kid, very fat kid and he would be racist to me (i'm asian, he's white). Eventually it got so annoying and he kept trying to annoy me i blurted out, 'you're so fucking retarded!'
 An all-nighter in the Czech Republic meant to miss a flight back to germany . The airport couldn't help her get a flight, and she was stuck in the airport for 3 hours . She had to book a new flight back home, which cost her a fortune . When she finally boarded her next flight, she slept like a baby .
 i told him that the only thing i was afraid of was  going to the front of the class and getting a bohner . Now the entire family knows and is laughing at me, he says . The entire family is now laughing at him, he writes . He says he was afraid to go to front of class and get a\u00a0bohner\u00a0and now the family knows .
 i live abroad and the time difference is 8+ hours so i'm not in the mood for bs so when he doesn't reply i get annoyed because now i have to turn on my laptop that i had just shut down two minutes earlier . i'm practically fuming so i give up and turn off laptop. then, right after it's shut down he texts back saying he tried to skype but to no avail. are you fucking kidding me?? i turn into a crazy woman and slam my laptop . when i try to boot up my laptop again it stays black.. oh shit.. eventually i manage to turn it on but it won't boot normally .
 There was no real way to contact the owner of the phone, so i bought a new screen for it and repaired it . i restored it through itunes only to find that it had been activated locked through the original owner . She called the police and they contacted me and confiscated the torn apart phone and told me i have a court date for damage to property charges .
 i was referred to a property management company by my partner's friend, who is also the owner . i interviewed with the vp and two regional managers and offered the position at the end of the meeting . The position was an assistant manager for the lowish rate of $16/hr. however, this test was a hair test . i was surprised they removed 3 spots the size of a pencil eraser from the back of my head .
 i got invited to celebrate the 5 year anniversary of a mate and his gf. Usually i avoid being the first one at a party so i decided to arrive a bit later - one hour actually - so, everyone already started drinking . After 2 hours of having fun and drinking together, alcohol started to have an effect on me and on her obviously so i dropped my drink and had to stoop to pick it up again . As soon as i stooped, my pants ripped and my cute little boxers where looking at looking at her, i was so embarrassed .
 One of my female friends grabs my phone from me and calls my aunt because she says she's worried because of how drunk i am . i think my female friend made it sound like i was blackout drunk so my aunt raced down to the park in her car . i got home (it was about 4pm) and just went straight to bed, scared shitless .
 i was browsing facebook on the train when i saw my colleague's profile there . figured i might do a little stalking even though i barely knew him . i was scrolling through his profile pictures when i feel a tap on my shoulder. it's him. he was behind me the entire time and i didn't fucking notice .
 At the age of 15-16, my best friend invited me to a party his (new) girlfriend was organizing and mentioned that her best friend (let's call her jane) may be interested in me/somebody to have some fun with . After the party my bf asked me how it went and i told the story, he still makes fun of it .
 This happened a few years ago but i told this to a friend earlier and they suggested i post it . i have dyed my hair for many years now, all colors under the sun but this time it was a [pink/purple] color . i had work the next day in an office setting (they are laid back enough that they don't care about piercings, tattoos or hair color)
 i was in the rental car drop off \"shack\" with my fellow american travelers trying to sort out some issues with the car when i spotted someone from the back that looked like a friend of mine . Without giving it a second thought i went up to the \"stranger\" and put his arms around his shoulder . As soon as i did this i realized that this man was quite a bit more solid than the friend that i was convinced had found himself with me .
 i was playing a game of rocket league with my boyfriend, and i see someone on the other team had their steam name set as ron jeremy . i then proceeded to make a comment along the lines of \"ha, look at this kid naming himself after a soccer player\". The response i received from my boyfriend was \"well i guess you can consider him an athlete...\" confused by this, i decide to google .
 This morning i was preparing my salad for my lunch at work . i am not a big fan of salads, i actually despise them, but i eat them because i am trying to lose weight . In order to make my salads tolerable i add a lot of protein. today my protein of choice was bacon .
 i water my grass a bit in the mornings before work . Usually i water 3 areas, so i have to move the sprinkler twice each morning . i only water my backyard because mowing regularly helps remove the pollen buildup, which has my dog chewing on her nearly bald feet .
 Under my hoodie i was wearing a band shirt, the band's name is \"basement\" The letters 'b', 'a' & 't' were written on the shirt . The letters \"b\", \"t\" and \"b\" were written in the letters \"a\" & \"t\", in particular .
 It tasted like satan himself had risen from my kitchen floor and punched me in the throat . It was salt instead of sugar, it was salt, and i'm not sure what it was . It's not the first time i've seen salt in my coffee, it's the last time I've had salt in a cup .
 i had been planning this hike through mt nebo, near to brisbane, for about 9 months now - always getting pushed back, scout leader not showing up so he didn't sign off the paperwork (dickhead leader) The next day was the hardest - about 12km, with a total of 365 meters down, and 475 meters up . We got escorted out by pol air 2 (brisbane's police helicopter) at 10 at night .
 This article was originally published on iReporter.com . Follow us on Twitter @dailymailonline . Share your story with us at iReport.com/news@dailymail . Back to the page you came from: http://www.tifu.co.uk/newsquiz.u/knew/kara .
 i had watched a video in which two people spent an hour in a [sensory deprivation tank] and then described their experiences . Most sensory deprivation tanks consist of a room filled with skin-temperature water that has dissolved magnesium sulfate, or epsom salt, in it . Users float naked in the chamber, and the salt gives the body more buoyancy and allows it to float on the water without effort .
 i was reading a comment by a security guard on a post on /r/pettyrevenge and i walked into a metal box and destroyed my knee . It ripped a hole in the only pair of pants they issued me, and now my knee is bleeding . i don't know if they'll charge me for the pants if i'm honest about how i injured myself .
 There is this girl that i have been eyeing for months, and it will make me go crazy . She works for one of our subsidiaries and it took me 4 months to find out her name and what she does . Google revealed that she has a kid, but doesn't say much about her husband though .
 This has been the most expensive and wonderful/horrible 6 months of my life . On valentines day this year, i got alcoh-l poisoning, said a bunch of stuff at the party, then ended up in the hospital . Then i broke my laptop screen ($250 repair) Then i got blackout dr-nk  for the second time around my parents,  and finally decided to buy some stuff  online, thus leading to a $900 scam .
 Turned out my cat decided to shit on my bed sometime recently . i usually sleep on my couch. i haven't slept in my bed in over a month. Since there's nothing in my room that i use except for my bed (my closet is in an adjacent room before you get to my bed is in)
 This has been the most expensive and wonderful/horrible 6 months of my life . The week before valentine's day this year i smoked some pot for the first time . a week later, i got alcohol poisoning my first time getting drunk and said a bunch of stuff at the party, then ended up in the hospital . Then i broke my laptop screen ($250 repair) then i got blackout drunk for the second time around my parents, did shrooms (the scariest/weirdest drug ever), and finally decided to buy some more oxycodone online .
 Last night i had dinner with my cousin and ended up finishing pretty early . We decided to head to my place and watch a movie since she didn't want to go home yet . After choosing the movie, i started going through the bag of junk food to sort out . The squid flavored lay's caught my eye, and i was like \"what the hell, might as well open it\"
 My family and i went to a buffet since we haven't really went out to eat as a family since i came back in the country . i was eyeing an item on his plate because it seemed like everyone else had it except me . i looked up from my plate and loudly asked without thinking \"hey, can i taste your sausage?\". it went quiet around the table, while i started sweating and stuttering i yelled out \"hot dog!\". my brother's girlfriend started laughing and my brother handed me his hot dog on a fork .
 i've never really been the tinder type but recent events and some advice from a few buddies led me to download the app (again) in some time, i get a few matches with some decent looking women and i begin to entice conversation . i don't mention her bio at all because that would just be a dead giveaway . instead i open with a though t provoking question that 9 times out of 10 gets me at least a reply . everything is going good until i decide to get ahead of myself and ask her for.... you guessed it, butt stuff .
 i had gone over to a friends house for the weekend, and when i arrived he was handing out tons of checks . He kept calling them souvenir checks, and saying that we weren't allowed to spend them . So i went up to him and asked, \"hey, can you give me 20k for a new car?\" and this idiot actually gave me a check . i asked my mom if i could go cash it, saying a friend gave it to me, which was technically true .
 i left my friend's house to go to tim horton's (which is literally a 5 minute walk) for a late night iced capp, and because i'm a lazy piece of shit i decide to take my car . After getting back, park my car and reach for the drink, it's not there. i turn on the cabin light to see my drink had turned all the way upside down because my cup holders are shit . Luckily, most of it was caught by the other cup holder and the carpet, but i'm still pissed .
 A new meatloaf recipe calls for a thin layer of bbq sauce spread on top of the loaf . i wanted a taste of that sticky sauce bark, so what do i do? i swipe my finger right across sticky bbque sauce that just came out of the 400\u00b0 oven . my solution was to lick it all off my finger .
 i've been plagued by stomach/abdominal pain for about 6 months . Nothing i tried worked, change in diet, exercise, etc. i had been to a handful of doctors, spent over probably $1,500 in medical fees and had a cat scan . The second i lay down it hurts, which makes it really hard to fall asleep, so now i don't even have going to bed to look forward to .
 Was up bright and early yesterday to get lots of things done in preparation of moving house next week and going to leeds festival this weekend . Was feeling a little bit tired around half 4 and decided a power nap was in order (mistake) woke up at 9 feeling groggy and hungry so ordered a chinese and got a few more things done .
 A coworker asked me about the recent vacation i went on . She said that she had been there before with her family and mentioned how much she loved the view . But i forgot that said picture of the view was sandwiched between pictures that my girlfriend took of her boobs, some goofy faces, my bulge, and a 3d puzzle turtle .
 My mom dated a guy she dated in high school during junior and senior year . He came to surprise her at college, but she told him to leave and that was the last she had heard or seen of him . She wanted to apologize for blowing him off, so i told her i could easily find him on facebook or google if she gave me enough information . We spent 25 minutes trying to find him and members of his family on his facebook to no avail--until one of those white pages gave us the name of his wife and his new hometown in Oregon .
 i was staying after school for about two and a half hours for chemistry and the teacher said one of her old students is coming by to visit . i for some reason thought he was a mannequin and wasn't real and thought it was a weird prank?? and did i forget to mention. the guy i'm laughing at is my brother's close friend and visits my house frequently . i have met him several times after this incident .
 i washed my hair with shampoo. my eyes started burning. probably my contacts. try taking out contacts. proceed to sit on the floor of the shower crying for a solid five or so minutes . proceed to go to the bathroom crying for five or more minutes . i was in the shower with shampoo .
 i'm 18, and also very into music; i'm in a marching band, my school's ensembles and brass choir, so the phrase \"play it by ear\" is something i'm quite familiar with . After my family got finished laughing at me, i called my friend to ask how she said it .
 i had been hanging out with the same girl for a few dates in a row and for whatever reason she wanted to stay in and have a pizza and movie night . One particularly stupid and over dramatic line is read by nicole kidman and i just lose my shit and start laughing my ass off .
 i'm gonna keep this short & sweet, if you want the longer version, i [posted](https://www.reddit.com/r/metalcore/comments/2y7k3m/august_burns_red_saved_my_life/) it was a while ago, let's just say that also, it has a good (decent?) ending so there's that .
 It was the first day of school today and somehow i managed to sit with the girl i'm currently into . So as the lunch goes on i pull out a drink from my lunch and she sees my ice pack and she says \"wow that's a fat ice pack\" and without thinking i responded \"you're fat\"
 The smell of rotting corn is worse than any diaper ive changed . The corn smell will not go away, even though i wash my hands with mouthwash . i also put on a rubber glove to throw the corn away, but the tip of the glove on the glove was torn off .
 i work produce in a grocery store and i'm supposed to be transferring to another position . i finished a task at hand and was hanging out on my phone real quick, i look up and the manager of the store is across the room watching me, she was standing there to take me to training for my new position . so the week continues to go by and today, another manager was riding my butt about doing my work, i noticed this shortly after i helped a customer with her question when i see him mouth \"get to work, get to work\"
 This happened just a short while ago, just woke up from said dream . i was on a boat cruise with my friend, and all the passengers were dicks for some reason, for example took ages for me to get a dude out of my seat but eventually he moved . My friend was seated two seats away to my right, i'm not sure why we weren't together but this *is* in fact important information relevant to the story .
 i was having breakfast like usual every morning and i saw i had a little time so i decided to take a nap before leaving for work . time is 7:45, so it ought to myself why not a 15 minute nap before i left to work . by 8:55 i was woken up by the calls of my grandmother. i woke up a few times but being myself, completely oblivious to everything forgot to wake up and leave for work.
 An 18-year-old male living in hockey town, Canada, was on the subway to run some errands . He was standing up since there were no seats . He decided to take a picture for academic purposes . Luckily she didn't really mind and just smiled, but every other person in the subway was looking at me like i just murdered 3 people in cold blood .
 An on-the-anon dating app sent a message to an ex-boyfriend about being cheated on by ex-so's . The man's relationship with a woman he hoped would work out didn't . He says she's only here for about a year for a job and she's going to leave to resume her education in a galaxy far, far away .
 The lab in a clinic that is incredibly small and only requires one tech . The tech that worked there last week did not throw out the urine since last Tuesday . So since there is a significant amount of piss in my fridge and i am forced to throw it out myself. i go over to my tinkle sink, run a small stream of water (dont want any backsplash) and open the first cup stank. It smells horrible. not like old pee or bleach. but this is week old piss i am pouring out here!
 One of my friends from down the street thought it would be a good idea to sled down the super steep hill and did it face first . He subsequently launched off the 2 meter high retaining wall and right into the icicles we had smashed just hours earlier . He didn't die thankfully, but he had tons of blood running down his face from a gash where the ice cut him .
 We had a 15 minute break around 2 hours into some presentation about santa claus anus and i needed a shit, badly . As soon as they gave us the break i bolted to the loo . I had 2 minutes to finish, and as soon as the last torpedo left my bumhole i pulled my pants up . i now had shit smeared all over my pants and a horrible shitty coolness wafting through my pants .
 i thought i knew this person, we've been friends for a little while now and looking back sure there were warning signs but i fell asleep at the wheel and missed them . i have never witnessed anything like this before and after 5 days of this shit i'm positive i\u2019ll never have something as bizarre as this happen to me ever again .
 This is the story of a young man who lost his temper during a mass at his school . He was asked to pray for his loved ones during the service . His friend told him that his sister-in-law had been diagnosed with cancer and he lost it . He said: \"i feel like i just slapped a baby with the side of a knife\"
 i have been encouraged to post this over from r/sex. The content is the same with a few grammatical changes . If this happened to you, would you inform the girl or just get the hell out of there? Do you think the guy had any idea?
 An old friend and an old friend bet truth-or-dare to each rounds' winner . The game started off nicely: my first dare was to take off my shirt and just wear my jacket, hers was to dance with me for 30 seconds when no one else was grooving to the live jazz band .
 i was out to a late lunch with my family, and i had to go to the bathroom . i got up and got situated in the stall, and slid the lock in place . It was one of those slider locks that move less than an eight of an inch to lock . So, business is going along when someone starts to open the door .
 The first thing that comes to mind is the scene from blue mountian state where he wakes up with the older lady and \"is that pee? oh god, that's pee. fuck fuck\" i've never had that happen before but of course it's the only night in a bit that i was with someone. She hasn't really talked much today, pretty confident i ruined it there.
 My old phone (an iphone 5) had spiderweb cracks on most of the face and the battery only lasted about 3 hours . The coolest changes for me were the \"3d touch\" and the fingerprint reader, and i wasted no time setting those up . Later that night, i decided to take the new phone for a test drive and enjoy a quiet evening at home .
 The writer met a 17-year-old girl online and hooked her up with a friend . She messaged him a lot, but he didn't like her and she was obsessive . He told her she was too much, she needed to back off, and he told her to stop messaging him . The only reason it ended was because he finally gave up and went to bed .
 The story is 100% real, although i wish it wasn't, this story is real . At a wedding party, a friend of my boyfriend's boss was one of the most charming people i've ever met . He's dancing with grandma, playing with the kids, flirting with the ladies and everyone's eating it up . When i say \"phil is so charismatic... like he has a hitler level of charisma,\" i hid in the elevator .
 i just got a snapchat from one of my friends so i go to reply completely forget my phone is on loud, so the camera sound goes off, thinking nothing of it at first i saw my manager standing staring at me with a worrying concern . then i realise my manager certainly has no idea what snapchat is as he's in his late 40's and he probably just thought i took a picture of either a shit or my dick .
 Most of my friends graduated last june, so i dont have much for friends, except my youth group that i attend after school . As the week before my birthday went on, i was getting increasingly nervous, and anxious, and scared, because what if they dont want to come? What if they cant come? what if no one shows up?  so finally wed Wednesday rolls around, after youth group, i casually ask if her and her brother, another invitee, will be showing up friday night, and she says maybe . i get home, snapchat everyone \"partys cancelled\", get drunk, ask god why i'm such a fuckup, and cry myself to sleep .
 When i was 8-9 yrs old, my family went to the mall to do some shopping and i kept bugging them about wanting to go to a bookstore . Eventually they gave up and we all went to bookstore, since i was an annoying little prick back then . i somehow ended up at the calendar section of the bookstore and i saw a spongebob calendar on the shelf . i took a good look at it, picked it up and stuff, but i thought i did, so, i put it back on the shelves .
 At one point, i've had enough alcohol and want to go home, so i started walking home . When he couldn't find his bike, i started banging on my door and ringing the bell to wake my housemate . He picked up almost instantly, calling his housemate almost instantly . After banging on that door for 10 minutes, he picked up and got in .
 One of our family's cats, let's call her fluffball, just up and left and didn't come back four months ago . My mum decided to keep a lit candle on our front porch as a beacon to guide her back to her home . She decided to draw a pentagram on a piece of paper, write the words \"fluffball please come back home\" across the 5 arms of the star and light it .
 i decided i wanted to make grilled cheese for a snack, and asked my girlfriend if she wanted one too . i hadn't properly accounted for the fact that the pan was now hot, and my grilled cheese was burned . we only had enough materials for 2 grilled cheese sandwiches :(
 After a night at an art exhibit with my friend i took a walk to a near by bar my girlfriend was at with her friends . In between drinks a barback in the bar had pulled my girlfriend to the side and had invited her to go to the \"back\" with him . When the bar was closing she had told me what happened and drunken me lost my shit . i tried to walk back in to knock this guy's teeth in . my girlfriend wanted to avoid the trouble and urged the bouncers not to let me in .
 i was failing one of my business classes because my clicker (a little device to check in/out to class and answer lecture questions) was getting no points . i write my email all professional and appropriate saying: \"dear professor ___________ or whomever it may concern: my name is ilovetrent and i am in x class\" i then proofread it and pressed send . A few minutes later i got lost again and decided to check my university email . i saw i had one from myself in my inbox .
 Me and my friend were driving around with his two cousins because they want to smoke weed for the first time . A cop car showed up with his hand on his gun and a helicopter started circling . The cops took us all separately, handcuffed in the cars asking us what we were doing there . They explained that the house we had parked in front of while we smoked had been broken into and robbed .
 i went to my dom's house for some fun and i ignored him and started teasing him . After 30 seconds or so, he grabbed me around my neck, threw me on the bed, pulled my pants down, shoved his dick in and started hate-fucking me (it was awesome)
 One of my really good friends up here is muslim. She promised herself she would not drink alcohol ever. Now she knows i drink but i promised her i wasent going to at this party. Well i thought it was a good idea that if i just had one cup, i could just get a buzz and no one notice i was buzzed and i would be a better dancer. So i filled up my cup with gin, and started sipping it, to get to the point i wanted to . and then put it down. well i had it on the dance floor and my muslim friend was dancing right in front of me. she told me how thirsty she was and asked what
 In physics class, we had a lab due 2 weeks ago; my lab partner and i did the experiment, worked out the math, then went home to each do our own lab reports . i finish it and share the google doc with my teacher; everything is well and good until a few days later i get an email from him that read \"marquisad98, i can't even grade this it is that incomplete.  please finish and get it to me asap!\"
 i saw the thread about cockblocking myself and decided to post this . It was a few months ago and i was at a girls house, both 17 . i then stupidly said \"but that's not my shirt, only the sweater is mine\" she then gives me an awkward ride home . It wasn't until the next day that i realized what she meant .
 A year ago, a half-half-half halfling played d&d with the dm . He started as chaotic good, but by the end of the night he would be the most evil character he has ever played . The dm had clive start off with a bag of jems valued at 50 gold. typically you should just start with gold . So naturally our party headed off to find a jeweler, so i could get some gold and buy equipment before the quest. by the time they arrived i had smoked a good sized bowl, and taken a few shots of vodka .
 The inspiration for this post was the man whose crush was double teamed, i might have a story to raise the bar . This was not today, or even yesterday but back in may . This isn't a feel good \"got laid by dream girl prom story\" just the opposite .
 i live alone, and like any self respecting thirty something year old i like to roam about my apartment in the nude . i was ironing away when the unfortunate happened. while watching tv and trying to perform the ''crease-less sleeve press technique'' i lost concentration just for a split second, resulting in me haphazardly searing along the tip of my penis . luckily for me i had a half eaten tub of ben & jerrys in the freezer to ease my pain, and spent half the day feeling embarrassed as i sat there with my chunky monkey covered in cream .
 This story actually was today, so something positive came out of this . i'm also turning this story into internet points that don't do anything useful, so i don't know what else to say . i was sleeping over at a friend's place after a back to the future marathon . i haven't been there in almost 4 years .
 After missing my bus, i decided to buy chicken wrap from nearby food outlet . An old lady made chicken wrap without any hurry and i paid her to make it . But then i saw another bus near bus stop . Before i could react that bus has already started accelerating . i was like omg how come next bus is here within 5 minutes .
 After a crazy chase she talks him into following me to her house . She text him later text him saying \"you fucked up ima get you for that\" after a police chase she text him back saying shes fine . The chase ended up going to her grandma's house, but she says she's fine .
 17-year-old male has a strange habit that occurs subconsciously whenever he feels the need to go to the bathroom . When i'm alone, i'll casually whip out the d as i'm walking towards the bathroom, and as soon as i reach the toilet i let loose . Usually this isn't a problem, if i notice anyone around i simply do what any other civilised human being would do and not unleash my genitals . Today i was watching a video on my phone so i didn't realise my sister was already sitting on the toilet as i walked in. as i stroll in (with phone in one hand and dick in other mind you)
 The story goes back to a school trip to the UK in the early 1950s . One of the boys, a disabled kid, and a friend shared a room with a group of friends . When they went to the bathroom, they found a naked man thrusting into the toilet .
 For the last year or so i've been drawing fan art for games and anime and stuff . Some of it's pretty racy, which is pretty embarrassing, hence the throwaway . My brother, 11, likes to play lego and minecraft with his friends . He took his laptop to a sleepover at his friends, and took it so they could play minecraft together .
 The driver of the bus drove into a pole with the keys in the middle of the night . The driver didn't get back to the bus, he didn't say anything to anyone else . The incident happened at around 2:30pm on Tuesday . The video was posted on YouTube .
 It was a 2-bed room with 2 queen size beds in 1 room with a couple feet between them . The story is kind of a cock block/sex fail story . It was high school grad night and my best friend and crush was staying in the same room as them .
 A junior in high school, i completely forgot about show choir after school on wednesdays and fridays . A week away from the end of the first marking period i have lowered a perfect a to a b . i apparently skipped class on a day we had a test that i also forgot about .
 A young lad in university met a great girl while in his second year of uni and after spending the summer having the time of our lives, we both went back to our respective universities, about an hour apart from each other . Luckily, luckily, my school arranged a bus service that made several daily trips between my school and hers . A few times a week a week i would take the bus to see her or vice versa . On one particular trip, i noticed a rumbling in my belly, but signs were not yet clear of the trouble to come .
 Last night i fell to sleep on the sofa, my girlfriend woke me and said i should go to bed but i explained i was too comfy . Fast forward to 3am when i woke up wide awake and decided to play the xbox . Then my girlfriend wakes up this morning to find the volume on 1 thinking i had been watching porn .
 The best chicken nuggets ever are tiny but the best chicken\u00a0nuggets are tiny,\u00a0guessed\u00a0guilty\u00a0and burned in the oven . The pot is high and hungry, but i'm really reallly high and really really hungry . The chicken nugget bag i tossed on the floor was found to be frozen baby rats, but it was actually frozen rats .
 i accidentally mixed the wires up in my electrical engineering project project . This caused it to tense and spasm and i hit myself quite hard in the face. At least the cup of coffee was in my other hand. At the end of the project, i had to hit myself with a coffee cup .
 i ate 90% of the box of pringles and then felt uncomfy, so i stopped here, but i told myself : \"why not eating one more ? just for the taste ?\" and then i ate this last crisp . When i put it in my mouth and bite it, it broke itself in like 3 big pieces and one of them hit my roof . i bite the other ones but the last piece was still planted in my roof, not deeply, but enough to hold itself... i began to shake violently and it felt in on my tongue . i was so happy at this moment, i thought my mouth was really damaged but no. but then i realized : \"hey,
 Only moments ago, i opened the door to go inside my house from the backyard, where i'd just finished smoking a cig. the lights are all off . As i walk past the kitchen table towards my room, i see my cat trying to get onto it from one of it's chairs. i scratch her once behind the ears, and gently start pushing her off. she quickly ducks beneath my hand, and keeps peering over the surface of the table at something. i pick it up, and what i grab is crunchy, but much softer than popcorn. i flip on a light and saw that i had just squashed the biggest moth i'd ever seen in person right between my thumb
 A two-day old box of fried rice was refried with soy sauce and teriaki for flavor . When its hot enough i moved the pan off the burner and put out the pilot light on the gas stove . An hour later i start to smell that rotten egg shit smell that comes with the gas .
 Friend slept on bottom of the bunk bed, i slept on top of the bed . Friend and his boyfriend growl and make animal noises . i'm about 99% sure it led to oral. i'm too nervous to do anything. i eventually said \"i'm really sorry but i really have to pee\" and went to the bathroom .
 A few of my friends decided to cancel on our plans so instead of going out i decided to get high by myself and watch some netflix . I decided to take a look at my toenails and saw they really needed a trimming . Since i was getting quite high i was too lazy to move to my trashcan where i could dump the nails . decided to go to bed later when i was pretty baked and left the glass standing there . woke up with horrible cottonmouth and rushed out of bed to get some water and drank it all as fast as possible .
 i just though hip pop was like a hipper sub-genre of pop which used rap instead of melodic vocals. when you say the two quickly, they sound almost the exact same. i just thought hip pop . was like the hip pop used to be like a hip pop sub-genuine sub-Genre of pop . when you . say 'hip pop' quickly, it sounds almost the same .
 The accident happened on a main road late at night on the way to his apartment . The front half of his car was hanging over a good 20ft drop into water when he slammed into the rails . The accident was not the first time he had hit the rails in his car .
 My cousin was trying to format his computer and upgrade to windows 8 from windows 8 . But due to hard disk problem, it didn't install anything above windows xp . So, he asked me if there was any thing that was wrong with the computer . He shared me some technical errors that appeared at the screen, which i immediately recognized as hard disk problems . So i told him how to repair it .
 i live 2500 miles from the woman i love . She had a dr appointment on the day of her birthday (she had been trying to get in for a month already) while sitting in the waiting room i went to put my arm around her just as she leaned in and . . . pow! right in the kisser! . . er, er, eye . Now she hasta bring it up all the time to bust my balls .
 The story goes back to when i invited a girl to my place for some drinks . We drank enough to kill a small child, but then we went to a party . We were sloppy idiots at the party, everyone is sober and we're making out. We embarrassed ourselves... but that's not the f**e up .
 This happened about a month ago but i'm due to start another job tomorrow so i thought i might as well post it . i am 24/m from england, living (at the time) in bangkok, thailand, looking for tefl work . i applied to a school in rayong. my application was well received and i was invited to attend a video interview . On the day of the interview, i had no contact from the school. i figured something must have come up and asked to reschedule . The principal replied: \"After constant rain a local dam burst and we had to evacuate the school today at 1pm, hence my priorities were elsewhere\"
 An Irishman drops his hat into a pit toilet hut while hiking in Ireland . The hat is the only souvenir he bought while he was in Ireland and it was on his head when he dropped it in the pit . The pit toilet is filled with poo, tp, water and disgusting stank .
 My child always sleeps in her crib . She never has naps in my arms or lying around the house . My hands launched my child off the couch on to the floor . Before i even realize what i did, i have my wife screaming and beating me with a bag .
 i'm always looking to improve on my own slasher films . i'm at my house and it arrives. korn's untouchables album is blasting in my room . i put on a shirt i didn't care for and applied the latex and makeup. get a prop knife. slash and it bleeds. then i hear it. i turn and scream because i was shocked .
 i told my wife i was taking a shower and jokingly said \"feel free to join me\"  normally jokes like this go no where. But i decided to just let it loose, and since my head was backed to the shower head, my golden stream hit the shower curtain .
 A couple months ago, a friend asked me to hangout at his place and i downloaded pitch perfect 2 . His mom received an email from warner bros. in 9 different languages saying that they have to delete the movie or they will be charged . i was going out of the country in a couple days to download some movies for my flight .
 An all star band got to march in the philadelphia thanksgiving day parade . The band was made up of about 200 members from different high schools in 5 or 6 states . After practice we all went to the hotel and i was talking about how they would divide us up for rooms . i told them i would be fine unless i wasn't paired up with one of the male color guard. He looked at me and said \"that guy is my brother\"
 Last night i saw a yak about two girls who wanted to go downtown to college campus but didn't have a car . They insisted i hang out with them anyway and spend the night drinking and flirting with me . The night ends with one going to bed and the other and me cuddling on the couch . We all wake up the next morning and talk about how we should hang out again and had a fun time last night, they even hug me goodbye when i split off because i have to get to work .
 i would've posted this earlier but i've only been introduced to reddit about a week ago . i'm an arab-american who has lived in the u.s. for the past 15 years . i was basically raised an american. during my time away, i really fell behind on my egyptian slang so when i went back last month, i was having trouble understanding most conversations i'd had with my former friends .
 i grew up with my current supervisor, best friends since 9. roughly 2 hours ago via text i sent him what you all will be reading . i have not replied yet as i have left my phone in my apartment and went to a caf\u00e9 to write this . The events that encircle the main fu go back to when i was hired in feb of 2014 . i said no because i morally think that is wrong and that i would wait for the position .
 i went to visit my parents agian because i moved back to my home town and im just able to visit them more on the weekends to see how things are going . It was so disgusting i threw up in the open dish washer and ruined my fathers smokey and the bandit mug so i swiftly threw it out .
 i've been using okcupid and tinder for maybe two and a half weeks, had a few conversations on both but no real success . One night, in a drunken haze, i sent out a generic message to a few girls i matched with . A few days later i saw one of the girls i sent the message to on tinder, i immediately recognize her because she was rather cute in that hipster/geek sort of way that i love oh so much .
 After all day drinking they come get us  and we head downtown smoking bowls and listening to bullshit music . We ended up at some trailer park trailer where the 2 dudes knew this old guy . The 2 guys ended up fighting each other and the old guy said he was calling the cops .
 The \"tifu by going to a party with my crush\" post prompted me to write mine . My parents were out of town for the night so we decided it would be fun to have a few people over and chill out around the fire and play fifa . The first thing i noticed was my inability to form long thoughts . i started having minor hallucinations caused by the fire .
 As a young plumber, he cleaned a flooded/stopped up sewer for an apartment building in a rough section of town . A pink shower curtain flushed down his own toilet . The shower curtain was wrapped around the end of his sewer machine . The man said his wife's 3 carat diamond ring must have fallen off the toilet tank when my machine busted into the room .
 This past winter when i was on a graduate school interview at ucla, i met a girl who was also there on the same interview . We got lost and got lost for roughly an hour or so . Both of us checked in at the same time at their hotel . She gave her full name to the receptionist . She left to her room without saying much, and was distant for the remainder of the interview .
 Gaff is a \"screwup\" but not as a boot hook so i googled the term to protect my post from the reddit grammar nazi's . The term also applies to guys that want underwear to hide their stuff . The item in question:\u00a0http://www.amazon.com/ultimate-hiding-gaff-for-crossdressing .
 i'm calling quest diagnostics out, yes, calling you bastards out, lost/disposed of/sold/dis something with my pee and the results of the test never made it to macys . i was not informed of this until i sat through 4 hours of orientation . i got a piece of paper and continued with my life. i put the paper, the proof of my test... somewhere. for all i know i threw it away. i cannot find the damn thing .
 i clicked a facebook ad about a new pain cream treatment . i didn't think i gave enough information to charge me (no credit card) but they have my address, name, insurance information, and a soundbite of me agreeing to pay the supposedly small co-pay . They prescribed 3 creams, two have 5-6 meds in them, each billed individually, and the other was a resveratrol supplement with no proven benefits . i looked up the meds and they have no proven use when used topically .
 i've been ill for a while, haven't been sleeping or eating properly either but decide to drink cocktails . i ended up a wasted state. i said some awful things . i stormed out and got a taxi home and proceeded to cry and get in contact with people at 7am to cry some more .
 An acid dealer dropped acid on a friend's roommate and dropped it on sour patch kids . The acid was so strong that he had to drop out of school and drop out . He was hospitalized twice for hysterically yelling at people in the streets . He later had a schizophrenic episode and became very religious and never did another drug again .
 My uncle just got out of the hospital for around 4 weeks because pneumonia in his lungs . i decided to offer to walk the dog with me so he could get some exercise for his legs because he can barely walk . When we're walking he decides to go to the supermarket to get some juices and cheese and then we leave . i insist to take the bags but he says \"oh no i'm fine\" when i get home my uncle still isn't there . i run two blocks and see him there against a wall out of breath. he tells me \"i've been calling you why couldn't you hear me?\"
 A police officer broke two of my dad's ribs when he elbowed me in a movie theater . My dad was a cop who worked overtime for extra cash at the theater . He was also my free to go on dates with my date and not have to spend money . The incident happened during the prime years of your youth .
 i didn't know the 9.2 jailbreak wasn't out yet in the time,so i searched and searched tried everything but failed. so i was going to jailbreak his phone,right?i didn't . know the jailbreak was out yet . so i tried everything and failed.
 The reddit user says he started dating a girl's best friend after a fling ended badly with her . She's bi, but she dealt with it, mostly because she's bi and this one really hot girl wants to get it on with her, she says . The best friends haven't been talking recently, and today girl#1 told me that the best friend told her she doesn't want to talk to her anymore .
 i made a pizza delivery guy drive on icy roads to get his car out of my driveway . i saw him banging on the wheel and shouting as he was trying to get out of his car . After 15 minutes of shoveling we got the pizza driver's car out . i'm sitting here with a cold pizza and the guilt of making a minimum employee drive .
 i provided ecstasy to a 40-year-old dental hygienist and mother of 2 so she wouldn't feel like she missed out on her youth . His sister tattled on me to their mom who thinks i'm a drug dealer and an alcoholic . His mom sends him emails imploring him to break up with her son .
 The following is a description of the movie for anyone wondering about it . In the film leon (reno), a professional hitman, reluctantly takes in 12-year-old mathilda (portman), after her family is murdered by corrupt drug enforcement agent norman stansfield (oldman)
 i lost my debit card a couple of days ago, and not knowing what to do, my dad suggested i just get a new one from the bank and cancel the one i lost before anyone spends any money on it . But as he was calling, he told me it would take a whole two weeks before i got the new card . So i decided to use up my free trial of amazon prime and get everything within two days . But apparently, that only made it so i had to pay $21 to cancel the prime membership, in addition to the 10 dollars that were just charged all stacked on top of the $99 .
 i accidentally swiped right on a girl that i \"knew\" (we have 80 mutuel friends on facebook, however, we aren't actually friends) as i was brushing my teeth yesterday morning i was doing my daily swiping on tinder . As i was about to unmatch, i get a message from her saying we should hang out . She unmatches me, but i'm more than a bit weirded out by this chick . i proceeded to block her on facebook and delete tinder because its just too much trouble .
 After a long day of work and a nice workout, i get home and all i want to do is shower . I was cleaning the toilet and dumped a good amount of bleach into the bowl, scrubbed it and then \"flushed\" it . After a couple seconds i feel a uncomfortable burn, then realized that i never flushed the toilet because i forgot to hold down the handle until everything flushes .
 i started my new job about two weeks ago, my boss comes up to me and asked to exchange numbers, so we reach each other if need be for work . He then tells me that he'll text me his name so i can save his number too . A minute later after he walks away i receive a text: \"this is john.\" But i wanted to text back \"no, this is patrick\" but i hesitated .
 An online payment was sent to my real estate agent . My housemate and myself have an inside joke whenever i send her money; typically i'll do celebrity names instead of my real name to make her statement look suspect . Now i need to wait till the real estate office opens in the new year and explain a 'celine dion' payment to them .
 When i was in elementary school, i had little friends, quite literally 1 or 2 out of a group of hundreds of students due to my introvertic-extrovertic mix of a personality . i found out later that the reason judas had talked to me those times was to get access to my homework assignments which always conpleted that sucked . After a cruddy summer vacation, i came to middle school with two of my favorite teacher of all time, as well as some good friends .
 this actually happened a few months ago but a friend brought it up today . My girlfriend at the time and i went to a party a friend of mine was throwing . We drank a fair amount, not wasted but definitely drunk . We decided to go to bed after that as it was already late and we were tired, but before i fell asleep another one of my friends poked his head in the door asking if he could sleep in the bed since there was nowhere else to sleep .
 Both my coworker and i were on vacation from working in the fundraising department of a nonprofit . Neither of us remembered to set up voicemails saying we'd be out of the office, so frank oz thought we just were ignoring him . i returned to the office after being home to a very angry voicemail from frank oz about how we weren't returning his calls .
 Me and this girl, henceforth known as a, got to talking a while back, when she was dating one of my good bros . We started to grow closer, and we started to feel a spark for each other . Three days ago, we started talking about how we felt for each another . We didn't know quite what to do, because we didn't want friends to think she broke up with her boyfriend to be with me . We decided to go to church yesterday morning so her mom wouldn't get too suspicious, and talk it out over coffee the next morning .
 This is my first tifu . I met a girl on a catholic retreat two to three weeks ago . I asked for her number, she agreed, things were going smoothly from there . The next day, her friend (let's call her jade) took her phone and decided to text me . She deleted the conversation we had had in jess' phone so she did not know what we were talking about .
 Taking part in my first secret santa, i get matched to a guy in canada, my home country, so i go overboard and spend waaaaaay more than the suggested $25 on a box full of goodies and toys and candy . Two weeks later, i am surprised to find the box back in my hands . i contacted the guy, ask to check the address for my own sake before sending it again, only there are no more replies from him .
 i've known (we'll call him c) for about 7 years now (we're both 24.) we went to the same high school and the moment i saw him i felt incredibly drawn to him . After about a year of dating, i had to break it off, as much as it killed me . We still saw eachother here and there, but eventually went about 2 years without so much as a word . i reached out to him after 2 years of nothing, but we hit it off like we hadn't missed a beat .
 My family is in town for christmas and we are having a good time opening presents . The dog shits on our carpet, which is white, so my mom gets pissed and tells my sister it has to stay outside until my sister goes home . After christmas dinner, me and my cousins decided to get stoned and play black ops 3 . The next morning, the dog ran out to the street and got ran over by my sister and niece .
 A temp office admin job was supposed to shift his start time up and hour as another person going on vacation . Boxing day fell on a saturday this year because the observed boxing day for most places is today . Public library hours may be affected by boxing day (observed)
 Chicago cops pulled guns out of their guns after playing a card game with my gf . The two cops let out a frustrated sigh and holstered their guns . We haven't played that card game since, but after recent events jogged my memory jogged his memory .
 This is the first time i've confessed to having sex with a dildo in my apartment . The story goes back a long time, but not that i finally found a place to confess all of the times i've messed up, you will all be hearing from me a lot. ha!
 It's 2am, and i'm pretty exhausted having been on le computer for a couple hours as redditors often are . i stagger to my bedroom to find the cat already asleep in my bed . i give him a couple of nudges to get him to move over, and he refuses . i then proceed to get comfy and start falling asleep . as i'm getting drowsy, two things happen: a) throat starts to get itchy because dear redditors, i am mildly allergic to cats, but i'm tired as fuck so i ignore this... and b) the cat jumps back into the bed with me and settles into a ball next to my head . i fall asleep
 At 1pm, i made lunch, drank about 3 cups of coffee, then got out my computer in order to type a few essays that i have due in a few days . But before i start, i remember that, \"hey! i still have vyvanse left over from last month and i can take em!\" He then gets up to look at the snow storm as it gets worse and deepens the already bizarre snowbanks . He then eats a quick bowl of potato soup while it's still hot and go back to writing again . At 1:30 am, i'm exhausted and decide to go to bed. \"i'll finish in the morning.\"
 An hour ago, i woke in the middle of the night on my living room couch (around 11:00 p.m.) i had realized that i left my laptop turned on (it was sitting next to me), i opened it to turn it off, only to see that the last thing i was browsing was a porn site . then i remembered that i was going to have myself a good time before sleeping, but there was too many people up and walking around, so i fell asleep disappointed . i finished as fast as i could, tidying up, checking more than 3 times, i swear i was shaking at this point . i flush the toilet, wash my hands, and shove the
 The pepper grinders exploded all of the place, rolling for many feet in all directions, down aisles, up and around and almost out of the front door . The incident happened many, many (like 20) years ago but i am still emotionally scarred from it!
 i decided my revenge would be to finger my wife after eating jalapeno kettle chips thanks to a post on this sub that i had read before . My wife freaked out after i did it, and punched me in the face and said we were getting a divorce . She's on her period and she says this all the time and never goes through with it anyway .
 A friend of mine was always sending me weird links on facebook that usually ended up being a really lame meme or one of those creepy youtube videos . The next morning i opened up my laptop and saw a little message on my screen saying that the fbi has seen my internet history and is asking for 500 dollars to shut them up .
 tifu by giving my friend my phone for 5 minutes . i hate even giving my boyfriend my phone, because i have terrible selfies and accidental nudes (and on purpose nudes) on my phone . i watched as he swiped through my pictures, getting close to the pictures of me in my bathtub, and he finally sees it- *damn it.*
 An almost 20 year old version of me was sent to represent an organization at a conference in nashville, Tennessee . The story took place about a year and a half ago while attending a conference . i was 19 years old when i decided it was my final chance to convince two friends to go to a strip club .
 A 16-year-old boy tries to talk up a girl at a bus stop . The girl was clearly trying to get home quickly cause she would periodically check her phone's time in hopes that the bus would come soon . She replied with a simple \"oh, thanks\" and then kept the conversation going with \"where you coming from?\".
 i was in utah for the holidays, hiking, drinking, lots of fun. i came back to vegas today a few hours ago and my friend is still out of town, asked if i will go to her apartment and watch her dog for a couple days. sure no problem. i connect to wifi, open a bottle of wine, call a few friends, and of course check the fridge for some food. theres some frozen tart things that look good, so i preheat the oven to 400 and go back to drinking wine and chatting with friends. af ew minutes a go i hear these weird cracking noises coming from the kitche. so i go to investigate. the smell
 i (m, 22) just got home from christmas shopping and my sister (f, 18) is out with her friends watching a movie . i thought to myself \"what a great time to jerk off!\" so i got on my phone, and went to pornhub. three minutes passed and i heard the front door unlocking . i locked my phone and cleaned and put my pants on, but the second i put on, my sister comes through the door. she looks and sees my hard wood in my pants and looks at my phone . she yells \"are you jerking off to me?!?!\" and slams my door.
 My father comes into town around christmas time and we go out to the bar where we met each other to have a few brews . After our obligatory shot of whiskey, we ordered a few nyfrbs. well they went down a little to well and i ended up black out drunk. flash to this afternoon, i got onto instagram and for some reason i posted a photo of my wife, topless, with the comment \"nicest t1tties in the galazy\" what woke me up was my wife screaming at me and throwing a shoe at my face. took the post down and have been on the receiving end of her anger all day.
 A few days ago, while i was home for the holidays, my girlfriend and my parents shared a room for both nights she was up . The toilet at my parents house is an old house, and the toilet was very... weak . After a few minutes of sex, the condom was causing problems and we had to stop after several minutes .
 Every year after stockings, all the dudes in the family take a picture with the underwear we got in our stockings . We usually pack onto my grandparents couch and and then take the picture . After the picture, he gets off to go play with one of pur cousins, meanwhile i stay on the couch talking, and then i smell the smell again, and, also, my lap feels wet, and for some obscure reason, i think it's just because he was sweaty... that was a stupid thing to think. So i go to my brother, who still has his underwear on his head, and i pull him over to my parents .
 A manager of that particular walmart happened to be checking out at the register behind me, heard me tell my daughter to ask if she could try one also, and started paying attention to what was going on at our register . He asked me if he could see my receipt for some code at the top and the time stamp, then asked for my name and contact information .
 Black mirror is an anthology series that looks at the effects of technology on modern society . Each episode is a self-contained story with its own plot, characters, etc. as a result the order in which you watch the episodes don't matter . The premise of this episode is that a princess has been captured and in order the free her the prime minister has to have sex with a pig .
 After work on boxing day i meet up with my boss (recently promoted was same level for two years) who is like my best friend and who i have been crushing on since i met her three years ago . She tells me we are just friends. really good friends and she don't see me like that. (friend zoned) i proceed to cry and try to dig myself out of the friend zone. she is really concerned and scared i will do something stupid so doesn't leave me alone and waits for a while. we then agree i should go home and i do . i drive for twenty minutes heart racing and put up in a supermarket car park .
 A few days before xmas i went to my doctor because of a pain in my ass hole . The doctor diagnosed perianal abscess . After draining i decided to soak my ass twice a day, antibiotics, and naproxen . The pharmacy wanted way too much for a sitz bath so i found a large plastic serving bowl at the dollar store .
 i had just gotten a haircut which leaves my sides and back of my head pretty short, yet i still have a lot of length on top . My friends kept telling me i looked like a \"f***boi\" and it became the running joke . Then there's me, at the dinner table, bored as hell, and i see myself in the reflection of the microwave glass .
 The way they set it up is that i pay for the course in advance and when i pass they reimburse me . because the courses are industry specific, they charge a ridiculous amount for a 10 hour course ($800 + gst) So i went to the course, probably aced the \"test\" and the rest of the grade was based on class participation (showing up counts)
 i would have done it on the same day, but i was still embarresed at the time . This happened near the end of the school year on a hot sunny day on the track (pe) i looked back instinctively to see if she heard. oh good lord if you saw her face...it was a mixture of disgust and disturbted .
 i decided to go kayaking with my family down the wisconsin river . The kayaking was fine, it was the ride back where i got colassally screwed . The only things hurt were our hearts... and maybe our wallets. We couldn't even find a bright fucking yellow kayak, and now we're out 500 bucks to replace it.
 i had all 4 of my wisdom teeth removed a couple of days ago and that shit was bad enough; massive swelling so i was prescribed some drugs that feel like they distort time to help with the pain relief and reducing infection . By this stage i hadn't been able to take a shit for 5 days, eating only jelly and liquids didn't help either and i knew it would be brewing inside me by now . i had just recently applied for a job at a local retail store and was hopefully going to be my first one . When i was almost tripping and was being driven in the car, i somehow managed to mumble out the words that i'd call him when i got home to sort
 i'm addicted to that game and have been playing it quite a bit the past few days . Unfortunately today my boyfriend has to go home so as we turn off the ps4, low and behold the bloodborne title screen is still there . i now have bloodborne burned into the screen of my family tv, oh joy!
 My year old chocolate lab saw a squirrel in the yard. i live in the country and so have no fence and a very big yard . i didn't want her to run off to the neighbors or into the road, so i put an 8 foot leash on her and opened the door. she proceeded to dash across the yard at full speed. her speed took me by surprise for some reason and i went down. she drug me across the hard, dry ground until the leash finally broke .
 Roommate smokes a joint while watching master chef and decides to go make munchies . i'm gaming in the other room i hear her chopping onions and complaining about it hurting her eyes . i start chuckling because i assumed she cut herself.. the idiot. After a great deal of whimpering, i get the story out of her: her eyes hurt so much and she was too hungry to stop .
 Father opens package of 'fifty shades of grey' lubricant and a butt plug . Father is anti-everything that is even remotely a sin, including masturbation . Father says he doesn't know what kinky stuff he's into, it's like he's not even mad .
 \"My boss, in short, hates everyone.  he's a dick, just mean and super critical and verbally abusive . But it's otherwise a good job with good pay (self storage) so a couple weeks ago he had some procedure done and was given meds to take . He hasn't been in a whole lot since the procedure, mostly on the days i'm not in . Now i've been noticing over the last couple of weeks when he has been in (though i didn't put 2 and 2 together) that our bathroom was being savaged by persons unknown .
 Political Science student's mom was concerned that he won't find a job after graduation . She asked her advisor what he thought of the job market for political science majors after 9/11 . He replied, \"well, it's good that happened,\" but it didn't come across that way .
 There are these \"gourmet\" coffee/tea/drink packets in the staff kitchen . These packets cost like $0.50 each . Being the paranoid ass i am, i decided to take a hot chocolate packet since i figured the company owned me at least that much . Then i notice a hole on the bottom, so i just poured the powder in my mouth from there .
 i'm on holiday to lanzarote with my family . i locked the door behind me, locked it in the shower and went to wash my hair . When i reached for my favourite aussie shampoo, aaand... enter monstrous hell-beast!! The spider had it's web draped all over my conditioner .
 i work at at&t (call center). had a customer call in and when i asked for his name he said it was \"tien\". being the goof that i am and assuming that everyone has seen the glorious light of dbz i replied . \"oh tien you seem to always have your third eye open. thank you for calling us about this issue!\"
 One of the guys mentioned some exciting news that his wife is pregnant when their first child is born . When it got  to me, i said how i didn't want kids, and that my so and i are on the same childfree train and he is even considering getting a vasectomy . This triggered the lady going through the fridge because next thing you know i'm being verbally attacked by her .
 My friend adopted a large breed dog they believe is either a german shepherd or busseron . The dog, b, likes to wrap his fore arms around a person's waist and bite at their arms . This has led her to say she is afraid of the dog and that she needs to stop his aggressive tendencies . After spending time at their house, i came to the conclusion the dog has been displaying normal puppy pack tendencies and teething .
 My mum becomes very angry when she finds out she has been playing video games on the computer for hours . She yanks the computer along with it, and my pc falls to the ground smashing . She says it was my own fault and that she's glad it can't continue to ''dominate my life''
 i am from india, mumbai which has a huge population of nasty pigeons . My flat has a net outside the window to restrain dumb pigeons from entering in . I tried to ignore it but the flapping noise kept disturbing me# i am not a cruel person. i tried to wedge the plastic net open and splash!!on my face scenario; blood on my face, it's head in my house . It fell form the 12th floor onto a white bmw.
 i was supposed to go drive up to north jersey to hang out with a girl i was friends with from the previous semester at college . The girl told me she would text me her address sunday when she was ready for me to come over . It was 95 degrees with tons of humidity making it feel like 105 (at least) outside .
 In the UK, bathrooms don't have plugs for safety reasons . This has always been fine at university, as i can just shave in my bedroom and hoover up afterwards . My girlfriend has been away for 2 months, so until now i haven't needed to shave the crown jewels and surrounding area with said beard trimmer .
 i have work monday to friday 9-5 so usually i'm up by 7:45 (commute's around 30 min) i woke up at 8:25 today so naturally i was running around my place like a chicken without a head . i get to the train station and the train was just closing its doors . but at that moment, someone was forcing open one of the doors (probably late like me) letting out a primal scream, i sprint through the turnstile and make it thru the closing doors . But then the doors open again and i see this stunning girl dashing down the stairs like i was seconds before .
 /u/whodak 's submission on tifu [see post here] by using my friends new bathroom . Usually i am able to restrict myself to a few manly chuckles and pass it off as a humorous e-mail from one of our contractors or clients . However, while reading the unfortunate yet hilarious post above i could not contain my laughter at all.  i burst out in full belly-laughing mid office and disrupted everyone, including the client meeting down the hall .
 At the theatre where i'm from there is an m&ms dispenser and you fill a little container with whatever type of candy you want . You can basically get double the amount of candy by filling the bottom of the container and the cap, putting the two together, then opening it in your lap later .
 i had to quickly snatch it out of her hands like some kind of money hungry asshole, before my 6-year-old ended up with some unknown, powdered drug all over herself . All i could say was that i'd give her a different dollar bill when we got home. she still probably just thinks im a greedy piece of shit.
 i sent a text stating the new phone number was my current phone number. i then forgot to state my name, so i received about 45 text messages saying \"who is this?\". i tried to clear things up by entering my name and apologizing into the mass recipient text but when i sent the text, here's the fuck up i didn't uncheck \"group message\" and so i added around 60 people to one group chat and hell awoke.
 The stench is enough to make you want to vomit . The seats on the bus are just a bunch of bunk beds with a mattress that has not been cleaned for god knows how long . The only thing that made the ride survivable was the smell of the toilet .
 \"Ganesh with **** are you interested in\" a telemarketer? \"no! i am not interested! goodbye!!\" Ganesh: \"lets see how you like being hung up on and interrupted motherfucker!!!\" The manager of the telemarketeter company called the man to ask why he was hung up twice in a row . The manager told him not to fire him, but use him in some other way .
 A moth got tangled in op's pubic hair reminds me of my own incident with mr moth in the shower . i was showering and was half-way through, thinking it was my lucky day. for a second i almost forgot about the moth sitting so close to me when it started wriggling around. immediately i was like shit no not now please i am almost done let me go first please. of course it doesn't listen and started moving up the cubicle. i started spraying water onto the inner side of where the moth was at .
 This is a day-beofore-yesterday-i-fucked-up . The gang and i went camping for the weekend, and while we were talking we came on the topic of some of our friends being short . We were talking about how some of them were tiny and then my girlfriend says, \"i'm tiny, too!\"
 A black lab was found wandering around the neighborhood . He started clawing at the ground near the fence and started crying and whimpering . Luckily he was found by a neighbor who recognized him as a neighbor around the block . She called the neighbor and they came over to get him and he was eventually lured back to their backyard .
 This week i was flying to an interview in the mountains to get to the location of the interview . The interview involved a one day trip to the hotel as the next day would be the interview. The day before the interview, i prepared myself for how i would get myself to the airport well in advance to not miss the flight . The next day, i got to the gate only to be told that not only was my fly down but there was a 3in hole running down my crotch .
 i told my teacher i'm going to slay the magic dragon n smoke some weed with him.. so what happened after that? she sent me to the principal for \"insulting the teacher\" and i got detention... i didn't even bother complaining . 1 hour after the school..  i went to the bathroom while going to the . principal . (our teachers have phones connected in every class and room)
 Spiffydrew was 19 ish years old back in 2002ish when he was living in a tiny house with 3 red headed women and another guy from his high school days . In order to pay rent for the \"red headed hell house\" i got a relatively shitty job at a local office supply store . i had my eye on one girl...she was a sorority girl, cute, flirty, great body and always laughed at my jokes .
 i have a learning disability that affects my social skills . i used to have trouble making friends and now i just have trouble getting a girlfriend . i'm guessing she got it from someone based on the way(s) she aproached me. i didn't think anything of it. At a school dance she stopped dancing and immediately came over to me to give me a hug .
 i didn't get fired or anything but we had a talk about what is appropriate to read at work and what's not . Original post is here: \u00a0http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/3e2say/Tifu_by_jacking_off/
 An unemployed college student living with her dad in his apartment this summer . Residents with cars are supposed to buy a parking pass to display in the front of the car . My dad had the brilliant idea of photocopying his for me to display on my windshield in a plastic case on my dashboard . Two weeks later, his car was towed for the same reason .
 One of my worst fears about driving became reality. This all happened last night. This is where i executed my fuck up exquisitely . i was driving high, with a car behind me riding my ass with his high beams on and in front of me a truck just barely going slow enough to annoy a short tempered driver .
 A 6-year-old boy we will call littleshit and 4 year-old girl play a game with his sister in law's sister's house . The game goes awry when the two kids play in the pool . The boy's parents have never followed through when they tell him not to do something so as far as he knows his actions carry very little negative consequence .
 \"does it feel like an old man is touching you?\" is the most awkward and uncomfortable phrase to ever leave my mouth . I immediately realized how creepy that sounded (the horrified look on her face made it obvious) apologized, apologized, and proceeded to feel extremely uncomfortable and embarrassed .
 There's this guy i kinda like at work, the serious type of guy who almost likes the same things i do . He treats me differently from his other girl pals at work . Almost all people hate him at work but i like the qualities they hate about him . After work, he asked me to go to the mall together .
 i moved into my apartment in california a little over a year and a half ago, not thinking to see if the place had air conditioning . i ended up buying one of those cheap tapestries off of amazon to use as a blind that would still let air/some light through but provided cover . i put it up and thought it looked great and just as i had hoped, i wasn't able to see through it . i figured the opposite was true so i opened the blinds and was greeted with a nice warm breeze .
 A straight straight guy who has been texting a girl for a couple of weeks . She rang him at 2am after texting him about distracting him from his pool game . She texts him back 10 minutes later and he's got a missed call from her . She text him back and he says she's not the type of girl to want a \"late night\" phone call with a guy she's only known .
 i overheard a co-worker who was doing a meeting by phone . He was presenting, and in my usual prankser style, i overheard him saying the names of the server he was working on . i thought i'd get him to crack up since he was presenting to the group, obviously a big deal . His reply back was \"shared screen to meeting\"
 i'd had a girlfriend before but i'd been very curious about guys (had the odd drunk kiss) i was coming up to halloween and asked my friend (lets call him rat) round cause we had been school mates and he knew i was bi and was call about it . He was so indirect about everything he said it was all \"maybe this\" and shit which confused me a lot. He was very indifferent every time which started getting on my nerves. He slept on the floor and me in my bed. We both started jacking each other off.
 A middle-aged woman took a tour of downtown and led her to a hotel . She made a series of racist remarks and said that she is gluten-free . She also said that when you \"worship the devil, all you do is kill\" Her phone rang at the end of the tour and she called her ex-girlfriend .
 Homeless man offered to tell me a joke, so i politely accepted . It wasn't a very funny joke, but i chuckled because i felt like it was the right thing to do . He followed me all the way to my office telling me incredibly racist jokes at quite an audible volume .
 i m a part-time graphics designer and i had a russian client who i was working for . My friend just died in a 1v1 and the russian player on my team got extremely mad and yelled \"cyka blyat\" His message switched my active chat over to him, which was meant for my friend and pressed enter . He didn't reply after that . i should of just used a microphone...
 A small moth landed in the shower of a man's shower cubicle shower . The moth became entangled in his pubic hair and exploded in his face . The man says it was like a scene from predator; desecrated corpses in a jungle. The man is a single man who never had much luck with the ladies .
 i met a girl online a few weeks ago, we played some league of legends and had fun, talking shit, laughing about everything, it was a nice click . We started talking on skype after a few days, she had a boyfriend and i was fine with it, after all we were going to be just friends and enjoy each others company . Now, 2 weeks later, she fell in love with him, and he was stupidly feeling the same, because, well... she may have had a bf and i may have been just coming out of a relationship, no matter all the cliche crap .
 A couple years ago when my husband and i were walking with our kids in the mall, we stopped to look at a display of family portraits and glamour shots . The girl that worked there started to offer a free photo session and a portrait for $15 . She was very nice but not a very good salesperson she didin't push us to buy anything we didn't ask for .
 i'm 18 now so this happened when i was 15, so i wasn't able to date at the time due to having strict asian parents . i would almost never be able to go out, until one day i asked to go hang out with a homegirl . Little did they know, i went to my boyfriends house to take a hit from the bong . i started to involuntary coughing and my eyes turned red and i turned as pale as a ghost .
 Mark and brock had a lot of problems in the past, and he was back for revenge . Mark caused brock to lose the title for a better offer from someone else . mark went ahead and talked to some people in the company that both work at, and a deal was struck . The two men got into a heated battle, and it took the whole team a month to break them up .
 i frequent r/watchpeopledie once every couple weeks because that is about how long it takes for something new to show up . i'm probably just mentally broken from years of internet use. i consider myself totally normal and sane, but for some reason i have this undying curiousity to watch totally horrible happenings. after an hour or two i get bored and find myself awfully grateful for every little thing in my life .
 This is my first time posting, sorry if there's some mistakes i may have done . My then gf for 5 years was texting me urging to meet her in the university she was staying (taking master's degree) She thought that i don't want to share my rough times with her and viewed it as a no-no in a relationship .
 In november 2013, pewdiepie made a video on photoshopping his girlfriend, and in my opinion, it was crossing lines . So i wrote in the comments exactly this: \"i'll be honest, that ain't very nice to marzia. maybe his girlfriend wouldn't mind, but i thought it did\" However, apparently youtube viewers weren't particularly happy about my comment and decided that they can attack me and my self confidence .
 The author decided to swim in underwear while tide was coming in at venice beach in California . He swam for a while, had fun, and friends got out . Then he charged in wearing only his soggy underwear . He says he got out of the water one last time, \"one last time!\"
 i chew around a half pack of cherry bubble gum a day . i have had a stomache cold for about a week but i was pretty sure i was over it . While blowing a bubble i threw up, not alot but enough to fill said bubble to the point where it droops down a bunch waits a few seconds then pops all over my face . i had to clean up at a public restroom and take the day off work sick .
 The only time i really speak english is on reddit or when gaming, i often say \"fucking\" like 'fucking good' when talking to friends of mine, we curse, we do shit, we basically have fun . This is what happened to me on my way to meeting my coworker in the morning, still not here by the way thanks for letting me wait here .
 The story was originally published 18 december 2013, finally got round to writing the story today, 20 july 2015 . This year, my wife and i have great fun with elf on the shelf putting the little guy into funny situations for the kids to discover each morning . This morning, i thought it would be hilarious to put the elf into our blender but it made for a good photograph .
 Two summers ago, i was moving from an apartment in belmont to mountain view, ca - a small 10-15 mile journey . i had moved every 6-12 months for the previous 12 years . The queen-sized 75 pound pillow top mattress came crashing down into the road at full speed . miraculously, it had landed at the end of the \"triangular\" section that separates the ramp to the lane .
 A few weeks ago, i had the lovely idea of taking my girlfriend out to a nice dinner after her shift at work . i told her she could come to my house, shower, change, and we could be on our way . About half an hour later, she arrives and brings her clothes upstairs into the bathroom . i give her a quick tour of the amenities that i graciously provided, and then inform her that we have dinner reservations in one hour so she mustn't dawdle .
 A couple of weeks ago, i was building a new desk, and i decided that while i had everything dismantled, i should give the computer a good cleaning with the air compressor . i do it a few times a year, no big deal. so i start cleaning it, revving up the fan's to make sure all the dust gets out (again, normal) but this time, something's different. i notice my led's come on for a second. \"wait, did that actually just happen..?\" so i did it again.
 \"x\" posted a picture onto the ol' insta. and then there was this guy, we'll call him charles. He was commenting a shitload onto this one picture asking for this girl's number. i come along and tell her to stop leaving charles hanging. he keeps pestering for a number so i post a toll free number to a decently important government service. a few comments after this, he posts his number, openly on the widest of worldly webs, hoping she'll text him. then my friend comes along to take matters into his own hands. he saw the opportunity to fuck around, and took it, texting him \"hey it's x!\" here
 A couple of weeks ago, my girlfriend tells me to come pick her up so we can grab lunch . Her parents don't like me, so i usually don't knock on their door or anything if i see their car . i saw her mom standing at the sink doing dishes and tried to say something, but she doesn't speak English . i asked her to explain what happened to her parents so that they don't think i'm some terrible person that walks into people's homes .
 /r/showerthoughts: \"i feel like a loser now and i guess i won't be posting on showerthoughts again any time soon\" \"i just wanted to get this feeling off my chest,\" says one of the mods . \"i am going to keep them removed because they are indeed spam,\" he says .
 i went to pick up an iced coffee at my local dunkin donuts . A man asked a man for a dollar for a hamburger . He said \"i'm starving! can you spare me a dollar? i'll pay you back next monday for a burger today\" The man said \"don't try humiliating me for being poor\"
 i'm 19 and a pretty shy guy. so i was on tinder, and i matched with this girl. She was cute and apparently 18 and a swimmer. We hung out last week once, this time i used a condom. we haven't been able to hang out since, but i just got a text from her that she was late for her period by a week, and that she's most likely pregnant, from when i \"pulled out\".
 This article is an apology to reddit for a series of unfortunate run-ins with a woman . The writer has run into her a few times before thanks to mutual friends and it's been a very exciting experience . She still has my number as she still has it, and i'm praying my phone continues the trend of radio silence .
 Three former roommates are moving in together into a new apartment . They were doing construction on the apartment so there were power tools, planks of wood, and exposed wires everywhere . They each had their own bedroom and bathroom . After a second swig each, jay brought up the idea to make some \u2018fade-orade\u2019 which is a pleasant mixture alcohol and sugar-packed sports drink .
 This article is a look at the disgusting comments on reddit's 'reddit museum of filth' on /r/askreddit.com . The post includes stories of [morbidly obese women who had miscarriages but were too fat to notice, only to have the fetus decompose under her fat rolls, [jolly ranchers] and the coup des gras .
 My girlfriend has a low sex drive, or either i have a hyperactive one, or i'm lucky to get laid once a week . The one thing she does best, but also does the least, is give head . i love for her to do it, but i think the last time it happened was around 3 months ago .
 A coworker offered to let me stay with him and his family while he was looking for a house . When he removed the trash from the guest room, it was a gatorade cooler full of sploosh . He dumped it in a plastic bag in the bedroom, using tissues to clean it up .
 This actually happened senior year in high school . In government class we were instructed to pick a fictional character, and create a presentation in which we hypothetically had them run for president . One of my friends, high out of his mind decides that the ending video should be a montage of gruesome zombie kills by rick grimes throughout the series .
 i have a chronic illness and my boyfriend has always been my caretaker . i thought it would be a big thank you gesture to him and he would be proud of me for being so responsible . i invited my best friend (besides so) who is a guy who's married and he's never made a move on me. He's the only guy i know with a truck, so i enlisted him to help. He was extremely upset that there was a guy over when it was night.
 A car mechanic dropped his wife's car off and needed a ride on a shuttle to get to work . When he asked to use the bathroom, the door didn't budge . The door flew open with the bracket to keep it locked shut ripping out of the wood and flying across the floor . The bathroom door / wall doesn't go up to the ceiling so it's open at the top of the wall .
 This article is a weekly feature on CNN iReporter's weekly blog . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter feeds . Share your story with us at the weekly Newsquiz.com/Travel . Back to the page you came from . Please submit your story to iReport.com .
 There is a rabbit pacing the car on the passenger side . The rabbit and the cat are in some fairly unkept grass, and based on how this all went it was clear that the rabbit didn't see the cat . The cat decides to take it somewhere more private, and with a rabbit almost the same size as the cat, hops a 6-7 foot fence and disappears under train .
 Like most tifus, this happened on halloween a couple of years ago . One of my references said some things that scared away the job offer . The story does have a happy ending, as after a week of hardcore job searches, i was able to get a better job with better pay and an hour shorter commute .
 i work as a host at a restaurant called black bear diner . We're known for having good and plentiful comfort food where i'm at . Usually you'll have many older folks coming in and out for some good ol' homestyle meals . Around noon, we get our lunch rush, which is pretty normal for the afternoon . i wasn't terribly busy, and it seems like the other hosts had things under control .
 This fu begins months ago but culminated in dramatic glory this very evening . The control knob came off in the dryer when it was supposed to start the cycle . Instead of calling a repairman, i decided to dry my clothes outside on the line . The part that has been vexing me, the timer, is easy to access and seemingly easy to swap out .
 A man hit his dog in the face with a baseball bat as he threw a baseball around . The man punched the dog and threatened to have it put down . The cops said if anything like that happened again i'd face assault charges/have my dog put down, they said .
 In year 10 (9th grade) we had to go on a short cross country route for one of our lessons . This was all to impress a girl i had hardly even spoken to . My hand fell in a pile of what i later realised was cow shit, and i dismissed it as mud and tried to wipe it off .
 A friend asked me to show her a song about suicide . She didn't know what the song was, and when she heard the words \"i'll slit my wrists again\" she pulled the earbuds out instantly and started crying . i knew my friend had depression issues, but she pulled up her sleeve to reveal an unsightly scene .
 i was at a bar last night with my sister and her friends, and i had about five beers and i was feeling it . i had smoked some pot in my sisters friends car before we went into the bar so i was pretty 'turnt' as the young swaggamuffins call it . we begin to leave this bar which resides on the third story of this new age strip mall thing . i land this 6 foot drop with all the force and shock going straight to my ankles . laying on the ground the only thing i could feel and think about was the immence pain in my damn ankles .
 First time tifu post but i figured it was a worth sharing...so i recently found out about /r/gonewild. i thought it was crazy / intriguing how people would post random sexy photos of themselves. The issue is for whatever reason i associated this email address on my phone...maybe so id instantly know if someone commented on it etc.. but i never removed the bogus email account from my phone .
 This is the first time i've been asked to help a child in a public place in Australia . The story is about a young boy and his mother . She says he was just trying to help him out of the way . He says he is not afraid to get into trouble again .
 About a year ago my best friend and i were held up by knife point walking to my car after a great iron maiden show . luckily when i go to concerts i bring my duct tape wallet with just my id and some cash.. in this case i had $40 left over . After this happened we decided that we would not be unprepared if it happened again, so we ordered some rubber training knives off amazon and decided to randomly attack each other to keep us on our toes .
 This happened when i was about 9 years old and still catching bugs in our front yard to keep in jars . i hard a gnarly grasshopper collection in a jar and built their own little terrarium . one day i was outside checking for more grasshoppers when i spot this huge praying mantis on a bush . i immediately caught it and brought it back to my house to put back in my terrarium. i went off to play some videogames and came back to check on them about 3 hours later .
 i was getting to my car (in the building complex parking lot) for work, only to find that someone got into it and stole my old gps and a pair of cheap sunglasses . No biggie except i also kept a secret backup key to my apartment hidden in my stuff . Concerned that they might have found the key and made a copy, i decided to ask the community superintendent to change my locks .
 The dad of a daughter will tell you that bathroom stuff is part of the deal . He says he has an \"open door\" policy on the bathroom at home, and her two brothers...it's nothing she hasn't seen before . The other two guys in the bathroom kind of snort...and then let loose in laughter .
 The story goes back to when my parents were in their hotel room an hours drive south of me . My parents were away on a three day excursion to harrogate and i had the house to myself . The perfect moment arose for me to try weed, and i smoked 2 joints with an experienced stoner who knew a lot more than i did .
 Rapper [g-eazy] is one of my favorite rappers to sing a verse from the last song i listened to before turning off my music for work . He came back and said \"what am i doing? i'm all f****** up.\" Without skipping a beat, i exclaims \"bitch, [you got me\" in a higher pitch - \"you-got-me) fucked up!\"
 i was was was walking around downtown when i encountered a man . He said \"great weather today\", and i replied that, yes, it's nice (it was very sunny even though it was the start of winter) then i proceeded to say that i preferred when it was cold because i love snow and snow also allows me to ski . i realized my fu and scurried off saying \"well beautiful days are better with sun\"
 The author recently finalized custody of his son and has not flirted with the opposite gender for the last 1.5 years . He met a woman who was quick witted, sophistically sarcastic, comfortable in herself, college educated, goofy as hell, and absolutely adorable . She was playful in her messages but never making any advances . She mentioned r&r and wine .
 The fu happened the day of the road test . The car i was driving had a manual transmission which is important to the fu . The silver lining was that we we're in a old mercedes that has that little metal thing sticking out the back so you can pull things behind you .
 Tifu by setting off my schools alarm by accident: 'What a complete and utter twat' i was just sitting in my classroom doing some business work when i got the urge to browse the internet for games as the element of boredom swept over my retarded little mind . below the games tab was another section dedicated to hacking, at this point my search history would seem very suspicious but i didn't give two flying to begin with so i proceeded onwards but with caution all the same .
,
, [{"summary_text": " The cappuccino tastes horrible when it comes to a cup of water and sugar . The expiration date on the packet had at least a year to go . The taste was horrid and i spit it out, but i still managed to use salt instead of sugar in the cup .
 i was a typical inbetweener class comedian in school, trying to make everyone like me and the cool kids laugh . One of the \"popular kids\" hands me a bag of gummy bears and says \"dare you to throw one at the board and make him jump\" The next part i can only remember as being in slow motion, my look of joy slowly changed to horror as i watched the gummy bear deviate off course and head straight toward mr. smith's head .
 K-pop group f(x were having their comeback on the 21st of this month . The comeback date said 10/21/15, but korea is 13 hours ahead of our time . i stayed up until 7 am (8 pm kst) waiting for a video or an album on itunes before realizing after many times .
 In 2013 i ran a 10k race for charity, and used to train with a close friend of mine . My girlfriend at the time (now fiance, go me!) was inspired to start exercising to improve fitness and strength . Over the course of the next two years my partner continued to exercise with gusto, and now hits the gym 5 days a week at a minimum . She's in incredible shape and looks gorgeous (she always has looked gorgeous, but the toned arms and sexy stomach really do it for me)
 This is a story depicting a high school friendship fizz-up . The story was written by a former friend who has a crush on a girl he's had for over a year out for a date . He sent a picture of her talking to a friend about how she still liked another of his friends after an ended relationship 2-3 years ago .
 Last night i was incredibly tired but i was craving some gummy bears so i decided to go buy some at 1 in the morning . When i got home i threw my wallet in the air and threw the bag of gummies and phone across the room . The phone hit my tv square in the middle with a good amount of force and then bounced off the dresser and onto the hardwood face first . Luckily i had accidental insurance on my ps4 but my tv and phone are both ruined .
 One of my friends in year 10 told me about a game called the 'the odds game' You dare your mate to do something stupid and ask them what are the odds of you doing it . If both of your numbers add up to the number your friend picked, you both do the dare .
 This is the first tifu post and fyi not against gays throughout this whole story so please bare with me . The first tiffu was a couple years ago and me and a couple guys went together to amsterdam: the las vegas of europe. (but you can speak about amsterdam! this is why i'm making this tifus)
 An argument started with a girl in his class . He sent her a 40-second profanity-laced audio to show her how much of an ass he was . She didn't take it so well, got really mad at him, and now she's blocked him .
 4th grade me thought a great way to boost my career was to have a magic show in front of my class . i was so bought on magicians and magic that i thought i had this down, i didn't even practice . The teacher forced the kids to do faked claps and i cried when i got home .
 When i was maybe 10 or 11, my grandma used to give me money every week . Normally with this money i would buy lego or something but this week was special, this week i decided to buy 20 helium balloons . i inhaled a further 11 balloons without giving myself the chance to take in oxygen . my face turned green and i started to asphyxiate and nearly passed out . No one could take my cry for help seriously as i had a seriously stupid voice .
 This happened when i was in about 6th or 7th grade . i remember being told that you can get rid of hiccups by being scared . So dumbass me thinks it would be a good idea to jump at a brick wall . This obviously didn't go as planned, and i hit with my chest first, which made my head go into the wall . i immediately went to the lifeguard station, while i saw a life guard at a post laughing at me .
 i had learned english back in my homecountry, but it was all by book so i couldnt speak or really understand a word of english . i will never forget how sick i felt that moment, and i continue to try and watch what i say after that incident .
 5-year-old asked his parents questions about the colour of ghosts in costume . He asked 'but ghosts are supposed* to be white not black' as we passed a muslim lady in a burka in the other direction . i was mortified and held my head down as we walked past her .
 This is the story of a childhood dumbass mistake that happened in grade school . The story goes back to when i was a kid who turned in a receipt for a cookie dough prize . The cookie dough on the receipt arrived to the school and i took them home . The only justice here was that i enjoyed every bit of it and then threw it up .
 i'm an air cadet and twice a year we go out and ask for donations from the public in front of businesses like timmie's . After our last shift of our day we were all back at the squadron building to hand in the money we collected and to wait for our rides home . while i'm eating (the sandwich like wrap) our commanding officer walks in to find someone or something and like we're supposed to someone calls room . however, i was busy trying to devour a huge piece of lettuce that wouldn't decide to get in my mouth or stay in the wrap .
 The pain was so intense i thought he had cut off my manhood, and naturally, i was terrified . The doctor appologized profusely afterwards, and it's first now, on the 11th hour after the surgery, that i can begin to fathom what really went down .
 A few weeks ago my one friend who has a slightly overgrown yard decided he should do something about that and he had a few trees he wanted to cut down, so he put the word out to us all that he was going to have a lumberjack day . Another friend is having car trouble so he needed someone to pick him up so i volunteered . His sister didn't recognize me at all so she brought the kids inside in case i was trying to abduct them . Luckily their mom was able to piece the situation together and i didn't end up on the pedophile list .
 Unlike many other posts this actually happened today . The story is a lurker, but i am no storyteller only a\u00a0 lurker . I was going to take three national flights here in norway, because theres not really many direct routes . The flight attendant pressed the wrong album and opened one where like 85% of the pictures showing were nudes of me... The look on her face man.. i am a 18 year old girl, and she was probably around 50 .
 i've been working as a landscaper for about month for the summer . It's been great working hard outside instead of dealing with customer complaints . The first fly stung my face, my brain kicked from 0 to 60 to realize i ran over a low flying group of bees . cue the benny hill as these fucks relentlessly chased me outside the pool to all over the golf course .
 A friend bought a 1970 nova that was brand new, had it for 23 years until it was completely rusted out, and then sold it for a few hundred dollars . A couple years ago, he finds the same exact car for sale on ebay, and buys it back . Me: \"it's like a parent finding their adopted kid.\"
 A 25-year-old man got drunk on cinco de mayo at a mexican bar on the fifth of mayo . He was invited to a bar down the street to celebrate the holiday with his friends . After many cervezas, tequila shots, and margaritas, he decided to set a table for a couple making out on an outdoor couch . When the couple started making out, he called out, \"seriously, we're at the bar, man, fuck off\" He set the dish in front of the couple's female companion and said, \"if i settled for dogs like this beast you're slobbering all over i could get
 i built my system when the amd a10_-5800k came out when i was in 7th or 8th grade and just went straight in . i wanted to dust it but saw my whole build was dusty . i decide to take my gpu out and with it comes the actual black casing for the pcie16 . All the pins under the where the casing was...they were all bent down and mangled .
 i read something about nasal pore strips, and how satisfying it is to see what they remove from your skin . The next morning i woke up with a pimple on my nose where the glue had been . i was diagnosed with mrsa in the face and admitted for a week at the hospital for constant iv antibiotics and 4 incisions in my nose .
 A friend dressed up as a member of hamas at a mock middle east peace conference . He made a fake bomb using two pieces of white paper stuffed with black tissue paper folded to look like c4 charges . The next day he skipped first period to make his costume . The teacher burst out laughing with the rest of the class .
 i just finished taking a motorcycle training class. really liked my classmates and made friends with them . (2008 suzuki gs5) He thinks it's great and i decide to show my buddies in class . get a message from one of my classmates saying his dad bought the bike for him .
 This morning i was making breakfast and wasn't wearing my glasses . My mom tells me to take my sisters sweaters from the dryer and give them to her . So i go upstairs and open my sisters door to give her the sweaters, and i see my sister and her friend trying on bras . i can't see which one is which, because a, i don't have glasses on, and b, i'm panicking. i throw the sweater at my sisters friend (who i thought was my sister) and run out of the room .
 i'm at work and the a/c is pumping out a bunch of dust because i tend to sneeze more often and my nose becomes runny from time to time . Without thinking i lifted up the underside of my shirt and violently rubbed the mucus from underneath my nasal passages . A woman walked up stairs and was looking right at me as i went to town on my nose with my shirt like a little kid .
 i work at a gas station and part of my job is taking out the trash to the dumpster a little ways behind the building . The area is known for its stray cats and raccoons, but not today . When i opened up the door a cat jumps out at me and scares me senseless .
 A few years ago when i was a sophomore in college, i tried to sneak on top of the roofs around campus . i even have a map of the campus which i put on the back of my door and cross off a location each time i accomplish something new. i don't think i was going to be able to do it until the cop left, or we all die, or i just don't know until the morning or until the next morning .
 The 2008 saturn astra xe was a good deal for $4900 . It only had 68,000 miles . The a/c compressor was shot, and i couldn't use it or risk breaking my car . The dealer is not going to fix it, but they will give it a loaner .
 i was walking around the mall when i stumbled across an \"as seen on tv\" section in one of the stores . i saw this stuff called wonder wax, that is supposed to only stick to hair and not to your skin . i had just shaved my legs and my lady bits yesterday so i figured the best place to try it would be my ass crack . i don't always shave there because when the hair starts to grow back in a few days it's pretty uncomfortable .
 A few weeks ago, my boyfriend decided to trust me with the password to his phone . While he was asleep i decided to play with it a bit and wanted to see some of the pictures he had taken of us together . i opened his gallery to find pictures and videos of him with other women, now i knew he had had a decent amount of ex girlfriends and hadn't deleted anything on his phone recently but being a stereotypical woman i overreacted and decided to go through his messages .