i was on skype on my tablet as i went to the toilet iming a friend. i forgot one of the most important things to do before pooping. i think the best part was when i realised and told my mate who just freaked out because i was talking to him on the john!
my school was named after anne frank and we had a club that i was very active in from 9th grade on. basically a day where the students' classes are cancelled and instead we give them an interactive history and social studies class with lots of activities and games. i was running the thing with a friend, so it was just the two of us and 30-something 5th graders. we start off with a brief introduction and brainstorming: what do they know about anne frank and the third reich?
last night there was a millipede outbreak. little buggers were everywhere, including my beer when i drank it today.  burned my mouth, firehosing it all over myself, the walls, and the ground didn't help matters much, either.
after my mom died from cancer last year, i started looking for my estranged father . i had only known him for a short time when i was 6 and barely remembered more than his name . he told me that he had been a horrible alcoholic and that he didn't pursue custody of me . i don't want to hurt him, but i just can't trust him .
You\u2019re 25 and currently at your peak on many levels. your physique is at its best it\u2019s ever been and you\u2019re excelling in your professional life. you just completed a big project, you\u2019re driving home with a big smile on your face and amazing prospects are waiting. your confidence is at its highest. you think making mistakes is not a problem, there\u2019s all the time in the world to make apologies, fix what you\u2019ve done wrong and make amends. your short-sightedness, cockiness, testosteron-laden bullshit and a series of consecutive mistakes \u2013
i tried this before and the results were great but i had decided to do it again because of how well it worked. the slight peroxide kinda smell ensued and all was going well, there was a slight burning but thats to be expected, you know, melting pubes off does that. but, the danglies were what was burning, i scraped them and withstood the pain because well lets face it, men are men and a little pain for balls as smooth as jam jars is fine right? wrong, it did great at taking the hair off it, but decided to take the first layer of skin too,
i was in line at kfc and he was counting pennies in his hand in front of me. he turned around and said if i could spare some money for his lunch since he recently became homeless. the situation seemed genuine so i gave him $10. right after he said bless you and walked out of the restaurant and across the street to a liquor store.
i was at a pool party for the graduation of a friend of mine, and i had a blue shirt to wear, which i had expected to be wearing the entire time. i discovered within about fifteen minutes of getting in the water that it wasn't comfortable to wear, so i did away with it. several hours later, as i sat watching a movie, i flexed, and realized the pain that began to spread across my shoulders.
she hasn't responded and i was going through the ingame friends list today and looked at her profile, only to accidentally push the invite to game button. now i seem really creepy/annoying.  kat, if you're reading this, i just wanna play some xbox with you cus you seem cool as shit.
After painting kids faces at a carnival, i was going to have a bath . i put in some epsom salts (i always do for my bath), and i grabbed my bottle of peppermint essential oil . the other day i took a 'detox bath' (fyi did nothing for me guys)
my parents usually go shopping at Costco each weekend, and are usually already gone by the time i wake up. i kept missing out on the opportunity to \"drop off\" the empty cartridges before they are gone. this week, i got the cartridges out and packed up and laid them in a visible spot last night. cue this morning. parents are still around. then they left behind my back without saying anything, which means i'm low on ink for yet another week through the fault of no one else but mine.
knife went in half an inch into my kneecap . Next day it felt as if there was a sword in my kneecap, nearly bringing me to tears . Every time i have to sit or stand my leg has to be straight out or it's excruciating .
i haven't had a bath in practically years so, after finally moving into a house with a bath, i decide to have one. Having recently purchased a shiny new bag of weed, i thought combining the two would be a good idea.  picture this; a very cramped bathroom, no windows, a shitty extractor fan, closed door, steaming hot bath and a spliff.
i hit cancel when adding over an entire new album worth of pics and figured it wouldn't download any of them.. dead wrong. some were nsfw party pics that i wouldn't even let myself be tagged in, and pics of this guy i used to talk to that were shirtless.
while going down on her, i got a tickle in the back of my throat . i coughed, in a big way. right into her pussy. i blew a raspberry into her pussy. she was bewildered.
i thought it would be funny to leave a fake note from the cable company saying things like \"screw you\" i drew a penis with the cable company's name on the back. i tried to make it so over the top that no one would think it was real. flash forward to a few days later, sam's parents came in and thought it was real. this escalates quickly and my roommate who is our primary tenant calls the cable and flips out on them.
spiders have been trying their best to get their revenge on me since chewing on a spider in my soup at work just less than 48 hours ago . well luckily i looked first, because under the toilet lid, some huge spindly 8-legged fucker was right their chilling on his web . i noped the fuck out and clanged the lid back on the seat . the golden liquid still had to come out, and i was not willing to get trolled by another goddamn arachnid .
on my way i saw landscape workers working around the houses and cleaning. i meet my gf and go find a spot in the woods. the spot we went to seemed nice and lonely for the both of us to hang out. We were having sex peacefully until we heard workers. they sounded far but every second they seemed to get closer. We realized that they were just a few feet away.  quickly me and my gf got up and get dressed and head over to a different spot which was not a good idea.
i work at a day camp for my summer job. its a good job and doesn't pay that bad. i had been having problems with some coworkers for awhile, and felt like i kinda had no friends there. things got heated a couple days ago at work, and i was in the middle of it. the head counselor yelled at me pretty bad for something that wasn't my fault, and also in front of my kids. the boss had a special meeting after work with all of the counselors about how she has been hearing that some counselors are having problems with each other.
i'm out of cooking oil, but want some french fries . i search the internet and find that if you cover french fries with something, either napkins or another plate and microwave them, they turn out ok . i tried it, i took to plates, smushed em together and put the french fries in the microwave. (don't try this at home) i was poking around the fries when my finger squishes into a really soft one, right into the hell-fire center . i put aloe vera on the end of my finger and it feels like little tiny snow angels
after hanging out with a friend of mine, we decide to visit another friend at her house since we're nearby . i pull up the driveway, see other friends' truck in the way, so i try to go around . i get out, lo and behold i'm stuck. if my truck had 4 wheel drive, i wouldn't have been as concerned . i dodge the truck, which hits the girl's barn. neither the barn nor the truck was hurt, but i was pinned between the truck and the barbed wire fence on the passenger side .
boyfriend was really wanting me to get a student sports package which guarantees you seats so i can watch him in the band this year. he reminded me to do it back in July when we were in san together and since i'm naturally a very very person, i tried to file it away with an urgent stamp in my mind so i wouldn't forget to do it right when i got home well, fast forward to today, almost a month after that trip, and i just remembered to go online and check how to buy a package. turns out the last day you could buy one was ten days ago.
my dad was recently cheated on by his wife and so i greeted him this morning with a nice cup of coffee and a question of how did his dick taste?
when i reached down to scratch her, she tolerated it for about 10-15 seconds . after i got my hand loose, about ten seconds after the initial hit, it was already turning purple with a huge blood pool underneath my middle finger nail . my other finger nails felt like i had played that stupid bite down on them as hard as you can, then push your fingers together game .
after a long day at work, i came home to my family being gone--cooling off at the public pool. being the normal \"home alone dude\", i decided that it's been a while since i've had a good fap.  shortly after, my wife and kids arrived, we had dinner, and all was well in life. that is until my wife wanted to check her fb account and so she popped on the computer, opened up chrome, and came face to face with my vids. she called me over and asked who was the person who last used the computer. out of instinct,
my computer is just in front of my bedroom door, but off to the left a tad . my mom walks in, sees me, pants off, seal on the screen, junk out, all done. i look up, made eye contact. my mom just staggered out of the room and went out somewhere. we haven't spoken all night.
i'm looking to be in the best shape of my life come wedding day!\" \"well, i guess, but the season won't have started until after the honeymoon, and as we are going somewhere hot, i want to make sure i look good!\"
i was sitting in the cafeteria at my college when i felt a particularly big cough coming on. it was a very effective cough, and apparently too effective, because instantly i realized i had shat my pants.
i was walking to the toilet and i see 3 pairs of disembodied eyes floating towards me . my mum rushes to my aid to see me lying on the floor covered in blood with 3 cats demanding my attention .
now i have to register with another temp agency, and what's worse, i have to find a new place to live since my parents are kicking me out of the house .
i was getting settled in, but little did i know the small decorative holes in the back of the chair had caught the bottom part of my belt loop on the back of my pants . i check my belt loop, and it had ripped at the bottom seam and created a fucking hole in my pants where it was sewn to .
i can check the oil, i can inflate the tires, i can even change a tire, but apparently i can't even clean corrosion from my battery terminals without making one stupid mistake . i tried to do a little preventative maintenance of my own and ended up fucking myself over .
as a joke i search up some terms like porn, kinky porn, kinky midget porn and even more porn . he practically shows the entire classroom including the teacher . i really doubt most people knew it was a joke, so i just try to play along and make sure to laugh a lot .
our toilet is broken and we have to manually fill it up . i do the deed and flush. suddenly, every tap in the house starts vibrating. it was like something out of a cartoon. i wrap my hands in toilet paper, after checking my bf was still sleeping, and i grab the giant shit. it literally felt like a subway six inch that had been filled with too much meat.
today was our school's blood drive. i sign up with great enthusiasm and notice my friend who happens to be a girl is in the same slot as me. we go together to the blood drive bus and get signed up, strapped in, and they tap our veins. it takes about 10 minutes and my pack is full. i tried to make her sit and rest but she insisted in goin to class. the next thing i hear in a dead silent hallway is a faint thump. i turn around and she's on the floor, passed out. at this point i go full on panic mode
it actually didn't happen today but about 5 years ago. i was still a virgin and kind of frustrated about it. you know how it goes \"shit i'm still a virgin...\" i heard that there was a girl which i heard she was pretty easy(let's call her easy girl from now on)
i've always found it interesting how even the least bit of skin can make me succumb to my urges . well, i looked at a couple of pictures and decided she wasn't going to cut it so i went ahead to more interesting things (should read as youporn) my dad turned around, wiped his foot on the carpet and left walking slowly. he has never mentioned this after that night and to this day, i am still unsure if he knew what is was or not .
my boss had a stroke. he was hospitalized today. While a coworker was explaining his status i had my ear buds in and was hysterically laughing like a hyena at adviceanimals.
i was masturbating, and had a giant orgasm that made me clench m teeth really hard . my tooth felt weird, and apparently, i chipped it. now it hurts and my tooth is crooked .
in a process of it this morning, i ripped the shirt around the chest area about good 34 inches . ugh it was my only light purple color shirt.
i feel like there has been an influx of \"this happened x amount of time ago but anyway....\" type post. i realize some people didn't know about this place when they had their fuckup and thats why something within a few weeks is even okay in my book.
this happened this last weekend we all know that \"i'm glad you came\" song right?  yeah i now will forever hate that song let me rewind i am 22 years old and in college my mom and sister came to pick me up for the weekend because my car is at the shop well anyways that song comes on my sister starts singing it . The idiot would be the one to say \"thats what your mom said last night' she immediatley smacked me and the mouth pretended and nothing even happened .
i left my keys on the counter and locked the door on the way out. it was both my car keys and my condo keys and i had no way back in. my wife had left for work 5 minutes earlier; i tried calling her and she didn't answer. so i decided to walk...not three steps down the stairs i felt a fart coming on. i let it out slowly because i haven't been feeling great lately, and i felt a wet juicy fart slip out of my cheeks, only it wasn't just a fart it was diarrhea.
i got up all groggy n shit, was all like \"shit, i gotta pee\" i sit down, with my good posture and a halfy goin on, i peed right through the gap and into my pajama pants.
girl in my class and i have been working on a number of projects lately . there seems to have been a number of signals, her calling things \"our song,\" texts for no reason, etc . the only problem was that i was her group leader (she was working under me) and i felt it inapropriate to make my move while that was still the case . friends come over, i get wasted....wake up the next morning with a different girl in my bed and her ignoring my calls .
i've never sat in that friend's lap again .  driving in an ambulance with a dislocated knee cap was never on my bucket list . after a month, with crutches, a knee brace and some really pleasant taping, physiotherapy and an inability to climb stairs easily, my knee was finally released from its self-induced prison .
today i read tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do for our exam . i didn't know what tifu was .
we were in the living room because nobody was there, as she was moaning i looked around and i see her brother pass by me, i stare at him for a quick second and he walks back into his room, she looks at me and we stop.
dirty sex toys were found, and i have to be out by the end of the month . i have to be out by the end of the month .
i was in grade 6 or 7, and my school was having a remembrance day assembly. the assembly was typical - poems, a couple videos, etc, and then one of the younger grades had a song that they were going to perform. while they head up to the front of the gym and start doing their thing, and meanwhile i'm sitting on the floor with the rest of my class and i can feel a fart building up. in retrospect, it would have been a good idea to unleash the gaseous buildup in my bowels while those younger kids were just beginning to belt out the lyrics to their song, but
i brought my laptop to school to hook up to one of the extra hard drives while i had decided to reinstall. so get to school and whats the first thing my dumbass self does? put the installation disc in and format the whole hard drive without backing up. so now i have lost all my videos, half finished projects, notes and school work.
one of the kids found a sharpie, and i didn't wash my hands after. now that i think about it, the pen did smell like ass, but i thought all black sharpies smell like ass. besides, if someone was gonna stick a sharpie in their butt, wouldn't they throw it in the trash instead of just out the window?
In the heat of the moment we forgot to shut the door. it kind of bothered me but we have gotten away with it before so no biggie. well today our luck ran out and right as she has my steve johnson in her hand and getting close, in barges my step-mom with papers to sign for school. there we were... pants undone and my little-big man 2 inches from my girlfriends face, we all made eye contact, dinner is in 15 minutes, and i'm not sure how this will go. wish me luck!
i woke up extremely tired, looking for a way to wake my self up .  poured some cereal into a bowl and got a cup, got out the milk and juice, and poured the milk into the cup and the juice on the cereal .  noticed the odd taste, and actually liked it.
i saw a woman drop something small and i decided to help a sista out and pick it up for her. as i was bending over, i heard her say, \"no, you don't have to do that.\" thinking she was just trying to be polite and not save me from any impending fuckup-ery.  noticing what it was, my eyes got wide. it was a tissue. i guess she had a cold or whatever and had been blowing her schnozz all morning. anyway. i managed to prevent any further embarrassment by not actually touching her snot (i was only a
i decided to roast the little bugger and upon taking this huge rip while my lungs expand i tilt back a little too far and, i end up swallowing a gulp of week old bong water . shock is an understatement...i did everything i could to stay calm and not think about what just happened.. i immediately run while gagging to the closest thing i could eat to mask this huge mistake and grab a jar of mustard . it worked but i was still \"shocked\" about what had just happened and wondering why i still felt the cold, grimy, nasty-ass taste had started to feel like
he lives 200 miles away from where i live, but my life's rather busy and he doesn't have a job right now . there's a huge secessionist movement within a different region . i am a lover of said region; it's the place where i feel the most comfortable in the entire world .
i've never wanted an email to come back more. i just wish i had used a different word. update to come later. i sent her an email saying, \"after sending the previous email i hadn't realized my wording in the last sentence. it came across as being insensitive and i apologize.\"
this was all thanks to one redditor, (i cant remember his name) i screwed the title up, no changing it now! i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness. thank you.
after seeing my blog she wanted to make her own. after hearing her say that, i realized.  oh my goodness, my mom will be able to see my blog and all the pictures of half naked men in that i have posted over the past few months.
i took the speaker with the intact audio output, plugged it into my phone, hooked up the speaker to the voltage oscillator, kicked it up to five volts, and started playing a song on my phone. little did i know that the current would travel through the speaker, up the auxiliary cable, into my phone's battery where the battery beyond had a maximum load capacity of only three point eight volts.
i took a wee wee and got some piss dribbles on me hands . when i went to wash my hands i forgot bout those urine droplets and i cusped my hands together to get a drink, allowing for my leak and my wawa to mix and run down my throat .
now my little sister hates me because she thinks i tried to seduce her boyfriend because he told her i did and he rejected me. my other family think i had a ptsd reaction or did what he said i did. my boyfriends a porn addcit who is probably going to dump me soon. i just shouldn't have ever told anyone what happened to me because maybe then i'd have my family and my boyfriend would want to touch me.
she puts the number in my sketchbook on Wednesday. today is Thursday, last day. usually, i have my sketchbook, but i didn't have anything i wanted to draw, so i left it in my locker all day. when the time came to go, i didn't have it, and i talked to her on the bus like always. she even asks me if i had it, and, being a dumbass, says \"uh, yeah.\" i get home and try to enter it in my phone. but no, jnc96 is too smart to check if he has everything.
i seldom go to starbucks but today i decided i should go, well inner me decides, \"hey! lets get a frappucino!\" i'm lactose intolerant and coffee usually upsets my stomach, but hey i really wanted to go to try the new hazelnut frappe and this totally escaped my mind.
one day, i had to help share a file between my computer and my brother's . my phone uploads the recent backup of my texts, and my brother sees it . Since it had a weird file name, he opened it to make sure it wasn't some virus .
i dropped my phone, cracking the inner screen (which means it won't work anymore), and there was a break in the motherboard of the phone. a few days prior to this, i've been working on my computer, because it wouldn't boot into bios properly, and i threw my phone in a fit of rage. it flew towards the computer whose case was open from yesterday, and my phone slammed into the 660ti graphics card, damaging the fan, and the pci port.
my cat likes to sit on my toilet as i'm showering. probably because he likes how warm the bathroom gets as i'm showering. The other day i jump in the shower. and sure enough my cat is sitting on the toilet, as usual. So i grab my razor and start shaving. so i start shaving. not even 5 seconds after starting, my cat jumps at my shower curtains, startling me, and in the process, i nick my dick.
bitches, man. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a bitches. I'm a
my cousin is only 3 years old, so he understands none of that . my ipad was on the floor and it wasn't broken but the screen was veeery dark .
irish, st patricks day is a big deal to us and that means getting shit faced and having a good time, and thats what i did. i got pretty drunk, went to a club and had a great st paddys day. there were bands playing and it was genrally just a great night! i left the club at about 2am and ended up fucking about outside for a while with my friends, i had to get a bus at 2.30am so i had 30 minutes to kill. those 30 minutes soon past and the bus pulled up to collect us and bring us home but there
after telling him a few times to slow down because it hurt, he switched back to good old vaginal intercourse from behind . He was still going in from behind, so i decided to stick my butt up and arch my back down because it drives him insane . he was still going in from behind, so i decided to stick my butt up and arch my back down because it drives him insane .
i'm guessing it became lodged in my throat somewhere and dissolved, and i burped up the powder . the powder was very acidic and gave me a sore throat made me queasy for awhile .
she sat in the middle of band practice, as i reveal my tastes in porn to her. She didn't say anything, just opened a new tab and pulled up sheet music. handed it back to me when we were done, and that's when it hit me that she had seen.
The manager who is a good friend tells the (hot)waitress that she owes me a hug and a kiss . Me, being an anxious, never-been-kissed and never had a real girlfriend virgin, freak the fuck out and stutter out \"nah, don't worry about it\"
i was going downstairs about 2 hours ago to get something to eat and possibly to drink . while downstairs i notice my mother eating a salad, and naturally i was like fuck yea salad i love me some salad. my step-dad rolls in the kitchen and tries to pull off his version of the heimlich maneuver as well which also wasn't pretty at all. my wife comes down the stairs and she starts freaking out and calls the ambulance and i realize why she was shocked as i saw the puddle of blood coming from my mothers mouth. my step-dad left shortly after and i havn
I applied mosquito repellent to my skin and it started burning . The more time I spent in water - the more unbearable it became . Right now i'm standing under air conditioner - cold air ceases the burning a little .
as i was drinking some, my little sister comes up to me and says \"give me some milk\" i said \"no, get your own milk\" \"please?\" \"no\". she the got really pissed off, walked into the kitchen and grabbed a bowl and smashed it on the floor. i went up to the shards and called for my mum, just as my little sis grabs one of the shards are stabs me in the arm.
my wages were just garnished by the state to the tune of 25% of each paycheck for the next 4 months in order to pay taxes i couldn't pay a couple of years ago (my own damn fault) i exited a store today and laying next to my car, was a wallet. i picked it up, got into my car and immediately looked to see how much money was in it. $30. damn! i could really use that money! damn! i really wanted to just drive away and think of that money as a (birthday present presented to me by the powers that be) but my stomach started to
i decided to get a late night snack in the dark, so i grabbed a hotdog bun from the package. in hindsight, it did feel a little stale, but i'll get to that later. so i get back to watching a movie and eating my delicious hotdog bun, when i realized, 95% done with it mind you, that it feels a little *too* stale. i stop and examine it in my phone's light, and lo and behold, it wasn't stale, there was some mold on it!
i forgot to get my mother a gift on mothers day and i though it would be fine. although what i did forget to also do is even say happy mothers day to her. i should have said something before but now my mom's upset thinking that i don't like her.
i woke up around 10, and as i walk out my room, i stretch and whack my left elbow against the door frame. (you know the tingling sensation you get, i got that strong.) i put my arms halfway down and push of the ground to swing. instantly i regret this as my left arm gives out completely.  needless to say, freya ignored me for a few hours before forgiving me, and i definitely woke up.
on my way home i decided to stop in an alley and take a piss. i ended up writing my initals beautifully in the snow. i figured it would be a good idea to take a picture and post it to facebook seeing it was going to be spring. well i'm shitfaced and the flash on my camera wasn't working. i stood there for about 20 minutes snaping pics of my urine.
i forgot, the women's room is right next to the classroom and the men's room is across the hall. when i walked out, i saw a girl i know about to walk in. i just muttered \"wrong bathroom\" and quickly walked to the men's. in my defense, a couple floors below the one where this happened, the men's room is in a spot roughly analogous to where the women's room is on this floor .
rain has come to punish me again. hard. i get in the car and drop the kids off, i then proceed to meet my father and uncle. i have to take back country roads to get there, if i want to get there quick. i realize for some reason the cough brought up a loogie in my mouth. i try to look around finally for something to wipe it up, but nothing is present. i'm now sitting still, scared and covered in snot, vomit, rain, and shame.
i was working at a fast food restaurant working the grill. it was a particularly busy day, and i didn't have a lot of experience on the grill. Now cathy has burns on about 90% of her body which is very unfortunate, but cathy is also a huge bitch. i immediately feel the daggers of empathy go through my heart, and try to apologize, but the damage is done and i realize that everyone around me is just staring.
yesterday on my way to uni I stopped off at the atm to check my balance and get a bit of cash out . I accidentally put some paper in as well as the card . As it still managed to read my card i thought \"fuck it\" and carried on, checked my balance and went to take some money out . The card however did not want to come out and so i had to get a member of staff to help me out . He took the back off of the machine and managed to get my card out, but said that it was out of order for a while
i walked into my school all happy and shit and saw my ex,sitting by the wall.  apparently our 4 month seperation and she still holds it against me, so she decides to kick me in the fuckin' dick. The teacher gave me a warning and walked away. i then decides i wasn't done cussing her out and continued to tell her how stupid and ho like she was. yet again the same teacher was behind me... last warning and walked away.
After much pleading with my girlfriend i was able to convince her to have special sexy times . Not only that, but i was going to, for lack of something clever, cum right on her neck, which sounds fantastic and foolproof! So we are going at it, i'm making sweet sweet glorious love to her sweet sweet boobs. i start to get some tingles and jingles brewing downstairs and i get ready for what i expect to be a wonderful and simple ejaculation. but, it took this mysterious angle. and it was as if time slowed down so as to allow me
after 2-3 days the blade of my stanley knife was becoming rather blunt . Suddenly something didn't feel quite right, there is no pain, just the sense something is 'missing' After 3 days: http://imgur.com/gu3tyl9 edit: first post, be nice.
ended up with ten stitches in my ring finger on my right (dominant!!) still not sure if there's nerve damage...it's still pretty numb, which isn't a good sign.
i went to practice tonight, like any other night. Tonight being the start of the season, we were picking our numbers. it went something like this coach- alright pog232 what number do you want me- how about 44 coach- no, grizzly (big ass defender, hence the name grizzly) has that me- ok what about 69? After practice began he went home, said he didn't feel good.
i bought new glasses a year ago and new lenses into my old frame at considerable cost, subsidized by insurance. i figured i wouldn't need vision care for at least another year, so i did not renew coverage January 1 . now i have spots and other freaky things in my vision.
my map app told me that it was a toll road so i pulled out $20 cash thinking it would be plenty .  turns out it doesn't even matter because i get in the wrong lane and end up being forced through the ez pass . i have taken cross country road trips alone with 4 kids since they were babies and have never once felt as stupid and incapable as i did then .
i stuck a sewing needle into a syringe to use as a prop for a drawing i was doing. kept it in case i wanted to do something else with it. months later i'm cleaning/reorganizing the upstairs of the house (i have free reign of the 3 rooms + bathroom) so things are haphazardly thrown in piles. my mother comes upstairs to do laundry and i guess the prop syringe was on top of a pile... right next to the hamper.
i was hanging out with a friend at a school dance, and a ping-pong ball rolled our way from a nearby table. i picked it up and gave it to my friend because she wanted to hold it for some reason. she looked at me before throwing the ball and yelling, \"fetch!\" playing along, i ran after the ball. i wanted to look cool so flopped to the floor and slid towards the ping-pong ball on my stomach. all was fine and dandy until my body slid over my hand and bent my fingers backwards. i got the ping-pong ball, but also received a fractured growth
i'm not an expert on windows 8 by any means, but i thought i would at least give him a brief tutorial just to help him out . this guy was bounced from line to line and no one was willing to help him, so why wouldn't i make his day just a bit better by doing him this one favor? lucky me i guess, half those tabs were porn. straight up porn. my favorite had to have been the \"daddy daughter massage play\"
i was trimming around my ears with my beard trimmer that has an adjustable length attachment, it adjusted from #4 to #1 and now i look like just bieber.. i was trimming around my ears with my beard trimmer that has an adjustable length attachment, it adjusted from #4 to #1 and now i look like just bieber..
Last week, the money my parents gave me for college went away faster than usual, because i had to buy some groceries on my apartment that i didn t account for . Now, i dont have a debit card so i can t get money from my savings that easily. So naturally i don't tell anything to my parents about me running out of money and i try to solve the situation myself by asking my friend to lend me some money . By friday morning i had only enough money to return to my apartment and thats it. As i was pretty much bankrupt and i had
i'm a legal adult who has a pretty much legal right to look at porn . i'm a woman with six lactating breasts, with the body and face of an anthropomorphic dog, and a dick that could more appropriately be called a third leg . she hasn't said a word about it. but i have noted a large rise in 'joking' \"sure you aren't gay?\" quips from both parents . i can not look either parent in the eyes, despite the fact i'm a legal adult who has a pretty much legal right to look at porn
last 20 seconds and im tied with my friend who is sitting there split screening with me. i win by a kill. herrs where i fuck up. i get so excited and all of us are cheering that i kick the xbox over. it makes a weird humming noise and we wait like 10 seconds before unplugging it. he pops out the disc, and shit, its scratched. its now unreadable.
my friend, brother and i went to go watch a movie at a local theatre. Im getting over a stomach flu so ive been passing gas lately, sorry for the tmi. so we find a parking spot and i thought it would be funny to rip a huge one before we leave to see if the smell would still stay in the truck until after the movie, i really didnt need to so i tried to force one out! and boom... a big ass shart!!!
after wandering around for a bit i found they didn't have balloons, but i figured i'd go ahead and get the raisins so it would be one less stop another time . i go to this walgreen's almost everyday to pick up smokes and park in almost the exact same spot every time . i climbed into my super sexy dodge caravan, grabbed a cigarette from the pack in the seat, and noticed a pillow on the passenger seat i hadn't noticed before .
/r/tifu will do our best to stay on top of one of the key components of our community . i would like to thank you all for the laughs and cringes that have made /r/tifu such a wonderful place .
i tried contacting gmail and yahoo about retrieving the email. that fail.  freaking out that this person has all my bank info, tax info, and i fuck up big time. please help.
because my nails are super thick and i have scissors instead of clippers, i tend to forget clipping them every now and then . i stumbled down the mini-steps into the hallway, sending my right big toe smashing into the back of my left foot . Turns out my nail was so long, the leverage from the impact cracked it in half horizontally, and sent the sharp interior edge down into the nail bed .
i received a call from the attractive woman that i had been texting the previous day and i looked at the number thinking \"oh god, what have i done?!\" soon, i scrolled through my text messages realizing that i was texting an obese, not so attractive male associate of mine.
i completely offended him with a lame joke about him looking like dale gribble when he was younger . we were going to hang out in may because he's staying in my hometown at a house blocks away from me . i am wearing a gg allin t-shirt as this is happening.
we got a bit hungry around 1-ish today and decided to get something we haven't eaten in a while. i offered my dad to buy him lunch and he said taco bell. i was hesitant because i never really eat there (i'm not big on taco bell, sue me) my dad reassured me that the loaded grillers they now serve we're great so i took is word, got my friend, my dad and myself a bunch of shit and had a nice lunch.
not paying attention, i pressed where the play button usually is. instead of hitting play, i bring up my tumblr (where i have my porn)  suddenly, my screen is filled with bear (big hairy men, not the animal) cock. i panicked and closed the app and tried explaining that my friend was messing with me sending various pictures. she played it off, but i'm not sure she bought it.
we're friends, have been for a while. so i'm thinking i'll go here for lunch. she's working, and i starting talking to her, hitting on her, cuz she's hot and i'm a guy so fuck it, why not.  turns out, when i dated her friend a while back, and dumped her after a week (bitches be cray), she didn't like it. also turns out, we aren't friends. and she hates me.
juan's previous two attempts to block him from getting to my lane and stop pulling that fuckery failed . Fortunately, the guy driving it was cool and only wanted $50 for the broken mirror on his car . He didn't seem like a dick (and also might not be a resident/citizen; he wasn't a high roller from the looks of his car and clothes)
i found a gym by my house, got a three month pass and went for my first workout today. i figured i'd warm up on the treadmill for about ten minutes, so i jump on and boost the speed up to 5.0, my usual speed in high school. it's a little difficult to keep up, but i manage and hop off. then, it hits me like a ton of bricks. i can't control it; i throw up in the water fountain with three people behind me in the lineup. all i can hear is people shouting profanities and gagging.
i lost 3 physics programs i had designed to create gifs for my physics professor to use in his physics 101 class .  1000+ backpacking photos. my debit card purchases are still logged on my online banking, but all my hours from my personal tutoring job and my public tutoring jobs are gone .
i work as sales in a manufacturing/distributing company that sells paper and plastic products. a distributor contacts me and is interested in spoons, requests prices, i give, and then orders. he gives me a card over email, which i should've suspected, but i didn't since it was a large amount of $$ and i'm based on commission.
i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. the only thing holding me back was the 95$ fee to apply. i tried to pay for it myself because i knew i'd have no support from my parents - but my card was declined each time i tried and my mom said i should \"think about it more before i apply\" all while speaking in a saddened/angered tone.
i had to walk 3 blocks home with boxer briefs full of masala shit . never gamble on a fart; i've lost that bet too many times .
when i got home i vaguely remember swallowing two little blue pills that were on my bedside table next to a bottle of water. i've taken them twice over the past week for some obvious bowel problems, and i have no idea what possessed me to take them while drunk.  needless to say, they started working around the time i was to board my flight...
i had asked if her sister was single and whatnot, i pretty much just asked that in general because i thought my sister and hers where not friends anymore, i tried to say my bad and apologize but it was busy. though as i left she said in a joking way from what i could tell that she was going to tell her.
i let my bills pile up, forgetting to pay them until they got too big to pay off on my own . my parents received calls today about their credit going to shit now as well . my vehicle is co-signed by them, therefore they are on the line for everything as well .
i've filled this truck up properly with diesel fuel countless times in my years working for my dad . i feel like a lot of you are assuming i am child which would definitely make my mistake not as bad . i just got side tracked in between eating my just heated cup of noodle and cleaning a pretzel spill out of the center console .
[very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.jpg) [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.
i have a tendency to get really, really bored at work - because we have long periods of downtime. to keep myself awake i try to make myself physically uncomfortable. on my way in yesterday morning, i knew i had to drop a deuce, so i figured i'd hold it til after work to get me through the day. it didn't help. a minute later my boss nudges my arm and tells me to go home and get some sleep - i had fallen asleep watching the clock. so on the drive home, i'm annoyed at myself. as i pull off the highway i
Headsooth is a chapstick like device which you apply to your forehead when you have a headache . It gives a deep cold/burning sensation which isn't pleasant and the best of times .
my first class had been canceled, and i was running late for my other class. we were having a test in that class, so i wanted to get there on time. best way? to drive fast. keep in mind, i drive a 97 ford with a little 4 cylinder engine. didn't see the cop just off the road. then, to top it off, i didn't have current insurance cards.
i copied the link to a bikini pic and sent it to her. i said it was \"weird\" and \"i could probably explain it if i looked at the code\" which is an awful cover but i'm a cs major and she's technologically challenged so she usually just trusts me on tech-related stuff.
i had lost my old lock but i had the one from my locker at my last job so i just brought that with me. when i get done with my workout, i go back in the locker room, grab my soap, a towel, and underwear, lock my locker and go shower. there i stood, wet, cold, and in my boxers, staring at my locker and the empty locker room and contemplating my next move. the entire gym is one big room, with mirrors around the perimeter. if you're in the gym, people can see you. it was late, but not late enough that
i could have walked but walking makes me dizzy so i trod to bus stop, take the next bus to the train station, take the next train. i'm thrown from the train because it isn't going anywhere anymore. twaddle out right into a random pond. my **home** is where my parents live. roughly 500 miles from campus. the next lecture starts in 4 hours
i was chatting on google hangout with my boyfriend and a mutual friend. while he was gone i took the opportunity to show my boyfriend a really cute dress i bought recently, then when i was done i started to change. i didn't know he didn't need another invite to get back in, but i jumped out of the way just in time. i heard my boyfriend's voice say \"uh... mrsbbk?\" and i turned to look at the screen. they were both sitting there and in the window of my own webcam i could see that i was fully visible.
i did some nude photography/modeling a few years back . While i love the pieces i did and do not regret them in the slightest, i don't particularly want seeing my friends, especially male friends, seeing me nude .
http://i.imgur.com/kqslddv . Follow us on Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/iReporters . Follow us on Twitter: http://www.twitter.com/iReporters .
My friend's team is now captain ahab and the whalers . His team avatar is a picture of his opponent making out with the largest ham planet . i absolutely lost it. snort a loud laugh and grin in an otherwise silent classroom .
i intend to study a masters degree this year for which i need to get a bank loan to fund it. i applied for the loan which is specifically designed for those wishing to study a masters. i have now been told i was rejected from getting the loan because my credit rating is too low.
i think it's a combination of pms (which makes me want to have a dick inside me in the worst way) and just thinking about the incredible sex i had this past weekend . well, my boss was in a meeting all day today so i let the horny-ness get the best of me . my 68-year old boss turned on by my masturbation/orgasm. he then went into the bathroom for a few minutes, and we haven't exchanged words since the incident .
My family cast the responsibility of killing this behemoth to me . i put the broomstick up to the wall, start crushing it slowly, and yell \"die ni**a\" i've never use the n word a damn day in my life, well until yesterday .
i tried to date him towards the end of our thing (6 mos ago) and he skipped around it a lot . right after that, he decided he wanted to date me. throughout the whole 4 months i slept with the other guy . he recently just got over texting me... but when he came this weekend, i realized i missed him and wanted to hang out with him a little more .
dropped it on top of the dryer, and continued to switch the laundry . as i tried to replace the lint trap i knocked the previously found lighter in the hole and cursed loudly as it dropped to the bottom of the dryer . my poor boyfriend had to pull the dryer out from the wall and take half the thing apart to find the damned thing .
i am sitting in one of the new chairs when i feel a little sture of nature encroaching upon my stink wrinkles . i think, \"ok cool, done this a million times, just push it up and let it out easy and no harm done\" but oh no, **ohhhh no** instead of the dainty lady like poot i was expecting . the entire room fell completely and utterly quite as the loudest noise came from my anus, followed by a river of soupy shit .
My little brother asked me to replace in the batteries in one of his toys that he said wasn't working . i went over to the fridge (my parents keep batteries in the fridge for some reason) and got 2 of the big d-cell batteries that my brother's toys use . i wrapped them in aluminum foil and put them in the fridge. it's an odd smell to describe...kind of like burning but more...i don't know...electronic-ish? i raced into the other room to try to remove it, only to hear it pop as i was nearing the kitchen
I had never been sick from alcohol until the first night . One mate nailed the grimmest effort of a girl in our whole resort . Saw an ambulance pulling up. woke up in the middle of the night on a drip .
today i had two exam finals and a paper final due tomorrow. then i would be done or, so i thought. i get to my 1:30pm final and begin talking to the guy who sits next to me...who just happens to be in my class with the paper final i thought was due tomorrow. some friends of mine come in and as we're talking i let it slip i have a paper i need to write for tomorrow. the guy i was talking to before interjects and with a look of pity informs me that our paper final was due today. i immidately panic and type out an email
i had bought and finished a bottle of grapefruit juice and decided to use the bottle and toss it in the trash later . i did my business and set the bottle near my chair so i wouldn't forget.(mistake) so comes Monday, its 6 am and im in near pitch black darkness, i lazily roll over to reach for the juice because i'm thirsty and take a swig. my eyes opened wide and i spit it back into the bottle, grabbing the real bottle of juice and chugging it down.
we decided to start taking shots of scotch after drinking like 5 glasses of wine each . i came to school today hungover as fuck. fml.
had myself a nice 16 oz. bottle of starbucks iced coffee to wash down a bland dining hall breakfast. enjoyed it to the last drop. the problem is that i'm not a coffee drinker.
i woke up disoriented at 8:20, obviously having missed my alarm. my exam starts at 8:30. i bolt out of bed in a split second, screw the coat and hat, gotta get my ass to class. i scurry into class only a minute late. victory! i felt like i had just won the olympics and the boston marathon at once, total cloud-9. felt goooood man.
it was a small receipt but damn, it contained my tuition fee which my parents could only rely on . and now my parents cannot pay my tuition fee, i also cannot have the exam tomorrow .
my grandmother is not an avid user of the internet, but i am. i implored her to change to a shaped plan. a shaped plan is where instead of charging you extra when you go over your data allowance, they slow your throughput with no further charges. she refused. i consistently went over our data allowance with pornography every single month that i lived with my grandmother.
The dildo fell out of use and i became accustomed to the sound of it rolling around in the trunk . Eventually, i got tired of explaining the story of the dildo to people and threw it in a messenger bag that remained in my trunk . i searched and searched and could not find the dildo. there can only be one explanation. and my dad hasn't said anything. and i'll never say anything either. but until the day he dies, my father will know that his son, at one point in time, owned a sixteen inch double ended floppy black dildo
before leaving home i brew some tea, stick it in my thermos, and out the door i go. the test was in a lecture hall with chairs that have a little desk which swings up so i just leave my thermos on the floor to keep it out of the way. well when i finish the test i put the paper on the floor so i can swing the desk down, put my jacket on, and grab my bag before i turn in the test. my thermos still mostly full of tea.
i took a girl i was dating to a party my coworker's boyfriend was throwing. like a small peck, i meant it friendly. the next morning, girl wanted nothing to do with me, ended it right there.
i made a promise to z not to tell anyone what happened and as you will soon understand, it is safer if it just stays hidden. a few weeks ago i got a call from a particularly drunken and high z who wanted to do themselves in so i spent that night making sure they were okay. after that night, everything was perfectly fine until 3 weeks later when this sentence was said \"i will always appreciate you. you are one of the best people i know... i fucking hate you! you are a prick. i hope you die!\" and they ran off. over the next few days people started learning
i am so embarrassed. prior to the deed, she was frollicking around with the other dog like a normal, happy puppy. then, right before everyone's eyes, she swiftly lifted her leg and pissed on the dog's nose.
i went on a 2nd date with a girl from okcupid. originally we planned to go snowtubing but the snow had melt. instead she invites me over for dinner. i end up diving head first down a 6 foot drop. unfortunately i break both of them, cracking the wall and causing a giant banging sound.
i was in the midst of the toughest 2 years anyone has gone through . i got so scared of my own shadow, constantly afraid of saying the wrong thing that might add more stress to her life, that i barely said anything . she needed to rip off some band aids to take back control of her own life, and i was one of those band aids .
since it was my first accident and i was hoping to have a relaxing and fun week in a city where i am not from, it's gotten me quite upset. i was parked at a spot on the side of the road. the road has two lanes in each direction. as i signaled and went forward maybe about 2 or 3 feet (i did not steer out of my lane because i could go straight forward) i noticed a bus come up on my left getting really close so i immediately stopped. however, the bus kept getting closer and closer and i soon realized it was trying to turn right into the intersection
she was pretty drunk and at our party. didn't realize who she was at first since it was dark, but hooked up with her in the laundry room. my mate is a really good friend of mine. accidentally got her pregnant as well. don't have the guts to tell my mate.
. - . - . - . - . - . - . - . - .
he ran up to me and said, \"hi my name is dave wig... wigg.. wuh wuh uh wuh... wiggers!\" i laughed for about 5 minutes and then said, \"no, seriously... what's your name?\" he then began crying.
i recently had to cut back on how much i was feeding my dog because he had put on a lot of weight over the winter. in the spring and summer he usually spends a great deal of time running in the yard and playing frisbee so it's not a big deal. but, in my neck of the woods the weather has been awful and we haven't been able to play outside since November.
elderflower soda sprayed everything in an even greater radius than before . i realized i reversed the process of making this damn soda. i spend the next 15 minutes wiping down the kitchen, while my stepmom was laughing at me .
My roommate changed the name of my USB stick on his mac, which for whatever reason wasn't visible on pc. My professor made me tell the story the next class, and that's what i am currently known for within my major as far as i know.
i was not part of the group doing it. well i was, they are my friends from school, but i did not do any of the graffiti. i picked up a can to look at it at one point, so even if i try to fight it i will just get the prints on the cans thrown at me. it was stupid of me for sitting there and watching and talking, but now since i am freshly 18 it will be on my record for ever and i will most likely lose jobs because i technically have a record.
yesterday, the driver confused another mom for me & left my 5 year old with a total stranger . i was bus-shamed. somehow, all of these people i have never met & certainly never spoken to, are talking about yesterday. to my face. they all know that i am the mother who wasn't there. bus stop shamed.
i go to piss, leave the bathroom door open. now we have this outdoor cat named yo-yo that we sometimes let in.  yo-yo is super friendly, affectionate, not all that bright.  obviously this cat doesn't have very great survival instincts.
apparently she saw my penis and muttered, \"oh my..\" and kinda walked away into her room without saying anything else. i didn't know anything until my girlfriend told me after that her mom saw half of my penis.
i woke up when my man left the bed, still didn't get out. i woke up when the alarm went off at 9. then the 15 minute timer, 5 minute timer, and eventually just said \"fuck it, i'll get out of bed at noon\" i normally wear softcup to bed to prevent this csi murder scene shit . My period was being weird so i didn't think it necessary to waste one of them and had worn a pad instead. i was in the basement, half naked with pre-wash soaked clothes on top of the washing machine when he came
i forgot to send myself a notification from the airline website or something when booking my ticket . i was put on a connecting flight on another airline through tampa, fl before getting into birmingham, 5 hours late . i was on a shuttle for the airport when i realized i misplaced my passport card .
one of my co-workers knows her family and we were talking about her before her shift one day. turns out this girl is from a wealthy family, is extremely popular, all the normal things that makes me regress into my old angsty \"i hate pretty girls\" mentality.  one day during a lull we start talking about our families (just basic 'do you have any brothers or sisters?' kind of stuff) she starts talking about her brothers and how they don't get along. i share my experience with my family and tell her 'you know, things may seem bad now but when you get older and
i'm pretty sure he's got aspbergers or some similar disorder, and gets frustrated with his level of expression and what comes out . our project manager quips up and says \"that's quite the last name you've got. is that swiss?\" we start the call, and maybe 90 seconds later, the bridge reports that mr. frenchlastname has left the call (his phone disconnected)
thanks guys where going out now and i have learned from my mistakes . I have learned from my mistakes. Thanks guys where going out now and i have learned from my mistakes. I have learned from my mistakes. Thanks guys where going out now and i have learned from my mistakes. I have learned from my mistakes. Thanks guys where going out now and i have learned from my mistakes. I have learned from my mistakes. Thanks guys where going out now and i have learned from my mistakes. I have learned from my mistakes. Thanks guys where going out now and i have learned
for anyone who is in the military, if someone leaves your house drunk and drives it will be your ass .  luckily security forces stopped them from getting too far before they quite possibly could have caused an accident killing someone else or their family . i imagine someone could quite possibly sue you if there was a terrible accident resulting from that drunk driving .
7 cars sped out of the parking lot in formation. my friend got instantly excited and followed. we thought we were going to see some fucked up shit. we even followed them into the next town. they eventually parked in a sketchy area. when we parked, we saw them all get out and they were only a large latino family. biggest disappointment ever.
i was delivering a pc to be setup at a local office, it was a rush job as the order only came through the company yesterday and had to be there today . get to the office, start parking the delivery van, trying to line up with the vans beside me... crunch! 30mins later i find out the customer can't take the computer today, and had no idea that i would be showing up .
testicular torsion is a condition that causes pain when the testicles don't function normally . After reading up on testicular torsion and going to the hospital, the pain got worse and worse . The doctor said he had testicular torsion but a varicose vein and an inflammation on his left testicle were the real problems .
i was snapchatting a good friend, who is a female, who was with another female that is a good friend of both of us. they sent a very attractive snapchat of them both, and just recently learning how to screenshot on my s3, i decided to screenshot it. little did i know that it sends a notification when you screenshot it. they then called me and called me out on it. i showed them that i didn't save it (because i kind of felt like a pervert doing it anyway) and they haven't responded back, and i am nervous as fuck.
epiduo is an overpriced version of neutrogena . It says not to mix with other medications, and to be careful of using it while in sunlight .
My boyfriend, \"j\", lives in an a one bedroom apartment with a currently unemployed roommate . \"w\" gets money from his parents to pay rent/bills so he hardly ever leaves . About 15 minutes into our romp, i thought i heard a noise but just figured it was either the upstairs neighbor or someone doing something outside .
do you know - truly - the pressure of the inevitable knowledge you are about to shit yourself in a park? do you know - truly - the pressure of the inevitable knowledge you are about to shit yourself in a park?
we have been trying to hang out for a month now, but we always have conflicting plans . She calls me to go out, but i am asleep. call her up to reschedule, but it turns out she leaves for a 2 week vacation tonight .
i was trying to run parts out of our automatic press .  coil of stock shifted and turned into [this]( http://i.imgur.com/r1z6ssf.jpg). Now i can't just scrap it cause it's a 2000ft coil that costs about $1200 .
after a night of passionate nosex, the gf make a joke about the 'bullet' on my sister's dresser. \"haha, it does favor that, doesn't it? however, naive and silly gf, that's lipstick. here, i'll show you.\" with that, i reach over and pop the cap of the lipstick container. maybe it wasn't maybelline, because batteries fell out. then the heavy realization to make it worse, i have to pick it up and put it back together... lest i look like i tried to use it.
i just got back from the gym and had a shower. i decided to snap a pic of myself to send to the gf and also just as a general progress pic. as i opened the picture, i pressed this one button which i assumed was the \"share\" button. once clicked, nothing happened. as i'm getting changed and heading down to grab some food, i start hearing my mum yelling at me very loudly.
i'm in school and live with my parents. college is expensive! gotta save money where you can. i'm dating a man 8 years my senior who doesn't share my faith background (conservative christian). as a result, my parents hate his guts. maybe hate is a strong word... no, not too strong here! they've met with him twice in the almost year and a half we've been together. i'm pretty much one of the most important things in his life. he treats me with love and respect... ever you're right mom and dad, total scumbag
before we left i kinda had to poo but i couldn't do it, it was more of a \"i'm gonna have to go eventually\" kind of thing . i get out of the water and start walking back towards the trails. One of my friends asks where i'm going an i have to go so bad i just say \"illberightback!\" as fast as possible, cause losing focus on this means i will for sure have feces in my swimsuit . Luckily i happen to have a shirt on over my swimsuit, so i begrudgingly take it off and wipe myself with
i got my underage cousin so drunk that he got caught by the cops at the fair and he went to the hospital for alcohol intoxication very severe . i might have to pay his hospital bills and might get a ticket for providing alcohol to a minor .
not even 30 seconds after sitting down my phone goes off. i calmly stared into my female friend's eyes as i pulled my phone out, and answered on speaker (my hands were sticky). it was my mom, calling me to pick up some tampons (why?) while i was out. that got a pretty good laugh out of everyone, and it was probably the most embarrassing time i had with this group, which is pretty amazing considering we've all been friends since 2nd grade.
i was at work, and asked the shift manager to cover my section while i went to the bathroom. when i took my tampon out i accidentally dropped in the toilet . i flushed the toilet and was about to leave the stall when.... the toilet didn't flush everything. i could see part of the the arm of the the sunglasses sticking out of the in the toilet, in the u-bend.
i noticed that the toilet was dirty and i was not going to sit on that . my legs then had clorox stuff on them so i wiped it off with toilet paper . then wiped my butt with that same toilet paper . i had clorox in my butt hole and it burned for several hours and caused it swell shut .
i was watching this music video with my mother when i shouted \"oh it's him!\" feeling overwhelmed with joy in my natural ability to recognize celebrities. my mother replied \"**oh i know him too!**\" nobody speaks, the video plays. \"sandwichmixto, what's he from? i've seen him before!\" oh god mom please stop. \"no no no, he's from **wrestling** or something\". nopenopenopenope.
my hotmail name is jesus hose, and i had no.. no idea that the sender would right that down as that name. it was registered male, and my dad has no idea. he can't go pick it from the post office since no one here is named jesus hose. i really need that binder, but since my mom hates people knocking on our door (dumb, yeah), she put a sign up and the ups guy took it to the post office instead.
i plug in my ipod so we can all listen to music while working. the hall i was working in doesn't have a restroom, and the nearest one is right around the hall corner.  stepping into the hall i quickly realized my mistake; [killing in the name of](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bwxazvhlyxq) was playing and blaring loud \"fuck you\"s throughout the halls.
my best friend and i have known each other for sixteen years and tell each other everything .  fast forward to 2 years ago when they got back together. c and z get engaged and c cheats on z many times.  about a month ago, z starts txting me. pics are exchanged and we agree to hang out. c finds out and flips shit. starts calling both of us multiple times a day just bitching us out. well, we hung out last night and ended up sleeping together. it was amazing and yet i feel awful.
i have known for a while that my rings needed to be looked at as the prongs looked a bit worn . due to financial strain i kept putting it off . now i have lost a tiny diamond on my wedding band and have no way to replace it .
i hop in the shower to enjoy the jazzy tunes (because, who doesn't like to sing in the shower) and i don't bother to close the bathroom door because i'm home alone right? getting out to dry off when my favorite, \"when your good to mama\" is on. i feel hot when i sing this song and began to dry off in a senutal mannor, i put my leg up on the closed toilet seat and having a little sexy time in the mirror to see what i look like if i ever get a boyfriend.
when i was about eight i was at a party in my neighborhood when my stomach started to act up. i decided to walk home to go to the bathroom because i thought i needed to poop. after straining to push something out for a good 5 minuets, my face suddenly explodes with vomit. i think the only reason i remember this is because it was the first time vomit ever came out my nose an it hurt like a bitch.
i was trying to puke into the toilet since i felt like i had to puke, but i also felt a fart coming on. now i thought it was just a fart, wrong. i ended up shitting into my pajama pants right there on the floor.
as i am 6'4\" the ironing board is at cock level . as i ironed my shirt the edge of the iron \"seared\" my cock which was dangling over the work area . It now has a blistered line across the shaft and it is somewhat painful .
I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want a drink. I'm out and want
i stumbled across a blue egg just sitting on the ground. it actually looked whole, but when i picked it up, i noticed it had a few holes in it where the unborn bird must have leaked out. i went to my car to put it in there where i wouldn't forget it. i looked down at the egg and then realized that a very dark brown liquid had leaked out onto my hand.
servers steal stacks of coupons or print them from their computer under false emails . The coupons are never really used when someone gives them cash and says keep the change end up being an extra five, ten, whatever dollars in their pocket . i found out this mass coupon fraud was going on, and i \"checked in\" a friend to her shift. not super close, but i've been to her house and drank after work and never had any problems with her. she seemed like a pretty cool chick. i honestly had no idea she was one of the people stealing. she was suspended for a few days
i was stuck against a chubby woman who was like 45+ for like 6 minutes . i can't grab my phone to get it flat in my pocket since the woman's ass is basically on my leg . i'm also very allergic to perfume, no more busing for me .
after my friends depart from my place im feeling exhausted and want to go straight to bed, but first i had to piss. i drain the pipes and head upstairs to my room. still drunk, i decided to browse the internet for a little bit. still drunk, i close my laptop, turn on my ac, turn off the lights and hop in bed which felt fucking amazing after a long day. i wake up the next morning still half asleep and thirsty as a motherfucker. without even thinking, i grab the gatorade bottle and start to drink my vegetated piss.
My girlfriend and I are playing ping-pong in her basement . Her mother walks down, sees us, and is pissed. she's mean and i know she'll rip a new one into my girlfriend and really it's my fault. i made it clear to her mother that we do not have sex (both virgins) and were literally 20 seconds from coming upstairs. she took this news with relief, and simply said, \"just not in my house.\" issue resolved.
i just recently got a tattoo on my thigh, and i was wearing jeans at work. my two buddies that i work with told me to show them my tattoo in the bathroom. One of my friends is recording the scene because he thinks it's funny, and says, \"drop your pants\". i pull my pants down, show them my tattoo, and seconds after, my boss comes in and sees three guys in the bathroom, one recording with a cell phone, and me with my pants down. he turned around and immediately left the bathroom.
i know she has an autistic daughter, but she's never been an issue . i complimented the quiet girl for not making a peep, and when the boy would start up again, i'd make an obnoxious comment . It wasn't until we left that i realized he was autistic, and my comments were completely uncalled for .
i was holding a book i had read on my way back and decided to read on the train. while i paid for my ticket i put down the book, paid, grabbed my ticket and dashed off.  halfway down the escalator i realized the book was still at the counter. i tripped soon, hit my knee hard on the iron stairs, and am now unable to bend my knee without agony.
i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked. i cooked bacon naked, i cooked bacon naked.
sister was playing with the puppy and he started growling. i told her to \"drop the puppy and move out of the way the next time he growls or barks or goes to bite you\" about 5 seconds later the puppy growls, and i go for the dog assuming that she'd have moved out of the way when my fists came flying for the collar. She ended up getting slightly decked from the side (luckily it was a side glance) but yeah. punched my sister in the face.
i am stupid. but to elaborate more on this i accidentally slipped up and they gave me the stink eye. i don't expect them to call me back.
i'm not going to elaborate because i don't even know how to. my parents found out about my marijuana use, and i broke up with my girlfriend in 1 hour. i'll elaborate in comments when i get my head straight, like i'm literally still shocked to the core.
i became her tutor because she desperately needed tutoring in chemistry and i am good at science . i was going to pick up my friend to go see a local concert so i go to text him i am in front of his house. his name is mason . i completely forget that i had added mari. only when i saw \"message sent to mari\" had i realized what i had done . i held down my car horn in rage, and then the police came because i was causing a noise disturbance. so on to of the rapey text i got fined $50 and couldn't go to the concert
woke up, went to the gym from 9-11am. (tuesday) rested, ate and got ready for work from 6pm-12am, but i had to catch a train there...so i parked my car at a train station closer to my work. left at 4 and thirty minutes into my trip...i wake up smashing into a \"no parking sign\" front left bumper is f. thank god i didn't fuck up another person i.e. i didn't hit anyone; nobody is injured. still had to get to work since my place really relies on people getting to their shift
one of the requirements to enter the mechanical engineering program at my school is that you have to get an a or b in calculus ii. if you do not get an a or a b after your two attempts you can never enter the engineering program here. well turns out he gave out an extra credit quiz on monday. around 10 possible points of extra credit. and i missed it.
i was doodling in my friends science notebook and thought it was a good idea to draw a hitler in the form of kirby. later in the day, when i was in orchestra class practicing our pieces for festival. the vice principal steps in and calls me and my friend out of class. she then gives a speech about how ashamed i should be as i drew hitler and asked my friend my picture offended him in any way. i was relieved, but as passing period came rumors of me being anti-semitic spread like wildfire.i never ment to hurt or harass my friend as i thought that the
i had a soundcloud account linked to my facebook, and started listening to some porn to get me off . since it's linked, i start listening to some of that shit. i start masturbating, and then i get a call from my mom. pause, stop, answer. \"hello?\" \"it says you were watching _ on facebook.\" \"oh...it does?\" i start denying everything. i then tell my mom i'll do something, hang up, and delete my account, hoping that the info will disappear. now here is my favorite part.
my phone is dead, so i bought a cheap alarm clock to keep me on schedule. It woke me up this morning, and at 11:45 according to the clock i headed to my first class, where i had a test. when i got to the classroom there was no one there, and i was a bit confused.
when one uses the bathroom there is no question about whether it is 1 or 2. thought since nobody was upstairs that i had clearance to let one rip. a faster than usual dash to the bathroom probably alerted everyone downstairs that there was something amiss. Results from the first one indicated that this was going to be a fucking mess so i did what i had to do - folded that bitch in half and used it twice. every square inch of clean white paper was going to be needed if i was going to get out of this without having to go home for lunch.
last night before i went to bed i put icy hot on my neck, as to not get it on my bedding . After \"unloading\" i reach to my regular towel and accidentally grab the towel covered in icy hot to clean my manhood .  needless to say my balls feel like the surface of the sun, and my penis is swollen and wondering why i'm so damn stupid!
i was planning on buying a bunch of games on steam but now, i have to spend that money on buying a new phone . not exactly a grand tifu by any stretch of the imagination, but it's the little things that get to you .
Argentina is currently in a state of economic distress . Many people have resorted to petty crime, such as pickpocketing, in an attempt to make ends meet . A few days ago (today i didn't fuck up.. but i sure did on Saturday morning) i was leaving a guy's apartment after he had already left to go to work. a few minutes later a man comes up to me and mentions i have a stain on my back and that i should clean it. a few minutes later a street vendor is yelling at me, bringing me down to earth telling me that i had
drunk me thought it would a fun idea to have a three way with my flatmate and his male friend last night ( i am female . and yeah, it was fun, but now my ass is paying the price, i am bleeding like hell down there!
last night i was fapping to my favorite weird fetish, my little pony porn. after doing the deed, i just turned off my monitor and went to bed without thinking anything of it. my mom comes into my room and asks if she can use my computer to check her e-mail. still half asleep and laying in my bed, i said sure. the severity of the situation didn't really hit me until my mom was about to turn on my monitor. as soon as she turned on the monitor, she was greeted with a screen full of rainbow dash's ass in very graphic detail. 
my computer freezes and as i'm playing around with my mouse to fix it my boss crosses the line of hidden computer screen to full view computer screen. Luckily reddit was closed and excel was open, but he looks at the task manager and boom! right there beside the chrome icon is tifu by shitting my pants.... yep, not very professional.
my dad is furious because we don't have the money to fix it, at the moment. i ended up failing the test, too. (the second this week) several other minor things happened, as well. the wind blew my hair and because of the stuff i put in it, i look like dragon ball z all day.
my job was to try and reproduce part of the results of a certain paper using a computing intensive code called asap . a month ago, i thought that the distances were arranged like [this](http://i.imgur.com/10le6it.png) in the paper, and proceeded to perform all my calculations with an *h* distance of 2.02 angstrom . i then tried out numerous things, changing pseudopotentials, basis sets, mesh cut-offs, k-point grids - varying almost every parameter possible to reproduce the results from the paper and in spite of my numerous efforts,
if a printer asks you to change the \"w\" or \"wa\" toner, don't shake it. This is the waste toner... you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft.
i don't like hard liquor, i don't like it and it doesn't like me.  amongst my friends and family there is a standing ban against two types of liquor specifically; vodka, because it makes me cry like a baby, and tequila, because i will (attempt) to have sex with pretty much anything. now i think whiskey will be added to that list. my wife slugs me in the forehead until i let go, then a few more times in the side of the head and the shoulder/rib area for good measure before kicking me (literally) out of bed.
i'd been planning to switch banks for some time now . my bank has started assessing a $6 monthly service fee if your account balance falls below $500 during any time during the previous month . if i was wealthy and could maintain a high balance, the account would be free .
i work in a lab that tries to make crystals to see if a unique chemical structure is formed . One time i was using ethanol as a solvent for my reaction, and i knew that the product formed from the reaction would not crystallize with ethanol . Once the ethanol was vaporized, i was left with the product in the hot/warm beaker . i noticed that the dichloromethane was vaporizing, like when you add water to hot skillet when you are washing it after you used it on the stove .
i went to the doctor today and left with a giant list of medical exams to get done . Next thing i know, i am handed a jar and told to take it home and supply a stool sample . i get back to the office to drop it off, and suddenly it hits me: \"holy fuck i forgot to write the date on the jar!\" i tried to tell myself that it didn't matter, lots of people are here for the same thing, but man, i ran out of there as soon as she gave me the okay .
i was taking a tour at a distillery with a group of coworkers. after the tour was the tasting. the tour guide mentioned glycerin and the lady beside me (who was a fellow co-worker) said \"isn't that in soap?\" i replied \"i don't know about soap, but i know it's in lube\"
i thought it would be funny to ask someone if they were wearing pants, since it was kind of an inside joke with my friends in class . my teacher corrected my mistake but now my friend thinks i'm a perv and possibly my teacher does too .
i was at the mall at night sitting on a bench waiting for someone. all of a sudden, some girl comes up to me and asks me where the starbucks is. i thought she was joking around with me since the starbucks was quite literally just 10 meters away, and so i respond \"oh it's right there\" i offer to take her hand and walk her to the starbucks 10 meters away. so i offer to take her hand and walk her to the starbucks 10 meters away. i become flustered after realizing how stupid that sounds and then i say \"sorry\" for some reason.
i'm usually a really healthy eater so the introduction of this food into my system hasn't been treating me well today . i was back in the bathroom to shit for the fourth time today and when i entered the bathroom i was talking on the phone and i forgot to lock the door . i scramble and shut the stall door and lock it as fast as i can and i hear them say something when they noticed someone was inside, but they promptly left .
i've been home sick all say. generally not feeling so hot. coughing, sore throat, general lethargy, and a bit of bowel distress. i tried to eat some supper, just soup and a sandwich. shortly after, i was informed that i would be vomiting. i prostrated myself in homage to the porcelain god and upon the first heave also proceeded to soil myself.
i pay the guy and get these ticket things you throw down the chute with the garbage. i put the garbage down the chute and reach in my pocket and grab the stickers and throw em down with the bags. i drive home, let my dogs out, and then empty my pockets so i could take off my jacket and i find the two stickers still in my pocket. So i flew back to the garbage man (going 65 in a 35 with a jeep cherokee mind you..) almost flipped my jeep on the way, and when i get there i explain the problem to the guy.
after stepping off of the bus and touching the back of my leg i noticed it was wet. upon a gentlemanly sniff of the offending liquid.....i realized it was pee.
so i get out of the shower, and i don't have a towel but since i was home alone i walk to the dining room . There is a laundry basket full of clothes and towels, because that's where my mum usually does the ironing .
we both are big fans of the walking dead and are both pretty much up to the same point in the series, her always being a few episodes ahead . i was so excited that when i came to the foyer, with my friend behind her desk facing me on the opposite side of the entrance hall, i couldn't help but start lumbering towards her, head cocked, arms writhing and outstretched, loudly snarling, moaning and groaning . i thought it would make my friend laugh, excite her for the upcoming zombie conversation, and also to try and distract her while she dealt with the lone customer who was stood
when i came to, i was lying on the floor of the shower with my head lamely hanging through the shower curtain. the sides of my head throbbed with intense pain and my right foot, for a reason i couldn't discern, also ached with an intense pain. i turned the shower off, dried off, and hobbled into my room to get dressed.
i'll admit that a part of me likes her because she's very attractive, but we're not in love and we're not boyfriend/girlfriend nor are we dating. i was saying it jokingly of course but she didn't take it very well, pretty much had an \"ugh...\" tone. things got quiet, before she just told me that she was having the very best night of her life and i think i may have just ruined it there.
i use a private ebook torrent website to get ebooks. on it, people can request certain books, and you get rewarded for uploading them to the site. my little sister lives with my parents in a city with a library system that allows access to thousands of ebooks. Last night, she casually mentioned that she can see what i've been borrowing with her account.
I went to a party and stole a large sum of money from the party . The person whose money it was wants to call the police but hasn't yet . i have no problem giving the money back the person at this point, it was a stupid mistake and i don't even want it anymore .
my airbag deployed and the front of my car is all messed up . i don't have the $500 for the deductible to fix it so i don't really know what to do . if i report it to my car insurance, they'll most likely drop me for having too many prior accidents, plus this one .
i was messing around, not thinking, and was swirling a half dollar in between my teeth. as unlucky as i was, it slipped in between my teeth, went down my throat, tried to cough it up, made it even worse, and completely swallowed the damned thing without a problem. well i tell my parents that it was just a qauter to lessen tension on them and go along the week until friday hoping it would pass. my hopes were nothing but crushed as 5 days go by without passage. then my brother gets a stomach virus and starts vomiting all over. bad news, since its still in my stomach
at the ups hub the loaders get packages that come down the belt from the sort aisle, then you load them into the semi trailer . sometimes the people that slide the packages down your trailer's chute, slide down the wrong bags that are filled with packages . i accidentally forgot to check/scan one of the bags. the worst one that could come down my belt.
i'm really worried that it somehow fell out of my pocket when i was walking home . i tried using the android device manager to track my phone but i'm quite sure my phone was out of batteries by the time i tried tracking it down .
i really like hentai. especially stuff that involves ballbusting and cuntbusting. last night, one cousin asked me to pull up his facebook page so i could show everyone a picture he posted. i opened my laptop, to unveil... a leather-clad anime girl stomping another girl in the cooch. well, that was embarrassing. i quickly changed it to facebook, but not before everyone had a good glance at what i look at in my private time.
she was not badly burned, and just a little sore from her older brother pounding it out. i'm so thankful right now. have a safe and happy (insert whatever your celebrating)
she was dressed like a reindeer, so i pet her and we role played.  obviously, we understood each other's humor. she was done with med school and was working in a hospital, so she obviously had the smarts too.
i was 18 years old and had just moved out of my apartment about a month prior. an acquaintance of mine moved into the same apartment 'block' as me a month before i moved out. i should say, at the time i was known as a guy that likes to drink. bring on the whiskey. cue blackout. when i wake up after drinking way too much alcohol my consciousness comes in stages. i open my eyes and see i'm sleeping on the ground and in what appears to be a weight room; i was sleeping next to the bench press.
i put on a porno, on my laptop, plugging in my headphones so i don't disturb my housemate who's sleeping next door . Now i can't hear what she's saying cos of the headphones, but she sees what i'm doing, and clasps her hand to her mouth in shock, and turns back to her room, giggling .
i had 3 broken teeth, a slightly damaged jaw on the left side, and a scar on my knee . i continued on with my stay in, and had a great time, even without 3 teeth .
i have been reading the calendar as starting on the monday, putting my exam on the monday. my revision timetable has been worked out assuming the exam is tomorrow, i have been doing some last minute cramming today and was feeling pretty confident. until 9pm, when i checked facebook to see one of my classmates put up a photo saying \"post-exam chillout\" knowing that we have the same three exams, i panicked, checked the online exam timetable to see the exam was 2pm today not tomorrow. having never cocked up quite as spectacularly as this before, i have spent this evening crying down the phone to
i was bored at home one hot summer day and decided to take a long bike ride into town . Went on long bike ride, get sick to stomach, go into air conditioned library and throw up all over the floor .
i'm a girl and so is the girl i like. i am bisexual and haven't come out of the closet yet and i'm not quite ready to. we have first period together and i would say we're friendly acquaintances but not quite friends.
i'm taking a math class that is only at Tuesdays and Thursdays at 8pm to 10pm. The grades are based off of 3 tests. the first test is week 5, the second is week 8, and the last test is the final on week 11. The last day to withdraw from a class is week 7. The tests are worth 30% except for the final which is worth 40%.
i decided that i needed to try ass play. don't ask me the reasoning; i had it in my head . i looked around for something to use, but weirdly didn't have much to work with . i became a tad bored, i suppose, and with 1/2 the bottle from the opening up my ass, i made the biggest mistake of my life .
i'm buzzed so i tell her i cant finish and she tells me just to fuck her. i do, right there on the couch. but since her sister was in the house too (and me being a drunk genius) decide to leave our clothe on to be safe. i pull her shorts and panties halfway down her legs, my cock was already out, but pants still on. we bang it out, her legs over my shoulders and i finished after about 5 minutes (intended quicky)
i had some pastizzis baking in the oven.. around December, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis baking in the oven.. around December, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis baking in the oven.. around December, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis baking in the oven.. around December, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis baking in the oven.. around December, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis baking in the oven.. around December, middle of summer here, i had some pastizzis
having had a recent vasectomy, they wanted to test me to make sure i'm sterile and stay that way . my sister happened to see the lab sample container and asked my fiancee what it was. needless to say, she left it alone... but was a little grossed out .
while i was in the shower she took the car and went for a drive . i'm worried that she is looking for an adrenaline rush and that she is going to get hurt . i should have just keep all my feelings inside while i was with her so she didn't get into a mood that makes me worry about her safety .
i'm a woman who has been in relationships with men up until now . the last relationship ended not so well with me telling him that i liked girls. i haven't seen or spoken to him since i broke up with him. the second i pulled into the parking lot i realised what i had done, what i was about to do. i couldn't turn around because we had already gone to the other supermarket in town and walked out with nothing it would look weird going back again, so i had to follow through with the biggest fuck up i have had in a few months.
But it was tasty bacon. But it was tasty bacon. But it was tasty bacon. But it was tasty bacon. But it was tasty bacon.
i work in an auto center at a large shopping mall. after work three other coworkers, one of their girlfriends, and i wanted to smoke a bowl and hang out after work. we all drive up to the very top of the parking garage where there's no people, and start boxing my friend's car. we finish smoking, and are just chilling in the completely boxed car when two police interceptors and a mall cop roll up behind us, and come talk to us. we didn't get arrested, but i got nailed by a trespassing charge from mall security.
she says that she will only check my homework if i agree to marry her. the only thing is, i forgot to delete that line before i submitted the homework, and my teacher has the edit function disabled. i sent the teacher an apology message, but i still haven't heard back from her yet.
i was talking to my mom about how nothing phases me, except spiders and r/spacedicks, thanks to reddit. she then asked me what r/spacedicks was. seeing as she's a lurker, and semi familiar with reddit, she wanted to see it. i tried to convince her otherwise. but nevertheless, she made me pull up r/spacedicks.
then i sent the person an email gift card, saying thank you for the understanding, that will now be a permanent reminder of the situation, along with anything that is bought using it .
we head upstairs to play gamecube (it was smash bros day) after an hour or so of playing we started getting promiscuous. i took off her belt and slid my hand down and started going to town. we just recently started dating and i had done this before, but she had yet to return the favor. she slid down my pants and started jerking me off. her mom stealth modes it upstairs, and even with my perfect hearing i failed to hear her... she was a freaking ninja.
rick: i was just in your store and you told me i could only get $10 for a coin that's worth $300!!!! rick: i do apologize sir, i didn't get your name? also do you have the right business? i throw my punch in...metaphorically speaking... me: we're in the same location you were just at. rick: hopefully he goes back to the place he went to the first time or he was just blowing smoke and won't do anything at all. hopefully he goes back to the place he went to the first time or he was just blowing
after cuddling up in bed after quite a bit of foreplay, she asked me what my fantasy was, and she would do it for me . my #1 fantasy is me coming home after a long, stressful day of work, completely tired out, and needing to relieve a whole load of stress and frustration from the day. my wrist begins to get sore, and i start to get really frustrated. however, when all seems to be lost, i feel a hand on my wrist, and i look up to see her pretending to be casey janssen .
My boyfriend invited me to meet him at a hotel. so i'm thinking awesome, random hotel sex, no big annoying road trip needed. i've actually not been with him (we've only been dating a month or so), and i'm still in that \"omg wtf if he thinks I'm not perfect?\" mode. bright idea! sugar wax strips! i buy them a few days before and on the morning of, get up the courage to groom myself. i'm getting ready to wax my bikini area and think to myself, \"gee, what if he thinks i
i've never used a 3ds before, and i'm not entirely aware of its capabilities and functions.  as soon as i got air on the first jump, i shook the 3ds violently, hoping that mario would do a trick in the air. \"holy shit, bro! i didn't know! how do you do a trick?\" \"press l.\" the next turn came up, and i pressed l. then i shook the life out of the 3ds. only this time, the screen bent a little too far backwards. the screen went floppy like a flaccid pen
i was a freshman in high school. My add kicked in and it was extremely hard for me to concentrate on what the teacher was talking about. i pull out a small spiral, with like 200 pages in it.
i got drunk off a shit amount of whiskey and eventually found some hydrocodone. during the night i was fine, that's why i took so many i couldn't feel the effects but come the morning everything changed. i overdosed, hard. i've passed through many of the symptoms but i'm still suffering. at one point i thought i was going to die, i couldn't even drink water with out vomiting.
he apparently drove an hour away and ran out of gas and the cops stopped because they looked suspicious. he is drunk and no gas in my car means i need to go to a gas station, grab gas, go get my car, punch my roomate in the face, leave him there and head back.
i'm driving through an industrial area where there is quite a bit of crime, and therefore are virtually no public restrooms as they most likely would be frequented by rapists and junkies. i pull into a gas station parking lot, run inside, and am told that they aren't allowed to let customers into the bathroom for safety reasons - fuck. i run back to my vehicle, and begin driving down the road praying for a restroom ...and that's when i spot it. i haven't driven one block when i see the abandoned gas station with a lone porta-potty in the vacant dirt
average day at work, not too busy, not too slow either, i just recently quit drinking so i'm not completely focused today not that my job really requires my 100% focus 100% of the time anyways so i'm getting by just fine.
My mother and I drove to my grandmother's house to get some ice-cream . After about 2/3 of my ice cream demolished by my sweet tooth... i felt a shit coming on. my toilet is clogged and i still have to shit. my anus has the grand canyon tearing through my butts.
after washing my clothes, i put on some slippers and went out to the balcony to hang them up to dry (i'm in egypt right now, we don't have dryers here) when i stepped on a dead... thing, and it stuck to the bottom of my slipper. it was either a mouse or a bird, i couldn't tell 'cause it was half rotten. the whole apartment smells like dead animal, and i don't have any air freshener or cleaning supplies.
i was dehydrated, overheated, and decided to light up a flaming cancer stick . i picked myself up, put the dog out (my mum didn't notice me shambling around) and ran to the bathroom. i puked for 10 minutes without stopping, then shambled into my room like a zombie on lsd.
train was supposed to go to my hometown but, for some (undoubtedly shitty) reason, turned the fuck around and is now heading back in the opposite direction! it is extremely frustrating to be heading in the wrong direction and not being able to do anything about it!
my mom bought a dress for me as a reward for my good grades if they had it in my size . i stood in the middle of the dressing room so i couldn't be seen through the small gap between the curtain and the wall . a fireball of pain exploded in my left thigh, the leg i was balancing on.
i texted my dealer asking for two bags, thirty minutes later he's one street away so i set off to meet him. as i approach his i see my guy and a heavily fake tanned, tramp-stamped, made-up girl exiting a DVD rental sho- think it was a bluray in his hand though. he's quite an amiable guy so we raise our hands and exchange greetings as we get in the car. hand over the weed, hand over the money. done.
My wife and i just moved in with some family. We are currently stationed in a family room because all the bedrooms are occupied. We have a door to the outside that just so happens to be on the same outer wall as a door into a laundry room and office where the main door is left open and only the screen is in place.
ejaculate on my family's fan or touch it and most likely vomit like linda blair. fuck me. The \"stuff\" had dried, turned yellow, and is now some sort of mold like substance that is sitting on the fan, and in some ways, blowing all over my living room.
i work at a mcdiabeetus. and we sell sweet tea, any size for a dollar, this being 'murica, it sells like crazy . the tank in the lobby ran out of sweet tea so i was tasked with putting sweet tea in said tank . the bucket slipped out of my hand and sweet tea and ice went everywhere .
. my mom and her friend left state for a week or so, i'm supposed to be house sitting the friend's house... woke up, had a wake and bake, drank a few brews and decided to go home to shower and grab some food . when i got back i realized i had locked her keys inside of her house and left my weed, pipe and beer right on the coffee table .
i was pan frying chicken breast in olive oil and butter, and boiling pasta (in a different pot) then i wanted to stir my pasta, but i didnt want to stir it with a dirty spoon so i full on stuck the spoon in my mouth and just sucked it like it had soup in it. now the inside of my lip and a bit of my cheeks are grey/white, like fried pork colour.
because i cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me, i find time to smoke a half a mile from my house . because i cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me, i find time to smoke a half a mile from my house . and because i cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me, i find time to smoke a half a mile from my house . and because i cannot smoke by my house because my grandparents would kill me, i find time to smoke a half a mile from my house .
i accidentally erased and added my physics answers to the math test answers . i only finished 2/3 of the physics test and i botched several of my math ii answers .
My high school was putting on a musical and i was on the crew because i wanted to participate, but don't like to sing in front of people. my job was to open and close the curtains at the appropriate times. easy enough, and i became close friends with all the cast members. for the entire play, i sat at a small chair just behind the fully closed curtain. behind me was the backstage room with the costume rack, sinks and mirrors, and some old lockers. the show was starting in twenty minutes and the school gym was already full of people. no one was supposed to go out from
on my bike ride Thursday night when i hit that gravel and my bike jackknives and i fall left and landed full onto my back left side! so they tell me '7 fractured ribs' thanks to a guy named sid for protecting me until i could get up outta the road, theresa the other cyclist theresa who stopped to break my bike down for deb's trunk & my cousin once removed, sandy, who fetched deb and returned to tell she was on the way. my gratitude to my wife deb for all you did to put up with my pain. \u2014 feeling sick.
i hadn't pooped in almost a week so i decided to take a single extra-strength laxative to kick down the doors and do some spring cleaning .  by 10 pm the gurgles started. the farts came like fucking valkyrie. at first it was just one whisper-thin fart every 15 minutes . the next thing i heard was a slight noise piercing the air, then immediately followed by the most low and thunderous sound .
teacher took my phone then proceeded to read from it in front of the class . the post was racist jokes and now the students think i'm a douche .
my friend gave me a 70mg vyvance and told me to take it if i ever needed to cram for a test. so naturally i take it at around 6 pm the night before the sat's. i cannot sleep, i have been tossing and turning in bed since 10:30 pm. it is currently 4:11 am and i haven't slept a wink.  update: i got ready in the morning and avoided orange juice for breakfast, had a bagel and eggs. got 3 chocolate bars at cvs, then i blasted killing in the name of be rage against the machine all the way to school.
i was in the [public] bathroom and was changing lady products like normal. then somehow i managed to not only drop the used tampon i was holding, but *fling* it on the floor where it rolled into the adjacent stall (that someone was using) before i could pick it up.
i did my business, wiped, then turned to flush, and as i'm sure most people do, looked in the bowl. no toilet paper. i never did find it. i hope none of my coworkers do.
during the play the people in stage crew could stay there or go home. i was gonna go home, but then the director said i would need to fill in for some missing actors. well she comes over and lays her head on my thigh, which i kinda got aroused from her doing that, and then her cue came up for her to get on stage. She left again and came back, and did the same thing. this time she was fixing her hair and she set her hair tie on my leg, when she needed her hair tie again she started feeling around for it, her hand went up, and up
when i hear the kettle whistling right in the middle of me taking care of business, i immediately jump up to go take it off. Now, here i am; with a bag of ice in hopes that it will numb the pain. so far, its not working too well.
she's blocked me on skype and facebook and unfriended me on lol.  apparently the other guy in this story freaked her out, and now i'm somehow the good guy in this.
i went to see my grandparents with my mom at a resort-like retirement villa. it was a wonderful place with lots of beautiful scenery and activities for the seniors to do with visiting relatives. my 80-something year old grandparents acting like nothing happened, my mom staring at me, disgusted, and me just staring stupidly at the way my napkin matches the tablecloth.
so i was fapping and had the smart idea to use my own spit so later i found sores on my dick and one in my mouth . ugh ideas to help please .
basically, i destroyed her phone. ruined the conductor for the aerial, now she doesn't get a signal and i blunted all but 2 two screws, so it will most likely cost a lot more to get it fixed. the looming sensation of; \"sooner i get this done, the sooner i can have sex\" kind of rushed me.
turned out he was into pain, giving and receiving.  woke up this morning and realized i left my wallet on his living room floor where the fun times began.
i'm a waiter, and accidentally spilled a large tray filled with 14-15 glasses of ice-water onto a customer (hot 30-something year old)... oh man it was not cool.  bonus: she was wearing a white shirt.
i ran track in high school and run with friends as a recreational activity. there's this cemetery that my friends both love and loathe. it's huge and hilly with various ponds and such scattered. it's a very tiring route to run through, and i have only seen other people there once. my running group consists of the short term runners, who are really far behind every run, and the long term runners, who are always in the front.
i cracked my door at the exact moment he took a sharp turn at about 15 mph . i was flung out of the car head first and sent rolling across 4 heavy lanes of traffic . i have some nasty road rash on my back and feet, so bleeding all over the place .
i got a message from my friend asking me to come hang with her and another one of my friends at their house, so naturally i said yeah and left for her house at 6:30 in the evening.  near the end of the hangout, where we were about leave and head back home, her dog was wandering around and i saw a scroll around its neck, on its collar. curious, i asked her, \"hey, what's that piece of paper around your dog's neck?  emily responded, \"i don't know\" and my friend, being equally curious, picked up her dog and opened it
as soon as i got to class started my computer and got on reddit. the last thing i remember my teacher say was \"...and it's due before you leave\"
last time i saw them was about 3 years ago and this time they, and especially mom looked big in abdominal area. without missing a beat i exclaimed, \"congratulations on your new bundle of joy!\" Turns out mom and dad quit smoking and gained some weight.
\"i have a dick thus i am a male\" \"i was late to class, everyone looked at me handcuffed and sitting on the floor!\" \"i learned a few lessons: don't come to school drunk, always look at bathroom gender signs, and don't wait around for the cops to show up\"
yesterday was my first day of biking to work.  google maps directed me up a giant hill to a private property gate. i braked hard, but only on my front break. for a second, it was the most evil knievel thing of my life. i break my glasses, sprain my wrist, dislocate my shoulder, and lose the light on my bike and my bike's computer thing.
i live in a building with shared bathrooms. as i got up to poop in the toilet (it's my preferred method), i noticed some liquid on the seat before i sat down. i washed my mouth out with listerine, brushed my teeth and proceeded to do a walk of shame two floors up where i could poop in a different bathroom that knew not of my shame.
i met her in the navy; we were on the same ship, in the same division . i wanted to date her, but i never knew until too late that she had broken up with her previous boyfriend . i was steadily getting rejected after job interviews, sliding me further and further into a funk .
i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it.
i have been suffering with severe ingrown toenails on my left and right big toes . I decided the best thing to do would be to take out my anger on my infected toe . i settled down in the kitchen with my \"kit\" (toenail pliers, tweezers, cotton pads, alcohol)
it was really cold outside and when i went to go buy lunch and i had my hands in my pockets where they were cozy and warm. of course on the way back home i had to carry my food with one hand and like the dumbass i am i forgot my gloves. \"well it can't be that cold right?\" fuck no. in the time from me buying food, the temperature dropped faster than my shit this morning (of course tifu should get that :p) the cold clamped the skin on my face tighter than my butthole when i was raped...i could not
jalapenos burn your hands for 20 minutes . i think i'll wash my hands more often when touching jalapenos next time . i'm just going to hold onto ice cubes until i can't feel the burn anymore .
i decided that biting down on the cap and twisting it would do it justice. i felt the cap twist and it felt so good, until i tasted the ever so delicious glue running around my mouth and making a glue lining around my tongue.
The girl i've been interested in was coming and that was going to be the time for me to see if the feelings were mutual. I've gone swing dancing before, so i begin to impress her with some of the dance moves i know. i then go to show her my favorite move, the pretzel, which includes some twisting of the arms and body plus a dip at the end i like to include. well, me being in the heat of the moment, i forget how tight the slacks are above my waist and i dip her. the dip then causes me to lean forward, causing the tight
i completely forgot about the lack of cold water, don't ask me how. i was showering normally and thinking about life, the universe, and everything, but i realized something was wrong. i felt a strong smell of something burning, like the smell of a strong incense or of coal burning. i then realized that the \"burning\" smell came from the bathroom's wall; turned out i almost burned the pipes that stored water due to the excessive heat.
i put a potato in the microwave, and used the potato shortcut button. i hit the button once, for quantity 1, and hit start. i didn't think about the fact that i was cooking a small, red potato, and not the standard russet that the microwave was probably programmed for.
I accidentally sent a naughty photo to my mom instead of my husband . My husband thought it was hilarious that i was trying to turn him on and accidentally sent it to my mom .
i'm a huge sports fan (especially hockey) so my eyes are naturally drawn to t-shirts with sports logos on them . when i see a logo i tend to stare at it until i'm out of eyesight . i guess i looked a little too long for the likes of the older gentleman standing behind her .
A goose was murdered here! the casing was obliterated feathers, feathers, all over the room.  update i think i have figured out the photo thing. all cleaned up as well.
when my contract actually ended, i just changed the dates of my last work experience . i sent my pdf r\u00e9sum\u00e9 to a lot of companies, and uploaded it to many job offers on different websites .
after 2 weeks in the new house i told her that i couldn't marry her bc of our bad past . Now every morning when i get off work and come home to a empty house i just want to burst out in tears .
/r/askreddit made me think of this story. it's over 3,000 comments deep, but i still wanted to share the wisdom we gained that day without it getting buried. i'll break it into two parts, my fuck up, and the one the other guys did that made everyone forget about my drunken episode.
i like to have my shorts down while i'm under the blankets when i'm looking for a video to bank one too . my brother knocks on the door and i go down to unlock the door for him . All of a sudden he comes into my room, with my two dogs with him high .
after class i get a text from my new-ish hot girlfriend asking me if i wanted to go on a dinner date. hell yes! with this girl, if i pay for dinner and she has a good time, she gets my man gravy for dessert if you know what i mean.  anyway, it's about half an hour before i have to go and pick her up and i figure that i should do a pre-date shit so i don't end up in the bathroom at the restaurant for 45 minutes because i had a double baconator for lunch (i know, fuck my fat ass...). 
i haven't drank alcohol for about a month . i was very behind on sleep, but i still wanted to join them. so the night starts off normal until i decide to stop mixing my drinks and pouring straight admiral nelson. i must have misjudged my tolerance and blacked out halfway through the night...which has never happened to me.
i put the three balloons in my trunk, and left the trunk half open to put the rest of my bags in there as well. when i turn around, the balloons were gone. great, i thought, they must have flown away. i quickly ran over to the two stopped and likely very confused cars and started to frantically try and peel off the balloons. both drivers got out and looked at what was attached to their vehicles, the camry owner with an upset look on his face, and the woman driving the jeep offering to help more and trying to contain laughter at the situation.
i stopped it pretty quickly but a huge amount of curry had already gone in and i had minutes before liberally dosed the pan with sriracha . it smells and tastes too good to waste and the people i am cooking for are pretty hungry so we decided to sack up and eat it .
                                                              
pizza box catches fire in small, gas-powered oven . Apartment filled with smoke from burning pizza and empty alcohol bottles .  lucky enough to survive with nothing but an ashy kitchen, a burnt throat, and an apartment in which everything smells very pungently of smoke .
i just got my brand new gs3, and he has some blu-ray player. well, apparently there is a new technology that allows you to stream media from your phone to the player over wireless. well, turns out that whatever i do in the pictures or videos is what streams on his player. so, he knocks on my door, tells me to go look at his tv, and i nearly die in horror.
i was locked out of my car for 90 minutes, and the whole time the engine was running. my kid ended up having to get a ride home with her friend and i was late to pick up my gf. stupid locks.
a few days ago i spilled a beer on the keyboard and broke the w,1,2,tab key, and til also the brightness up key. great start to the day.
i've become the resident doggy daycare provider, because there's not much else for me to do there besides love dogs and reddit on my phone . i'm playing with a lighter on my bed. my bed that i suspect is highly flammable, and which is under a broken smoke alarm . and the thing i'm setting on fire is *plastic*. i didn't get to have sex that night, either. two days later and i have a gross blister next to a knuckle, but my phone's seemingly okay so far.
when i was in bed, and about to sleep i feel it coming out. i grunt and next thing you know i feel to what i thought was piss all over my legs / my ass. then it hit me.. i was lucky that it went on my boxers / the inside of my pajama pants and not all over the bed.
i invented a new drinking game where you take your bottle of beer, hold it in your mouth and have to swim underwater to the other side and then finish it off when you submerge. it was awesome, went without a hitch! i got cocky and went for a return pass to the other side, this time i didn't take as much care (hell it worked last time so its a sure thing) and i think quite a bit of pool water got in. fast forward to the night and i had stomach cramps to the point where i nearly shit the bed (doesn't matter if i did anyways,
i'm in the kitchen making bacon and spaghetti when all of the sudden, i feel the need to urinate. my bathroom was farther than my kitchen sink, and being the logical person i am, i decide that the only possible choice i have is to pee into the sink. i yank my boxers down and hop up onto the sink, positioning my buns as comfortably as possible on the cold, damp surface. i get a good steady pee-flow goin' when i hear this terrifying sound, or at least what my sleep deprived 3am brain would classify as terrifying, so i jump from the sink as if
my magic trick was called methane bubbles. i was practising the experiment at lunchtime when a very large group of bubbles was caught up on the ceiling, but these were from a girl not in my class who had selected the same project. when the supervising teacher saw what i was about to do he sort of mumbled 'yeah you could do that i guess' without really looking. i lit it on fire and this massive fireball radiated out along the ceiling, maybe 6 feet in diameter, i could feel the heat from it. i was deemed a hero by some who had tests postponed and the magic tricks were never performed
I went skiing today i am an avid skier (i ski backwards better then most can ski forwards) anyway i was on a green beginner slope headed back to the lodge when a snowboarder fell to my right his friend fell over him landing on my skis . I landed on my shoulder and dislocate it and tear the ligaments my friend who was behind me on the trail assumed i took off and left him behind sped up so i had to climb out with my skis and poles .
i was sat having coffee with a friend when i heard gasps . a lady yelled \"bring ice, the baby fell out the chair!\" everyone stood up or turned around to see if the baby was okay and i just sat there laughing .
i should not have done that. i am not enriched by what i found there. i am not enriched by what i found there. i should not have done that.
The first thing i do when i walk into any waffle house is immediately highjack the jukebox. the selection on this particular jukebox was utter crap, so i idly flipped through and land on ccr - fortunate son.
i'm no expert on birds, but these guys didn't even have all their feathers yet, so they must've been pretty young. i'm guessing their nest fell out of a nearby tree or something, and they happened to be stranded in front of my mowing path. against what many of you may say, i picked them up and moved them in hopes the mother would find them. by the time i was finished the babies were safely on the back patio and i searched around and under my mower for any more stragglers.
booting up broke the partition for some reason, so i erased it and started to install from scratch . Unfortunately forgetting to again create the 20gig partition for linux to run on. i hit continue without thinking and boom, 180gb of work gone. time for a beer.
after a few beers we got to talking about pepper spray (somehow) and my buddy said he had a can in his car. so for $20 i decided to let them spray me with it. i can now confirm that yes, it indeed does hurt. my girlfriend surprises me by coming over in the morning and suggesting a rendezvous in the shower. without hesitation i accept the offer. in the shower making fun time when my face starts to burn a little bit. midly irritated, i wonder what it is but continue anyway.  midway through she stops and starts freaking out about her hooha burning.
as of now i can't straighten the knee, there is major swelling, and i can't weight on it. i am suspicious it is a torn ligament, but i wouldn't be surprisedif it is something else.
This is the story of how i found out my hookup partner was extremely germaphobic. i went over to her suite to pick up a book i had lent her. she wasn't there and i really had to shit so i used the bathroom in her suite. naturally i played a few turns in words with friends while i pooped. i stood up to wipe and put my phone on the toilet paper dispenser when someone played their turn, causing my phone to vibrate and promptly fall into the toilet. i quickly rescued my phone from the shitwater and immediately opened it up to see if i could rescue it.
i was golfing, and a fat heard of mallards were relaxing by the green about 176 yards out. i send the ball off, my hands hurt from a slight vibration, which means my ball wasn't going where i wanted it to. all of a sudden i see a lone bird freak out, jump, try to fly, and then fall. the other green headed bastards nearly trample him trying to get to the nearest little pond, about twenty feet to the right. he makes it to the water with his mallard friends, only to drop his head under the murky water, unconscious, to die.
i bumped into a family friend who i don't know very well but is close with cousins, family members etc. we got chatting and he casually asked me how my mum/dad was doing.  being the honest person i am, i explained to him that my dad had just been laid off from a company he did long term i.t. management for because the company found another i.t. team. in my excitement i also felt it necessary to voice my opinion and tell him that the new team would probably be s**t and the company would struggle without my dad.
james, xavier, austin, brian, and zack were arrested for conspiracy to commit murder . The group made an inside joke about shooting up their school on October 19th . xavier is still being charged to this day with minor charges and two felonies .
girlfriend was yelling at me for having mold in my trashcan (it will cause asthma, that causes cancer **blah blah** why are we listening to news you dont even comprehend what they are saying **bitch** i cant beleive you woke me up so early), while i was giving her a ride to work at 6am, after working till 2am the night before.
i was longboarding down locust walk and coming to the corner of a three way intersection right in the heart of upenn. there was this girl in a wheelchair like a regular wheelchair and i thought heh maybe she broke her leg and this is how some lazy upenn girl is getting around. now shes rolling down the path all by herself and here i come all awesome and shit cause well im on a longboard. i take my headphones out and as i'm about to pass her i say yeahhhh!!
i gave her my taco because it was much better than wasting it. after lunch she was very appreciative, but complained of stomach pain. we parted ways after lunch until the afternoon when school was over. she was waiting for a friend and there was nobody around. i quietly tiptoe behind her, approaching like a hunter does with his prey. i tried to sneak away like nothing happened but it was too late. there is nothing like the fury of a girl with chocolate syrup running down her leg.
i had to wait a few hours for my final interview with a vp before my promotion was official... was harassing a coworker of mine via text, and after the interview said \"tell (other coworker) that he reports to me now, and he needs to start wearing cuter outfits to work\"... then realized i texted it to my boss's boss who is now just my boss... followed up with an apology, and when he called me 10 minutes later about the interview he didn't mention it... but it's been on my mind for the entire 4 hour drive home.
midterm portfolios and a test were due today in my figure drawing class. i went to school early, dropped my portfolio off, told the instructor what's going on and got out of there. then i went home and iced that thing up like no one's business. still icing, hoping for the best. seriously though, tifu my neck during midterms :(
i live in a dorm. usually, i buy my stuff through absolute fencing, but i needed a practice saber...quick. i happened to have prime, so i thought, \"hey, i can get this shipped to me quick and free!\" for some odd reason, my prime orders get messed up a lot. well, i went to the office to get my saber, because ups said it arrived. well, i try to explain that a fencing saber isn't really a sword, but a dull, blunt thing that is only used with protective padding, not to mention we have a fencing class and team here
i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :( i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :( i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :(
she called me after the 18 months, and asked me if i was serious about our agreement -- but not in those words. she began crying, hung up, and i never heard from her again.
i saw my opportunity, and i took it. i will be on crutches for a while, but i won't live this down for a long, long time.
long read but multiple fuck ups. so i get asked to bartend this wedding with a friend. i think fuck it and say yeah me and my best bud will do it. my friend says, \"yeah i've bartended at a wedding before it's great you can get drunk with everyone and everyone loves it\". my friend is my best mate, and brings the super retard idiot out in me. the day before i had just finished my final huge exams for my degree, and wanted to blow off some steam. so we rock up at this bartending gig, i
i'm at the office going on a usual mid week coffee bender which usually consists of three cups before lunch. for those that don't smoke, drink coffee, or both, the coffee is the primer and the cig pulls the plug. i go upstairs to the 26th floor where i work and head for the bathroom. of course the cleaning lady has to be in there so i clench the cheeks for a good half hour. after she leaves i head in there and plop down ready to. i get the nervous poop syndrome so i immediately try to hold it all in till the co worker leaves.
i forgot to lock the door :'(. i forgot to lock the door :'(. i forgot to lock the door :'(.
i woke up the next day hungover as shit, the clock said 9am, i was supposed to start work at 9, so my alarm didn't go off. in a panic i jumped out of bed quickly, and threw the nearest set of clothes on. i recently bought a decent car that cost me 11k, and in my shit somewhat asleep state, as i was reversing out of the garage i misjudged and scraped the side of my car on the brick pillars scratching a shit load of paint off the side panels of my car. god damn it.
my boyfriend and i see each other once a week if we're lucky so when we do we usually get down to some dirty business after getting food and wandering around .  today was no different. started off the date by going to a sushi buffet, then went shopping (got a wondrous deal on clothing thanks to a friend, completely unrelated), and ended up at his place . After gorging ourselves on more food, we recommence the sexy times -- only to have his grandpa walk in on us .
at work we have a kind of friendly game where we throw tennis balls at each other. a tennis ball was throw and i picked it up and was about to make a pretty sneaky long range attack. it bounced along and knocked some woman's coffee over and it spilled on her phone and all over her lunch.
This is why social media is the devil . This is why social media is the devil . This is why social media is the devil .
i downloaded about 5 porn videos from a torrent program up on my laptop . I put them in my secret locked file and we continued gaming . my friend's mom opened the email and told me i have to pay 200 dollars and she is forwarding it to me . i am still yet to receive any repercussions, emails, or phone calls .
20 years ago my best friend and i decided to go to the mall. We looked around for games we wanted to play, making our plan of attack and then we saw this new incredible ride. The ride stops with my shirt still over my head. dead silence. dead silence. i'm totally mortified and didn't want to be more embarrassed by quitting so i tucked my shirt into my waist band and finished my time.
i had forgotten that i had an ear wax dissolvent bottle that looked exactly the same shape and size of my eye drop bottle. i put one drop in and felt immediate pain. i rushed to the bathroom and rinsed my eye out for a good 5 minutes, and i took a wet cloth and dabbed my eye every now and than for about an hour.
Last week my boss allowed me to go home early, but offered to pay me for a full day . My timecard still showed me leaving at 1:00 on friday and i was supposed to get paid for a full day so i emailed them back saying to change my out time to 4:30 because my boss said it was okay . fast forward to this morning, and my boss tells me that she just got an angry call asking why she approved me to get paid for 3.5 hours that i wasn't working .
i notice a man using an electric scooter who cant make a corner because of his bad hand . i go over and say ill help him turn and get him round the corner. so i start turning the handlebars and help him pull the forwards lever.. i crash him right into the tables of people knocking over chairs and causing all their coffees to spill over the floor!
i just moved to a new city and my best friend has been awesome, welcomed me in to his home to rent from him when my previous domicile was made unavailable due to my other friend moving. he's supported me through a shit tonne of stuff since meeting me 3 months ago, been an all around ggg. i am the asshole in this situation for sure, he's been interested in this girl for awhile, but hasn't made a move, prefering to go the friends route with her.
my turn radius on my car sucks a bit, so i had to stop and and put it in reverse . i stopped a couple feet from a lightpost and some combination of my brain or body sucks up and didn't put my car and reverse . i didn't get any tickets from the police that ended up showing up randomly .
i've been off smoking for 58 days as of today, but i caved and bought a pack because i managed to justify 'two months on, two months off' in my mind.  smoked four over the course of a few hours, got home and instantly felt like ass garbage.
as i'm scrolling down the reddit front page with my left hand, this massive mosquito comes out of nowhere . Instead of using my free left hand i use my dominant right hand in an attempt to swat the fucker away . As i am windmill swatting the massive blood sucker, my dick is left to roam free .
when i went to flea bomb i forgot to check his favorite cupboard. so i hold my breath, run through the place, reach my hand in and get a big handful of cat. still breathing and very displeased with me, though he seems to be ok.  update: it's been a couple hrs, he seems to be ok, no throwing up or muscle spasms.
hotgurl is talking to me alot giving little hints that i should have noticed but i couldn't muster myself together enough to take these hints and lay some moves on hotgurl. the ex lovers part was the worst cause after talking for 45-60 minutes she looks and me and goes \"you will find someone, don't worry\" but gives major hints that i missed my chance.
i used to take the school bus home from school, and the bus ride was the best part of the day . One blonde lady followed the bus all the way to my bus stop, she waited until she saw me get up to get out of her car. before i can even get off of the bus she climbs onto the the bus, and i shit you not, these are her exact words, you wouldn't forget them either. this led to my suspension; 1 week from school, 1 month from the bus.
i told her it was the umbilical cord . i told her it was the umbilical cord . i told her it was the umbilical cord .
naturally, i didn't want to fuck up and be late, so i went to bed early and got some sleep so i can get up at 6:50am and get there earlier. i wake up at 6:50 this morning, i take a nice hot shower and get ready slowly just because i've got so much time. at 7:15am, my boss calles me and asks me why i'm not at work yet. she then proceeds to tell me that it's 8:15am right now because of daylight savings time.
last year i joined the army national guard. i wanted to be an officer, but i couldn't afford school . i got a 97 on the asvab (that's pretty damn high, if you didn't know) i chose to be a truck driver (the score needed was below the score needed for joining) then i got to basic. for me it was super easy, except the physical part.
my eyes fell on a packet of salted popcorn, so in an instant it was open and i was chomping merrily and laughing at funny videos. next thing i know, my stomach is trying to stage a mutiny. i thought i was going to explode. moral of the story: don't ever eat popcorn fast on an empty stomach. next time, i'm sticking with pretzels.
when we were finished, they were all good, but i was feeling quite dizzy. as we were leaving, i started feeling worse and worse in the car ride and i felt as if my skin was melting and the car was going at light speeds. All of this lead to my mind telling me \"i need to fucking throw up right now\", so i obliged, but thought, hey it would be a great idea to roll down the window first before throwing up. nope, turns out throwing up while on the freeway with the window open causes the barf to come flying back in and hitting the person sitting
i bought the weed and was about to leave when the guy behind the counter tells me: \"since this is your first time here, you get a free dap of hash!\" i took a massive bongrip of straight hashish, because how can you say 'no' to free, right? i ended up hiding in an in-in-out for about 2 hours trying not to hyperventilate. i then wandered around for another hour because i got completely lost trying to find my car.
when i get to the window the lady gives me my soda, and my straw. i put the soda in my cupholder and throw the straw on my chair. then figuring i had actually thrown my food in my chair i drove off.
yesterday was thanksgiving, and instead of having the usual beaver drizzled in maple syrup (kidding) i ate a traditional meal with a bit of a twist. instead of turkey we had raw chunks of prime beef with a pasty sauce comprised of dried hot peppers and whisky.  anyways, turns out my stomach can't handle a meal meant for an african warrior who just killed a zebra with his 14 inch long johnson.
i am a gamer but i can't really play/enjoy sports games to save my life! They ask me for my gamertag and what not so they can add me. On the way home i had to stop and pick this game up to play it once so i didnt look like a crazy liar to my co-workers.  $60 wasted.
my company does a health risk assessment to give people incentives to be healthy. they take your height, weight, blood draw, etc. and if you are healthy you get money off of your premiums each month. my company does a health risk assessment to give people incentives to be healthy. they take your height, weight, blood draw, etc. and if you are healthy you get money off of your premiums each month. my company does a health risk assessment to give people incentives to be healthy. they take your height, weight, blood draw, etc. and if you are healthy you get money off of your premiums each
i papercut my eye with about 15 pages of paper. i got to an optometrist right away, and was able to take [a picture of a picture they took](http://i.imgur.com/dgkegv4.jpg)
i had forgotten that last night i fell asleep after watching some porn . Luckily i had made the effort of closing the actual porn website, but i hadn't gone as far as the pop-up ads . i had to clumsily close down three sexual pop up ads (two \"live cams\" and some adult dating site) while my aunts, uncles, grandmother and great grandmother watched .
so i was drunk and trying to have some sexy facetime with my girl, but i accidentally facetimed one of my coworkers wife. i don't even know how i got her number. then the coworker facetimed me to find out wtf is going on and i accept his facetime while i am completely naked. he was confused. and today at work he told everyone he saw my man bits.
i told her i loved her unfortuantely and now shits really fuckin weird. fuck me right? i was really angry that she had cheated on me so i got on her facebook and saw that she had been having sex with this girl for like 3 months.
4 years ago, in middle school, i had downloaded tor so i could browse reddit and whatnot, and put it in my \"s: drive\" i never got in trouble, and tech had many times gone through my files and found nothing wrong. i'm here now suspended because the tech at the high school i go to decided to look at my files, and because the drive is stored by the school district, they found tor.
i got burned on my hand today at work during a factory shut down from an arc flash made up of 480 volts of electricity . i was blowing an air compressor into the main disconnect of the machine, and had an arc flash burned me . i passed all of my drug, hearing, and heart rate tests, and the doc said i was lucky to just get a flash burn, all it is a bad sun burn with a popped blister .
i had a great weekend which didn't include a lot of sleep, so that is a factor . got up to the counter, made my purchase, and turn to head out side. i notice my car going backward, about halfway through the parking lot now. i failed to get the car in gear to stop it from rolling. and yes, no e-brake was on either. the situation on the road was blocked cars waiting for the light to turn green. at the halfway point where my car was at, light turns green, cars in my car's path get out of the way...
i'm driving in the parking lot that wraps around my apartment complex, with some woods off to the other side. a motherfuckin' wasp flies in my motherfuckin' window. i swat at the thing with my lit cigarette and lose control of my car because the damn thing was in my eyes. my windshield is shattered. my hood is bent, but just at the front. my bumper may as well not exist because it's falling off.
i was admitted to the hospital with a high fever because i was having trouble with a medicine i was taking . while i was taking off my gown i passed out. when i woke up the floor was covered in urine, vomit, and diarrhea. Within the next five minutes i heard a scream and a huge vomiting noise soon all the nurses were over there vomiting.
i'm not a car guru but i know my way around one i like to think... and more importantly... how much this would cost . i didn't expect to pay more than 65/75 for the service... but i have about 150$ in my checking account . my sister comes in with a pissed look on her face shaking her head. she pays the bill without speaking to me and says 'meet you at home'
we were trolling slowly in the boat and for some reason i just all of a sudden jumped in. the worst part is i felt them hit my foot.
Went out for dinner with family and decided to have a burger and chips . An hour later started to feel slightly off so decided to lay down for a bit . As soon as he sat down on the toilet my arseexploded . Spent 2.5m on the bath and sink and couldn't get up . Needed to be sick again so knelt over the side of the bath and began throwing up again . Force of retching caused me to start shitting wildly again . Covered in sick and shit and sweat .
i have this killer urge to fart, and it 'feels wrong'. man i don't know.. it just feels like something's going to go down.  so i edge the fart as close as it will go before concluding it's a bit of a schroedinger situation. So i decide to gamble, and to my dismay, it was a shart. it wasn't just a shart. it was the diarrhoea you wouldn't want to imagine ever having.
i left a pepsi in the freezer to cool off earlier today so i didn't think to move it to the fridge before i went to sleep. the moment i touched it, it instantaneously froze. it exploded like a grenade of pepsi in my face. it was on the ceiling, in our cupboards and on the floor 10 feet away from me in our living room.
\"If i shaved my balls, i wouldn't ever have to deal with it's nuisance again\" 10 minutes in: everything's going according to plan. the feeling of the blade caressing the skin of my nuts; not a thing to be taken lightly. i then rinse and repeat, but this time, i decide to shave *upward* to make sure i get the little follicles out. apparently balls can't handle that, so with each and individual hair that is ripped from my crotch, little splotches of blood appear.
i was sitting for a test during my senior year of high school . The test was for a Spanish final . The teacher would read a story aloud and we'd have to answer a multiple choice question about it . i somehow managed to fall asleep and miss the rest of the reading section; not only that, i'd been asleep for 30 minutes and no teacher felt the need to wake me up .
when i realize what i've just done, i flip the keyboard and sit there with a look of disbelief, anger, and a realization of my own stupidity. i render it in an mp3 and close fls... here's my mistake.  when i'm wasting time on my computer, i'm usually very fast about it so i can waste the same amount of time doing even more pointless shit. my muscle memory **fucks me up the ass with a fifty foot sword**.
by mid-morning i have the urge to use the restroom and excuse myself from class. in an attempt to save my phone i do the ol' cartoon mad dash for the object where it bounces out of one hand, into the other, back into the beginning hand and then plop- into the piss filled toilet water.  ohshitohshitohshit- stick hand into the toilet and pull out my phone without a second thought, until i realized i just submerged my entire hand into pissy water.
i told her after class and she just said, \"um, thanks?\" (she is pretty cute, huge ass and very nice breasts. she's pretty skinny too.)
\"i can breathe new life into these khaki-colored corduroys by dyeing them!\" \"i have everything i need for my new equation for pants. time to get cracking!\" \"not only all over my entire body and clothes, but the toilet, floors, dryer, walls....i happened to have a burgundy-colored towel that i used to sop up most of the mess\"
i was pulling an old flat-bed work truck from one of our fleet-customers out of our shop. it was in for some maintenance work before the plowing season this winter. i backed it out of the garage bay, put it back in drive, started turning to squeeze it between the shop and the barn, and started to accelerate. as far as i could tell, by watching the corner of the barn, and the mirrors, i had enough room to squeeze through. i parked the truck, looked at the corner of the barn and the truck, and there was no serious damage to either.
i recently graduated from college, and i'm looking for a full-time job like every other schmuck in this world. the logical thing for me would be to put my resume on career builder, and start applying for some jobs. i got a call this morning for a company i applied to yesterday global marketing concepts to be exact. the woman on the phone was nice, and explained that she was looking for someone to manage accounts for her clients.
i got a popsicle from my boyfriend friend . The tip of my popsicle fell into her cleavage as she was talking to her co-worker .
Lesson, you should not try and build things when you're sleep deprived.  [there will be blood.](http://imgur.com/vgmaehi)
rear tube on my bike pops every two months or so, no big . i take my bike home remove the wheel, replace the tube really quick, and attach the tire back to the bike, like i've done dozens of times before . i'm stoked this didn't happen while riding fast, but still that fork is ruined and i may have to buy a new brake .
i'm a senior, but i don't have a defined friend group, i mostly drift between the nerds and some of the popular kids . well, everybody is pissed at me. at first i don't understand why, but then i talk to one of my friends. last year i had told the girl i liked that i would ask her to homecoming, but things didnt really work out because she said she didn't have enough time for a relationship . what few friends i had are not speaking to me because they have deemed it \"wrong\" for me to dance with this girl .
i'm a student web developer and my boss was put in charge of creating a system to track incoming students for one of the colleges in my university . unfortunately i have recently had to take two weeks off due to a surgery and the deadline for the system to be finished was during that time . Here's the fuck up - i never added a checker to see if the student being called had been accepted .
sometimes these things get massive, like to the point that i'm worried i'll have staph. i realized how it would look if someone were to walk in with me in front of my computer while i had my shorts down, so i quickly stood up and pulled them up . i landed on my ass, and my head hit one of the legs on the chair .
anyway i decided to try one of the chillis today, as it was the first time i'd grown them and so i was curious to find out what they tasted like . When i woke up, i was still half-asleep and feeling a little 'in the mood' so i decided to do the two-finger shuffle . then all of a sudden the most intense, hot pain shot through me from my genitals and i jumped off the bed crying in pain .
i work very hard for any money that comes my way. i babysit up to 6 kids at any time, watching 2 children full time. i get maybe 20 dollars every few weeks, no matter how often i babysit.
on a plane to riga from moscow i became extremely drunk. i hate flying so i brought a flask of vodka on the plane. i wake up a day later tied to a bed in a hospital. my money was stolen. my visa is being processed and will be ready but what if they won't let me on the plane?
had to have plastic surgery on my hand. Slipped on a wet metal grate holding a bottle of wine. it smashed in my hand. Had to have plastic surgery on my hand.
i started playing cookie clicker. i started playing cookie clicker. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPad. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPhone. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPad. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPhone. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPad. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPhone. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPad. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPhone. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPad. i started playing cookie clicker on my iPhone. i
she thought i was just saying \"i don't know\" to hide it from her . i sent her a text at like 4 in the morning saying sorry and how awkward it is now, and that i'm embarrassed .
so i get to the funeral home and my mom asks the director if she has a tom jones cd to play because he was my grandmas favorite, the director replies no and i said i could hook up my phone on the tom jones station great right? not great. staying alive comes on next and its blasting and it was awful i lunged at the phone but the damage was done i got so many looks from disappointed relatives.
i haven't had contacts recently, and have been relying on my old glasses . during my shower i decided to comb out my hair . blind little old me put my hand in the basket on top of the toilet to grab the comb . what i hadn't been informed was that there was a razor in there .
i recently got a macbook for my film production program which i start next week . Since both of them are identical both of them, when plugged in have the same name when appearing on the screen \"my passport\" i tried to move the files from one drive to the other but that didn't work . i just lost 3 big folders of movies i didn't copy .
\"Wouldn't it be useful to create a guide so other people could use it?\" \"I realized i've made a mistake but i have no choice but to ride this rollercoaster until the end\" \"the last officer that joined our circle of friendship came up on my left and cut me off mid sentence and yelled,\"dont panic, dont panic my friend\"
i'm fat and not just fat i am 500 pounds i feel like i could have a heart attack at any minute . I live in an apartment with my gf that i don't deserve i make just enough money to pay bills sometimes not even enough for that . I'm so tired of life its exhausting not knowing what's gonna happen tomorrow how i'm gonna pay for this and that having to wake up everyday ass early to work a job a fucking hate just to stay alive .
My cousin's 3 year old son went missing in a cemetery . His godparent who last saw him running ran like hell to the direction where she last saw him running . When she returned and ask us if we found him, someone whom behind me says \"no, no, he hasn't found yet\" then the little jerk inside of me suddenly came out without notice . My cousin whom the mother is got mad at her and scolded her because the way she is acting at that moment .
i'm totally straight. me and my dad usually have political arguments. well often it gets down to views on human rights. gay marriage. i admit, i get out of control but he literally says shit like, \"well if we let the gays marry, then people are going to want to marry their car!\" actual dad quote by the way.
i thought, \"hey it's Halloween, maybe i can try and hook up with some random girl and it will be fun and awesome\" most of the night was lame, couples out together, people not in costume, not many people out in general because it's a thursday, etc, etc.
my wife and brother-in-law were prepping the house for the Halloween party we had planned, and i was tasked with making the sweet tea. i set about making the tea, and my wife tells me to use the glass dispensers we had been gifted for our wedding. the tea reached boiling point, so i took it off the stove and set it aside to steep for a few minutes. i also forgot that one of the two dispensers had a fine crack toward the bottom, near the nozzle.
we ran out of wrapped candy, so all i had left was a bowl of candy corn. these kids just came by, and i put the candy corn in their bags, thinking nothing of it. a parent came down with their kid. i just threw some in their bag, and the parent stopped me before i closed my door. he started yelling at me, asking if i was trying to poison his daughter. i stammered, \"n-no! i'm not! it's Halloween! i'm supposed to give out candy!\" then he called me a smart-alec, and
I accidentally kneed my brother in the berries during a wrestling match. He spent 15 minutes lying on my bed in pain. I offered to let him kick me in the cooch or punch my boobs. he said he will... but he's not telling me when. now he keeps faking me out, acting like he's going to kick me and making me flinch. walking around the house is like a horror game.
i woke up to a flurry of texts that were full of regret and apologies. i fell asleep the happiest person in the world, and woke up heartbroken.
when i got in his car (someone else driving not my step father) i noticed how bouncy it was and threw up in my mouth a bit and tried to swallow that which made it worse . i eventually threw up all over the back seat of the car and had to clean it all up but he still noticed .
i didn't remember it until he told me someone pissed in his parents linen basket. it was his mother. she refused to tell him who it was, luckily. i'll tell him when we're older and we'll laugh our asses off.
i was enjoying a slightly cooled coffee this morning when my very pregnant wife woke and asked for a tea. i poured the boiling water into the mug, and returned the tea to the cupboard. turned around and took a swig of my coffee, and was instead greeted with 200+ degree water immediately scalding my lips, tongue and palate.
i'm 22 and i went last night to a fairly new friend on a new year's eve party. the problem was, that there were only 3 shot glasses, so i used a normal glass with the half of the height of vodka. on 11:20 pm i sat in the kitchen completely drunken, vomiting my heart out. then they took me to the owners room and let me get some sleep. on 6 in the morning one of the guys called me that they moved on to another party and won't be at the house until afternoon, cause nobody is able to drive anymore.
she toasted to \"ass burps\" and promptly farted. i shat. liquid. everywhere. on our sofa. she laughed. i cried. so i am sitting on my sofa, liquid shit everywhere, and a beautiful girl staring at my shit covered pants, sofa, and leg.
i'm 20 and my folks let me go to my friend's house party which ended up being a total disaster due to someone inviting high school kids. After new years i'm looking for poon carefully making sure i don't go near jailbait. i finally found the girl. the house owner who's my best friend really will stick out for me no matter what happens so i said, \"fck it.\" or as the kids say, \"yolo\"
i was trying to eat an apple. it was a crisp and firm apple and i began the initial bite with my hand pressing it against my upper teeth. suddenly, the apple gave way forcing my hand upwards with a simultaneous crunch and punch to my nose. to everyone else, i was in a fight, to reddit....i confess the truth.
i just arrived at my best friend surprise birthday party/new years soir\u00e9e and everyone fucking hates me. i walked in about 45 minutes later than everyone else and didn't really think it was necessary for me to call anyone about my late presence. i'm walking to the door and as i open it i almost shit my pants with the great surprise with shit loads of confetti and mariachis.
The toilet seat fell from it's unstable towel-perch and slammed down on my dick . i don't remember much of what happened later, aside from falling asleep on the way to the hospital to make sure my dick wasn't broken .
I used some of [this](http://www.amazon.com/unknown-sauce-insanity-sauce/dp/b0007wuoum) stuff to give my tuna sandwich a little bit of a kick around an hour ago . Ten minutes later, that stuff still stings like hell, and the start of work is going to be really awkward .
i got burnt pretty good while swimming in my great-aunt's pool on 4th of July . my dead skin managed to fly off my shoulder and directly onto the plate of my aunt .
i decided it was time to wash the sheets. by the time i was ready for bed i was still sheetless. i went downstairs to a closet where i keep a bunch of climbing gear and military gear and pulled an old sheet out of the bottom of the pile of shit that is that closet.  yeah, the sheet seemed kind of dirty, but i was too tired to look at it closely. so i get into bed with the sheet over me and decide it's time for my nightly fap. in my bed i notice an ant writhing around, obviously wounded by my scratching or leg rubbing.
i just got a job after basically being homeless for a bit, and bumming around living with my girlfriend's parent, i got a job working for an awesome company. They have a 401k program, and trying to be a responsible adult i decide to sign up for it. The first sign up went bad, since not all my data was collected, and i got a call about it, so after 25 tries later, it went through. Fast forward to today. no one's said anything about my 401k or paycheck, and let me tell you, i am hungry for that money.
i accidentally opened the wrong browser so i exited to use safari . the first tab open is a google search for 'can i get pregnant on my period', projected in huge font for the entire boardroom . then the little rainbow wheel came up so i had to wait for like ten seconds, frantically clicking and moving the mouse, until i could close the tab and open my presentation .
i work midnights at a gas station so i'm the only one there on most nights. while getting ready with about 10mins until i had to leave i had the need to shit. about 5mins into it i heard the door ring... fuck... it was the point of no return though, they could wait a few minutes. then i heard the dreaded \"hello is anyone here?!\" it was my bosses 20yr old spoiled bitchy brat. fuck everything.
500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... luckily, not too many people at work said anything, but the day has just started...
i usually orgasm both times but really exaggerate it the first time for my future self . my moans blasting out over my speakers nearly full volume. my vibrator vibin' my dirty talking, and the painfully awkward sounds of skin slapping together .
i work for a small business that pays the government whatever sales tax we collect from customers monthly . every single month i fill out the same form, calculate what we owe them, write a check & send it off . It's common for us not to pay any sales tax (a lot of what we do is for other companies), and in those cases i fill out the form and send it off without a check . Today i get an official notice in the mail with a list of large numbers and words like **late penalty** and **accruing fine** in bold letters .
today i had a nice long list of errands to do including a drug test for a new job. planned out my route to ensure i didn't have to double back for any errands and would drink just enough fluids to make sure i could \"perform on queue\" i had to go out and hand the male tech a cup of pink pee. i'm not sure which of us was more embarrassed, but he was nice and told me it happens more often than one would think. so the worst part was i needed to change my tampon and while changing, blood everywhere! it managed to get on my leg
Our style guide says that we don't use \"fuck\" or \"cunt\" as the subject of posts . \"Fuck\" ended up in the email subject line, and pretty much all of our daily digests landed in people's spam boxes . Unless people manually mark as \"not spam\" our digests will keep landing there from here on out .
i finish up when all of a sudden i hear my mum coming upstairs so i quickly pull on my trousers and cover up in time she says someones at the door for me . My mum took 1 look at me and went \"i think you've got something on your trousers\" Never before have i been so embarrassed about something i haven't spoken to friend nor mother since and i'm dreading the conversation when it comes .
i have a really bad habit of starring off into the distance and not realizing i am making eye contact with people. sometimes it's good, i can make some sexual eye contact with a cute guy if i notice him in time. this time was different. i was in the car with my mom (because i'm that cool) we used to go to this one restaurant and it changed into a bar with out us knowing. we were stopped at a red light for a really long time. we were talking about the restaurant and that sort of thing.  apparently i was making eye contact with this gentleman
i am helping my dad scrap the siding on the house. we are selling it for a profit . i thought it was a branch, but it was one of the boxes packed so tight with aluminum siding that it wouldn't be able to stuff more in that box . my shorts decided to snag the siding and pull it down. while it was on it, way down, it scraped against my leg, out a one and a half inch long, quarter inch wide chunk of skin .
when your friends and the label on the bottle tell you not to put nair on your puss-puss, you'd better fucking listen. you will end up straddling the bathtub faucet, running cold water on the disaster area and crying. the hair didn\u2019t even come off, but i'm just glad the skin is still there.
i usually poop very day, and recently, it's been getting increasingly difficult to get it out . i knew it was because of my eating habits, but for some reason, i didn't change them. i just kept saying \"at least i'm not constipated,\" and continuing on eating junk. then yesterday happened. i felt the familiar lump in my nethers that means it's time to drop one. i dropped trow and get on the turlet. from there, it went something like this: ok. here it comes... oh, you're a
i live in a small town with an over zealous police department. well while i exploring the 100 acres of woods behind our subdivision i found a hand gun. i immediately walked home, taking the gun with me and i called the police on my phone. After inspecting it for a few minutes they report back to me that this is a air soft gun, and just looks realistic.
i love sunny d. it's sweeter than orange juice and reminds me of being a younger child. i got awful stomach pains after i finished the jug and proceeded to throw up. The last time i drank it and got sick was from something unrelated, and proceeded it drink it all in the same day again.
I was rubbing my eyes and my vagina and then all of a sudden my eyes and vagina felt like it was on fire too just like my ear was . I wasn't suppose to touch any part of my face or body after cutting jalapenos or hot peppers (this was my first time ever cutting jalapenos)
i accidentally shot my roommate's 42 inch led tv. now it has a 1 inch white bars originating from the point of impact.  roommate is pissed and i now have to pay a technician to estimate the cost of repair and possibly buy a brand new tv.
A woman in her mid 20's sat in a furry dressing gown at midday eating alphabetti spaghetti with darth vadar rollerblades on . the person can see through the window, they can see my head, they know i\u2019m home. i can\u2019t ignore them. it\u2019s only a matter of time before they simply walk through the door and my bizarre recently adopted childish habits are revealed .
i'm stuck in school in drama boosters. having finished my work i was re-reading some attack on titan manga while everyone got on with their work. since we were working in a different room that was adjacent to our normal room, you could just about see that the lights were on. my teacher questioned this, and me being the helpful guy i am told her i'd go and turn it off. my friend who was right in the middle of kissing his girlfriend. they freeze.  me being the socially awkward person i am, i mumble something about the lights and switch them off, leaving them in total
i got mixed up because my motherboard has am3+ series . i have to cancel it via ups to get my refund from newegg . anyone else fuck up $150 purchases like i just did?
last night for thanksgiving, my grandma wanted to make mini cheesecakes for dessert. now, everyone knows how terrible she is at cooking. i offer to help, which somehow turned into each of us making our own cheesecakes. made my own crust and filling with fresh raspberries sprinkled with sugar. then i swirled some chocolate on paper, let it cool and stuck it on top. my grandma used nilla wafers as crust and canned cherries. somehow i didn't realize then i went way over the top.
when i left the closet, the kids were still looking for 16 year old nephew. found him in the closet that i was just in.  edit: we are related by marriage, not blood.
so, basically, i was messing with my phone, and i found a setting.  curiosity got me and i activated it, so now i can't do shit on my phone.
The teacher was explaining how girls are getting stoned in afghansitan, where i laughed because i thought of the other stoned, you know. She death stared me and i eventually had to explain why i laughed.
i came across a post by the wonderful couple /u/testing78378 and [this superpost](http://www.reddit.com/r/amateurarchives/comments/1q6jwm/could_be_too_much_of_a_good_thing_mic/cd9oq0m) of theirs.
put a pot on the stove, high heat to boil. went up stairs to grab laundry. got sidetracked by the interwebs etc. came down an hour later and realized i'd forgot the pot of water on the kettle.  realized it was ruined. picked it up to throw it out when a stream of molten metal went flying across the kitchen. landed on the counter and all over the floor. left huge scorch marks everywhere it landed. last year i overflowed the sink and wrecked the laminant floor and the basement roof. fuck me gently.
my nephew wanted me to teach him some tricks with the yoyo so i decided to show the most basic one of all walking the dog .  upon trying this trick i hit myself in the nuts and then my 5 year old nephew learned a new word mother fucker .
i passed out two hours before the feast and woke up two and a half hours after it started. i managed to cook half of the green beans before i passed out, so i brought them, and a bottle of sake too. i was still drunk and everyone could tell.
so all semester we do these exams, like any college class. we take them in class, and they are 5 little short answers and then pick one of two essays. the topic was global protest, and this last test was over sncc. as a history major this was going to be easy. well, there is a reason i don't do online courses. i forget things when left to my own devices, but with a regimented class schedule i do a good job of getting things done when they need to. my other class is a must pass to graduate class, so i have been putting tons of
i didn't want to leave my pet hamster, buddy, alone for the holidays, so i brought him with me all the way up to chilly montana . my sister's daughter (who is three) absolutely feel in love with buddy. she'd even asked me to bring his cage into her room, which i agreed so long as she never took him out unless there was an adult to watch . the hamster exploded within 42 seconds of putting him in there. his blood, gore, and fur lined the window, with the bones jutting into the plastic frame of the microwave .
since we have a child together (8 months) we had to decide who's side of the family gets which holiday (turkey day/xmas) my side of the family gets to have today while her side gets xmas. basically what i did was not explicitly promise that we would get to visit her family after dinner tonight even though that they live about 75 miles away and it was nearly 7 when we left.
she called me yesterday and tells me, \"don't worry about working tomorrow, they are overstaffed so they won't need you\" i decide that i will make the two hour drive to my parents' house, only to receive a call from my boss asking why i wasn't there. now i'm probably facing some sort of disciplinary action from my work and there is nothing i can do to avoid it. fuck.
last night, technically, but it happened at midnight, so... my dorm room's door lock is the push-in sort, so when it hits the wall with moderate force, it locks. imagine my surprise when after taking out my contacts and ready to call it a night that the knob isn't budging one bit. now normally, i'd go to my residence's front desk to get the spare to reopen my door *if it didn't close at like 10 pm or something*. that meant i had to walk all the way to another residence (10 minutes one-way) in the
i decided to go fuck around in my moms car in the snow . i overdrifted and took out a stop sign before rapidly jamming drive and reverse to get away . the sign fell out from under the car a bit later and i drove it home to go tell my mom .
about halfway through the show my friend decided to spark up another round of smell yo dick. the two girls next to me start singing it really loudly. all of a sudden, i hear the loudest shooshing noise coming from the stage.
faggots is the name of a popular dish where i'm from . Last week i bought a pack of mr brain's frozen pork faggots .
i knew that my friends card would unlock the doors, so i went to his house and took it . i went to campus, unlocked the doors, and was just sitting down when the alarm went off . i saw a security car driving up while i was leaving campus, and could hear the alarm blaring all the way to my car .
I hadn't shaved my pubic hair before, so the hairs were quite long. i tried going for it with the razor, but it wasn't working too well because the long hairs would get stuck in the blade. i decided to get some scissors and trim down the hairs first. when i trimmed them, i would pull them taught to avoid cutting myself. after a few snips i suddenly felt a stinging pain in my ballsack. when i first looked down i didn't see blood, so i thought i was okay. i pulled away the hairs to dispose of them and attached to one i
i hit my lip. i get that taste of blood in my mouth, the special one that only happens when you get teeth drilled or you fuck your mouth up bad. i now have a permanent scar of the line of my teeth on my bottom lip.
i forgot to pack any food. so i had to live off boiled sweets and crisps whilst everyone munched their plump potatoes, peas and juicy sausages.  on the second day, i got soaked to the skin when it rained, i didn't change my clothes and fell asleep, outside in a tent, when it was freezing cold. i got dehydrated and vomited. am i glad to be home now.
during my class break i head to the computer lab and i'm inspired to write . It's a beautiful analysis of carls jr commercials, works cited is actually completed and done perfectly in mla format . It's about 5 minutes before my class starts, and i close the document file thinking it's gotta be saved somewhere . i end up spending my english class time re-writing it from the draft i emailed myself that morning, but it just wasn't the same .
the ta has been grading my stuff and putting it in the other guy's box all semester . i've never met my actual ta.
she sent me a long message about how rude i am, how i only think the video is wrong because i'm atheist and i need to stop pushing my beliefs onto people . She called me a \"smart ass little know it all\" and told me that she had no time for my \"childish finger pointing\" i'm not worried about her trying to make my boyfriend break up with me, he wouldn't over something like that and he agrees with me about the video .
i was in a bit of rush so didn't notice at all either then or on the way into work - the offending item of clothing was under layers of sweater and coat which masked the smell very effectively. have now washed the sleeve and am sitting working wet-sleeved and miserable.
as i braced for impact, i sneezed; but oh, this wasn't just any sneeze. i farted at the same time and i realized a couple seconds later that i had shit my pants.
i sharted on my hotel sheets today. they were white of course.  thought i just needed to fart but i was wrong. i sleep commando so there was nothing between me and the white hotel sheets.
i hadn't seen any mold on the bread i used so i figured i'd be fine. cue 3am wake up call via lower intestine. the next 3 hours were spent in the bathroom vacating everything within my system.
at the end of one of my connecting flights, in a rush to make it to my next connection, i pulled my suitcase from the overhead bin without looking behind me.  not only did i underestimate the weight of my obnoxiously large carry-on, but i dropped that carry-on right onto a toddler's little head. poor baby didn't even cry, he was so startled.
One of those places where they give you a cup and you take it to a machine and push the flavor you want and the drink comes out . As i start to fill up my cup i was watching the guy at the counter and not my cup, which i was currently filling up with bright red slushie . in my panic to quickly clean up the mess i stuck the straw and cap on the drink but it was already so full that i caused more slushie to spill out everywhere .
i've been plagued by a terrible case of scabies for the past six months . The next magic trick to get rid of the little buggers was to very carefully, and very stupidly, pour half a bottle of cayenne pepper into a hot bath . Within 45 seconds of lowering my itching body into the red vat of cayenne pepperous lava, my body exploded into the hottest and most painful thing i have ever experienced .
i was driving past a self serve car wash that was advertising $4 car washes. i decided it was a sign and went in to wash my car. i proceeded to apply a thick layer of bright pink foam with the brush, but the timer ran out just as i was finishing foaming it up.
i'm burning some time at the end of the day, at one point i told him to admit it, that he wanted to be the filler in a hobo sandwich. He replies, pasting my message with a hearty \"no\" a few minutes later he comes down to my cube red in the face, pulling me over to his cube. in one of the billing systems, he was noting an account. as he's scrolling through the notes, i see **\" (1moar) 2:33pm - admit it you want to be the filler in a hobo sandwich,\" in the notes section of
last night my friend was having sex with his girlfriend when his dick ripped through the wall of her vagina, tore her open her rectum, and she almost bleed to death.
while crossing the street i heard a voice yell at me from a car. \"watch where you're walking!\" i was already in a bad mood so without looking i yelled back \"fuck you, you fucking fuck\"
the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day.
i decided to go from dark brown hair to a light blonde and bright orange colour combo.  bleaching went fine albeit damaging to my hair but it'll recover. now comes the orange. not realizing just how concentrated this colour was when i dripped onto my shoulder i thought nothing of it left it for a second because i had gloves on. when i finished and went to wipe it off it revealed [this](http://imgur.com/3ime9ro) a three inch, misshapen, ejaculating penis.
i decided that on April fools, i'm going to get an eviltron and place it inside my coworkers printer. She had to be at work at 3am so i know she would be out of it and the noises would scare her. Instead she handed it back to me saying 'nice try.' i came into work and my coworkers told me the happenings. and now i feel like a giant douche in the middle of a turd sandwich.
my roommate went out partying with her friends and her friend's friends (people i had never met) and afterward she told me that they would be coming back to our apartment. i'm usually cool in these situations because even though i feel uncomfortable with people i don't know being literally right outside my door i just put on a movie and stay in my room. when i heard her get back with all the people i was already close to being asleep and got up to take a shit. we keep the charmin in laundry room, which is by the front door, and getting some would require me go
my roommates computer was sitting in the corner last night. all of us knew what had to be done. we changed multiple parts of our dear roommates facebook page, but the cream of the crop was liking the page \"penis enlargment\" my roommate calls me and tells me \"my 84 year old grandmother saw that i liked penis enlargement and started crying. i have a message from my dad and i need you assholes to fix the problem now. i have a message from my dad and i need you assholes to fix the problem now.
i'm in my room and i was burning little pieces of paper on my desk like any teenage kid does . the fire grows a little too much for comfort and i ended up throwing it out my window to save my room . it lands in a pile of dead leaves which turns into a small inferno which turns into a large inferno . my parents then come upstairs and ask my what that smell is and my only explanation is that i was burning a piece of paper on my desk and they accuse me of smoking weed .
i also lost my watch, failed a test, and the stress of finals is all adding up. i also lost my sunglasses that i've had for 5 years. they're $280, and a medical condition in my eye makes it almost impossible to see without them. the worst part is, i know exactly where they are. on a bus, going anywhere else but to me.
my gf is 18 but hasn't been for long, she's graduating from high school in a couple months. My gf is 18 but hasn't been for long, she's graduating from high school in a couple months. My gf is 18 but hasn't been for long, she's graduating from high school in a couple months. My gf is 18 but hasn't been for long, she's graduating from high school in a couple months. My gf is 18 but hasn't been for long, she's graduating from high school in a
no long explanation needed, simply a lack of sleep lately causing my brain not to work . [and i'm gonna leave it like this...](http://i.imgur.com/fnw0s2y)
i get up at 5:45am everyday and head straight for the bathroom. i always flip on the bathroom light (which makes me squint), grab my toothbrush, apply toothpaste, sit on the crapper, and drain my bladder whilst brushing my teeth.
after awhile, me and said friend head to a different bar to meet other friends and continue drinking. we are talking multiple double vodka crans in short periods of time. i got in the backseat of his car and immediately realized i had grossly over-estimated the amount of vodka and cranberry juice my body was willing to accept that night.
i've only shited my pants a few times, but this one time i'm about to recount was a fucking doozy . i wanted to kill him in his blissful drunkard's sleep. i'm crouched in the bushes, my shit-filled pants are completely off, i've discarded my ruined underwear into a pile of diapers, and i'm trying to wipe as much of the poop as i can off of my legs, ass, and ladyparts with a wad of diapers. i stumble back to the car, forego the gas station, and drive home with no pants
i was doing the ol' facebook when i saw this picture of a girl who goes to college with me. of course, i started jerkin' the gerkin and after finishing i looked at the description and comments. to my horror i found that this was not the girl i thought it was, it was her younger sister.
i don't mind porn, i have porn. but i don't get on web cam pages and fucking talk to people. i feel so attractive and wanted now. thanks honey.
i think it's either the psu or the motherboard, because it's not even powering up at all . When i get home i'm gonna be taking apart my computer and testing everything in my server to see what's wrong .
when i got home, i grabbed my ipad, and went and had a bath using the ipad for music and video entertainment while my inebriated brain relaxed in the tub.  eventually this escalated to watching some pornographic material... i finished my cleansing process and went to bed. this morning i woke up late, threw on some clothes and went to work. this morning i woke up late, threw on some clothes and went to work. this morning i woke up late, threw on some clothes and went to work. this morning i woke up late, threw on some clothes and went to work. this morning i woke up late
i was on my laptop at the table with my coffee in front of the keyboard. i'm usually not too careful about liquids near my computer, hence the coffee spill. the phone rang and as i got to get up from the table, my big boobs pushed the coffee onto the laptop.
My girlfriend and i are both 16 and this is my first major serious relationship. We've been \"official\" since February 26th and she's met my parents and i've met hers. She calls her best friend (my best friend's gf) crying and now i'm trying to talk to her and tell her it's o.k. tifu.
[nothing was dry.](http://i.imgur.com/aapho7p.jpg) [nothing was dry.](http://i.imgur.com/aapho7p.jpg)
i said ok to a few friends coming over while i was at a lil wayne concert. ended up being a rager, which pissed me off since i came home early to clear them out. but parents found out about the party and the fact he lied, saying he was too sick to go with them, which was to help my sister move in. i stayed because they needed me to drive my other sister to her soccer games. they smelt weed in the car, because i smoked in it before the concert. had the windows down and all, but apparently it was still noticeable to them.
when we were coming back (uphill) my flip flops keep falling off my feet so i took both of them off and went for it. after i made it back to ny car my feet burned and i could feel cuts all over it. by the time i got home there is a huge blister under my toes and a lot of little cuts.
i did this in my app's prefix.pch. this makes it apply to the whole app. forgot about it. i compiled and ran the program... errors, everywhere .
she was planning on going with her whole family and they invited me, and it's the first birthday dinner i was going to have with her. i called her and apologized, and she was clearly upset. she told me it wasn't my fault and that the dinner was going to happen at that time regardless of whether i had said i was going or not.
we lost our desktop computer to a virus my little bro gave it by trying to get minecrft for free. after that we had only a laptop to use as a computer. i had been on the laptop, watching youtube videos, when i decided i should make a vine of me eating a pancake with a spoon. i went to grab my phone, and bumped my cup full of koolaid all over the keyboard of the laptop. i panicked and try to clean up the mess with napkins, which partially worked. under later inspection, there is a protector in the keyboard, so we believe it may be the
i was reading a post on r/4chan, link below, when all of a sudden i realized she sat next to me today. after a bit of silence, we start talking about 4chan, random class happenings, and the campus of which i took as the opportunity to apologize for the last class and ask if i could buy her coffee to make up for it. with out hesitation she said yes. was actually caught off guard, in a good way this time, by how smoothly it went.
i'm glad i left, in one way, but i didn't exactly plan for it to happen, so now it's back to scrimping for a while till i get a new one. my boss is a bitch and i hate her for pushing me that far. wish i kept my cool, but this shit had been going on for too long. job would've been amazing if she wasn't there.
tl;dr: i struggle with how to tell about how the events transpired. i consider this punishment for my many many poor choices. i will hold nothing back and tell you every sordid detail.
i decided to rip a piece of foam from some scaffolding in the street (was going to use it as some kind of foam sword) The a police officer shouts at me and in my drunken state i thought i was in serious trouble so i ran. i looked behind me and the officer was way back so i was like \"fuck yeah!\" then i turn back and see a bright fluorescent arm come from no where and i'm laid out on the floor.
My friend dares me to try and light my cigarette in the campfire . i let go of my hair which drops into the fire and catches along with my now burnt eyebrows and eyelashes . i take off running, thinking maybe if i run fast enough it'll blow the fire out... it doesn't.
a friend of mine thought it would be funny to make the spacedicks banner my background but didn't know it would project to the tv as well. well, we had the lol lcs stream on the big tv in the living room and were watching when my mom said to turn off the tv and come eat. well, a friend of mine thought it would be funny to make the spacedicks banner my background but didn't know it would project to the tv as well.
when you're raised with fifteen ladies let me tell you it's a way of life. they do not forgive, you do *not* forget. but i wish i could forget the toilet rules or my dumb ass would be singin' a different tune.  came home tonight, two sheets to the wind, two fingers in the air, and a big ol' gut ready to burst with the worst stinkin' belly'sludge this side of the missississippi.
i was sitting in my mancave submitting stolen content to youtube when my son pissed me off so bad that i lit my beard on fire to scare him off . my water bill was already seven thousand dollars because i hate my wife and prefer to spend most of my leisure time in the shower having a nice soak . i dumped it all on my big flaming face, got really high, ate pizza, made prank phone calls. i tried to call the police on myself so i couldn't eat more pizza than my fair share but the telephone was actually... my dinner hand?
i was walking along the cliffs near my college campus with a friend of mine, and he broke out a very small pipe (maybe three inches) to smoke some weed. the damn pipe shot ash in your mouth every time you took a hit, so i backed off of it after i realized it wasn't just a fluke. i mention to my friend how sometimes seeing girls alone in this town at night makes me a little worried that something might happen to them. the girl had heard what i said, as my high estimate of the distance between us was quite poorly done, and thinking about it now, she was
i asked my dad if there was any butter on the porn then quickly corrected myself and said corn. it was awkward for me and i'm not sure if he noticed or not.
last year, around january, my dad had to go to switzerland for a business meeting with his client. not knowing anything about switzerland, i asked him if he could get a swiss army knife. he obliged, and came back with himself, his bags, and a swiss army knife. he gives it to me, and i'm happy. for a while, at least. a few weeks later, i'm testing the thing out i front of my friend, showing him all the blades and stuff when i pull one out and it slices my hand. my hoof starts to bleed profusely,
when we were done, we layed in bed for a bit, and she went under the blanket to give me some head, as she was still horny. the excitement of the oral pleasure let it slip. her head was inches from my butthole, and the excitement of the oral pleasure let it slip.
as i bent down to get my laptop, i heard infantile screams echo across my apartment complex. \"she's naked oh my godddd!!!\" screamed the gaggle of junior high-aged kids outside my open kitchen window blinds. i froze, picked up my computer, and bolted back into my dark and draped bedroom.
i was looking at some funny memes while drinking some dr. pepper. then, all of a sudden, i start laughing. However, i decided to swallow the soda, making me have a 5 minute long coughing fit.
she cried when she got out. i left in shame. i, being an asshat, totally forgot and decided to barricade the door. i, being an asshat, totally forgot and decided to barricade the door.
i bought a reese's crispycrunchy bar and a zero for the boyfriend. i slowly peel off the wrapper and instantly notice something amiss. caramel. why the fuck would there be caramel in my crispycrunchy bar??? i had bought a stupid nutrageous bar by mistake.
i'm too ashamed to look at the paper until after class, but when i do...it's a mess of personal papers . i'm too ashamed to look at the paper until after class, but when i do...it's a mess of personal papers .
i was home all god damn morning and their delivery still somehow failed . so i had to haul my sore ass all the way to the post office to pick up my god damn dildo of doom . i've never owned a dildo before. figured i'd buy one with some left over cash i had on a prepaid credit card .
The basset hound loves to chew things . He always looks longingly up at me when i'm listening to my tunes . while i was relieving myself, my butt-head of a dog decided it was a great time to chew my ipod .
i'm not one to boast, my average sized dick is average as you can imagine, but when the stars align properly, and the gods grant me favor, i can give peter north a run for his money . i'm simultaniously caught off guard and forced to watch in slow motion, scumbag brain leaving my mouth agape in horror, as the spunkshot of the gods breaks the sound bearier and overshoots the target . my only consolation was that my barely scathed napkin was unharmed in the making of this mess, and was readily available to spit this
last night while i was on the situp machine she walked over and started working out in front of me, probably about 10 feet away. in an effort to try and show off in front of her i kept doing situps, to the point my stomach started to ache. i went to go up for another situp when i unleashed the most audible fart i have ever had in my life, to the point i could hear it over my headphones. she instantly looked over and i started looking for a large rock to climb under.
it was while i was brushing my teeth, too . it was while i was brushing my teeth, too . it was while i was brushing my teeth, too .
i realized then that i punched tony the cat. i am a filthy cat puncher. i should be ex-communicated from reddit. i am so sorry tony.
i was visiting a college in the area as a class field trip. While we were walking we were going to all walk outside the building that we were at. there was two doors with a clear glass window the same size as the two doors in the middle. of course i assumed that it was another door, i smack into it full speed and my entire class sees, it made a loud noise, i was embarrassed, i got a huge lump on my forehead.
i came back from class today a little worn out. due to insomnia (and reddit... grumble grumble grumble) i've always been taught to feel for animals, and to empathize with them and to love them as if they were child-like people . i watched a cute little critter squirm as it got its skin ripped from its body, and then squirm a little more after it was discarded and left to die .
my friend keeps mentioning plot details don't seem to have happened in my book yet .  finally peel the dust cover off in a rage, a week later, and six chapters in . Whoever sold this to me: i hope that $8.54 was worth it, you scumbag .
i had the materials for the multiple choice but not for the essay that sooner came with it . my teacher is one of those people who will chew you out for forgetting your stuff . i ended up having to bs 2 pages worth of multiple choice questions just to have time for to get the materials for an essay i struggled with and probably didn't even do superior on .
\"So you're looking for a dead wife?\"  dude almost started crying. should've checked the envelope first. was covered in bible verses. all my other co-workers had a good chuckle after a fake phone call to rescue me from his rant.
i have shy bladder syndrome, so its difficult for me to pee when there are lots of people around . unfortunately, i let out a rather boisterous fart. instead of laughing, most of the people remained extremely silent . everyone that was in the bathroom was in my class so there was no getting away from them .
i tried to take off my rain pants before heading to work. in doing so, i accidentally pulled my shorts and undies down in the process revealing my bare ass. the director of my program was stepping out of his car, with my pasty ass pointed right at him. to anybody but myself, it would appear i was intentionally dropping trousers to moon my boss as he arrived at work. he abruptly took off allowing me no opportunity to explain or make light of the situation.
i got in a fight with some dude who is way weaker than me and that i hated for a long time. i got so stressed of the approximate 40 friends looking at us so i got really stressed up and he just beat me up without me actually trying to defend myself. i think the main thing i got wrong was showing my fear. my mouth was really dry.
she was infamous for having a couple tattoos and would reveal them if she bent down or rolled up a sleeve . So when we were done with this, she still had like a sheet left and decided to give them out regardless if you got a question right or not . She seemed to misplace them and asked the class \"could somebody help me find my tattoos?\" so me being the smart ass i was, i lifted the back of her shirt, revealing her tramp stamp and yelled \"found them!\"
i woke up at 6:30 in the morning, and fell asleep at 2 am . i was going to just take a nap for a few hours, it was 6:30 in the morning, and i didn't have school until 11:30 am. i set my watch to beep, but i felt that, for sure, i would have woken up. i wake up, and after moving around a bit and unswaddling myself from the blankets, i suddenly notice that it is dark. i start freaking out, trying to make it look like i went to school so i won't get in trouble. i
Navy uniform has a hat (spoken \"cover\") associated with it . Chief prefers that we tuck the brim of the cover into the back of our waistband .
i had been having some stomach pains all day then they went away for a couple hours me and my friend went to a ball game we were walking then some stomach pains then i felt like i had to fart real bad i let it happen then i shit myself i clenched real hard i said to my friend \"dude i just crapped my pants\" he said oh shit we walked home and its a real bad idea to walk home when you shit yourself i took a shower and the rest of the day i prayed for it to not happen again.
we have developed a relationship over the last few weeks and i was planning on asking her out, but today things got weird . So today she was at school and i was texting her durring class and everything was going well, but then durring lunch i decided to go home and get super high . When i was high i called her and she didnt pick up and i caled multiple times and still no awnser so tomorrow how do I make things not so weird?
i hate cooking. the fact that we need to eat to survive is something i view as an inconvenience. it took me six years of living on my own to discover the possibilities, but once i did, i was hooked. i tired of my diet of slow cooked meals and regressed to my old habits of baking things in my toaster oven and putting avocado on them. the pot now sits in my sink, soaking in a bath of dish soap and water.
tifu getting a speeding ticket going 84 in a 70 on my way to school. i messed up by a. not asking the officer at the scene to write my ticket down a. i messed up the amount of work i had been doing so i could set aside car payments and gas money for the winter months on top of that i was saving for a nexus 5 because this current phone i have is mostly broken.
i decided it would be a great idea to cut up an entire brick of cheese and eat it with chips and salsa on Sunday.. worst idea i could have possibly imagined involving cheese... sharp stomach pains, gas, bloating, this is some grade a constipation.
/u/username censored> decides to text my girlfriend about my plans to break up.  hold on to your horses folks because we are in for a bumpy ride. i've talked to him in great depth and he seems like a genuinely fine person.
while doing this, my penis touched the cold glass shower door and i shrieked and slipped in the tub . my neck and my ass are in pain all because i wanted to stick my bellybutton into a shower knob.
i woke up this morning and my phone notified me that ten emails, saying message not delivered. around 9 o'clock i got an email asking \"is this real or spam?\" an email had been sent to not just everyone in my contacts, but to every thread i have ever been part of in the last two years.
i was supposed to take three internships, 4 month each, in labs in the U.S., Australia and scandinavia. i am a top of the class student and got these internships by rank, but one requirement was to get a doctors note that i got all the necessary vaccines and that i got no major infections and so on. the deadline to hand it in was today and i don't have it, which puts my rank automatically to the lowest possible.
when i threw down the screwdriver, i missed the dirt, the handle hit the brick flew back up and hit me in the eye (the handle, not the sharp part) i ended up getting a black eye from it and had to live down the shame of telling the story to my family and friends.
as apparently, one of my socks was stuck inside my pantleg, an as i was working, it slid down to be hanging out by my shoe..
after a tough day at work yesterday, i decided to have a glass of wine while finishing up my final project for the class. one glass turned into 3 and i decided i was done schoolwork for the night. i logged onto the on line class companion to find out whether my last assignment had been graded and found a note from the professor asking why i had not participated in the on line discussion. this is an on campus class but they require that you participate in an on line discussion based on a video of the professor saying pretty much the same thing that was said in class. it is only worth 2% of the grade so
i'm yelling down the hall to my husband that i have to run out and to watch the baby. then i shove my arms up the sleeves and push my head through the hole as hard as i can. except i'm blocked. my nose crunched and started to bleed and i furiously begin to fight my way out of the thing. after kicking our computer chair into our bedroom door my husband finally came to save me from the attack. i bleed every where and he laughs like a little girl.
we're moving house but can't move directly into our new one. everything has to go into storage and friends houses by monday for a time. doing a look round of everything that can fit in my car in the space left was the brushes and mop.
after dinner i put it back on the heat to liquefy it so i could strain it and freeze it, but i forgot about it and filled the apartment with smoke; now it's burned and useless.
i felt like messing around with one of my friends so i grab his water bottle. he starts to *sprint* after me and, i begin to run as well. to lose him, i jump over a table (tables are outside and lined up, like a long rectangular row) he tries to grab my leg but fails. instead he -hits a kid who walks like walt jr. in brba and -knocks over the food of an autistic kid in a wheelchair, getting potatoes in his wheels.
we both hate pep rallies, so we started texting each other random shit . i texted, \"hey he-man you better put your dick away. you could get in trouble\"  turns out his parents regularly check his texts .
last night i decided to make pot brownies. it's my boyfriends birthday party today and i thought pot brownies would be fun for the party. When they were ready i decided to eat some just to see how strong they were. well i ate a big piece cause in my head it seemed like a good idea. It started to kick in while i was making dinner and it fully kicked in by the time i was finished eating dinner.
i'm very helpful and also very annoyed when ignored, which is by far my biggest pet peeve . this middle aged man (ah = asshole) was admiring our fine selection of fashionable footwear . i help two more customers and comment (loudly) that \"some customers are ungrateful and should get off their high horse\"
i'm doing last minute work on the endocrin system for my anatomy and physiology class and i'm not getting far because i'm grossing myself out by browsing the wtf subreddit. i lean over to let a silent fart out. boy was i not expecting the rank cloud that filled my room. i carefully climb over the shit soup and make my way to the bathroom where i give birth to more of the week old poop vacating my colon.
i was half asleep still, and as i shoved my hand back under the duvet after turning off the alarm, i clocked myself right on the dick. it bloody hurt!
last night some friends and i got absolutely wasted. i woke up this morning to find that i missed my first class and had a test in an hour. i remembered that i had 2 36mg concerta that i was saving. thinking that it would help my hangover and help my focus on my test, i took both at 1:30 (i was still somewhat intoxicated). i did pretty bad on the test to say the least, and felt terrible about how i got black out drunk on a school night instead of studying.
i went to the mall today with my friend, her parents, and her three-year-old sister. after a while, the parents asked me if i could watch little sister in the children's play area while they took my friend clothes-shopping. a few hours ago, i was skyping with my friend and told her about my injury. she tried not to laugh, then told me that her sister once gave her a really painful kick in the girl-parts while she was holding her down at the dentist. this led me to wonder, was today's attack an accident, or do we have a
we lived close by, so we started carpooling and basically smoking a lot of pot, which lead to being together a lot of time after work. the other day i was giving him a ride home, and we started talking and laughing and then i decided to throw in the joke \"yes, and i've noticed you're very attracted to me\" so, i started laughing at my own joke until i noticed he was giving me a cold not-funny look,and i stopped. still a block away from his house, he got out of the car and said \"don't mistake friendlyness\", and
i've been lying to my wife for years. She took her ring off days ago, maybe last week. i left her a cute note in the kitchen since she was still asleep when i left. i laid the wedding band on top of the note; stating \"with this ring, i thee wed. i'm carrying the other one with me still, yearning to earn back the right to put it on your finger. love you.\" i fondled it in my pocket a bit on the drive in, and over a cup of coffee. reminding myself how lucky of an asshole i
reading the other guy's crazy story about fucking the fat girl made me think back to the greatest fuck-up of my earlier years . i was always a bit awkward/uncomfortable around \"the ladies\", hadn't had any real contact with the other sex at this point, so maybe i was a bit starved for it . i zone out and watch laurence fishburne shoot scumbag'[s] for a while. it's nearly over, she leans over and is like \"maybe we should leave if we want to get the last train home\"
i am doing my own thing for loss of habitat, and my friend is researching the side that is against global warming . i glance back, and ms. lucifer is approaching fast. She steps behind us, observing our work with her soulless, black, hatred-filled eyes, and asks innocent bystander how his work is coming along . he proceeds to express to her his disbelief at the articles arguing against global warming, saying how \"dumb\", and \"lacking in concrete proof\"
i went to check the lobby doors to make sure they were locked. but to access those doors i have to go through another set of glass doors. everything is fine until i go to check the front doors and turn around to open the door i just came through. aanndddd it's locked. it's never locked. i began pacing and realized i have to call the maintenance guy to come get me out... took him a good 6 minutes to realize what i was telling him. had to sit in that enclosed space for an hour and 45 minutes.
my best friend is home for the first time in four months (she lives two hours away) so we decided to get super high. i get the sensation that I have to pee. Finally i get up to go to the bathroom, walk up the stairs and it happens....the flood gates open and the golden river flows...fuck! Luckily my husband had a pair of pajama pants laying on the sink in the bathroom.
last week, i remembered that my dad's birthday was coming up and decided to be a doll and send him a few of the books on his amazon wishlist. added them to my cart. what i failed to realize is that i still had items sitting in my cart from a few months ago, when i was planning on trying out some new, ahem.....*products*. i have my sign-in information set to my old, alternate email, because i hate getting constant amazon-spam. because of this, i failed to view the delivery receipt, which may have saved me the embarrassment that was to
i woke up one morning with an intense urge to vomit. i start running towards the bathroom and make it four steps before i start vomiting projectile everywhere. i apparently also had diarrhea and the force of of me throwing up also caused me to shit my pants. i make it to the stairs and throw up/shit myself again, but as i am running down steep stairs i slip on my own filth and hit my head on the steps knocking myself out.
during the last semester i did really well, i mean really, really well . in order to celebrate my successs i bought a bottle of vine and some chocolate for myself and just wanted to have a nice evening . unfortunately it turned out that my reaction seemed to be some kind of stabbing motion, and i stabbed right at my left hand that was still holding the bottle .
yesterday was like the *worst* day of my life! so i went to the bar to have a few beers. i was like, i'm getting shitfaced. so i barely remember the walk home.
i was at the train station when i noticed a vending machine had a 2 credit. so i was like yeah a fee drink! i looked around to check nobody was actually using the machine. i didn't see anybody so pressed the button for a bottle of coke. and right when i falls down a lady comes up and checks the machine and was like my bottle of water didn't fall that's weird i put 2 in the machine.
I ate a rotten moldy apple and now my belly hurts really bad . I spit it out and sure as shit, the apple had this green and white mushy crap for a core .
at his funeral, 2 kids were joking around (this may sound inappropriate, but it was appropriate, you'd have to be there) and one of them said \"everyone hates you!\" in a joking manner. i said (oh jesus...), \"careful, we don't want another one!\" both their faces immediately went serious and they walked away. the worst part was i said it rather loudly so everyone around me heard it too, i could feel their stares burning into me.
i went to the loo whilst baking the damn cheescake. but i didn't notice that after i cleaned my arse, it was still dirty and so were my hands.  alas, i touched to fucking chocolate cream cheese.
also i have no cellphone now because earlier in the day i was trying to put it in my pocket while i was riding my bike and wiped out in the bushes. my phone flew out of my hands and disappeared. i looked way too long for it, had other people help me, and still couldn't find it.
i release pounds of molten diarrhea on my friends moped. i thought it was a fart, but this was definitely liquid running down my leg. i left my friend's house without telling him, and now i'm at home feeling like a disgusting freak of nature. who just goes to their friend's house, shits, clogs the toilet, and leaves without saying a word? i clogged the toilet, but i didn't care. point was, the shit was out of my bladder.
i had a nasty shit in a public restroom at some touristy site and thought it was done . that night, the beast returned. he took his vengeance calmed my bowels and made them rain hell upon my own private toilet. still didn\u2019t feel great. woke up the next morning and he was there again . i thought i had exorcised the demon and set off for a hike with girlfriend and mom. the hike was on an out-and-back trail up a big hill . what came out cannot even be described as poop, because that implies something semi-solid and brown .
i went to the hospital to see a young guy that was dying from cancer... it was the first time i was seeing him ill, but i wasn't expecting to see him that bad... so when i entered the room, i was shocked seeing him so thin and ill, that i didn't know what to say... The stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... at least i think he liked me being there...
early this morning (probably 2/3 ish) i had awoken to find myself with my hairbrush covered in toothpaste and lots of pain in my teeth. i brushed my teeth with my hairbrush guys. i had hair in my braces and everything. all of this was done **in my sleep**. Other than that today has gone pretty normal, and my teeth still hurt from what i have done.
i am at work when my bladder sends that little message to my brain to indicate its ready to be emptied. in the head are two urinals with a privacy divider in between. a gentleman is all ready using one, so i pull up in front to the other and start my business. a rather loud audible shaking sound is heard then i felt something on my hand. i look down and realized the guy just shook his snake so damn hard that he slung **at least** one drop of his urine over the privacy barrier.
i meant to go from my grandparents' house in mass to my own house near concord, new hampshire, but apparently i missed an exit somewhere and didn't realize until i saw a big \"welcome to maine!\" sign.
shower isn't the roomiest. i can't go a day without causing mass destruction of shampoo bottles while trying to reach for the body wash.  shaving is usually a bit of a challenge in there. i get halfway through shaving the lower half of my leg when i know exactly what's about to go down: me. i lost my balance, began to slip, and in my pathetic throws of showerhead violation-induced passion, ended up smacking my head into the wall.
woke up next to my boyfriend having slept over at my house.  woke up with morning wetness and by defult not given much thought of it since it's a normal thing to me. we had breakfast with my sister and had a very amusing conversation resulting in plenty of laughter. the sweater i wore made me sweat bullets, it was very warm in the kitchen since my mom frozen the previous day and drawn up the raidiator temprature.
my wife and i both have discovered vine recently and i have been trying to get her to make some adult content for weeks . so i get to work set up my station and text my boss that i am up and running as i do every morning . it was then i remembered my wife's promise, so i shoot her a text \" hey how about you vine me some titties\" i hit send .
i'd been sleeping with my wife's best friend (i'm a dumbshit, i know) and having fun with her for a while. well her and my wife had a falling out, and out of anger she threatened to tell my wife of our affairs. well her and my wife had a falling out, and out of anger she threatened to tell my wife of our affairs.
lock isn't broken but the paperclip is now stuck. two seconds into this maneuver, i realized it was a bad decision, and already too late to fix. goddamnit.
The master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign . The master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign . The master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign .
i was riding the bus home this morning after working a 12-hour night shift without much sleep before work. for some reason the combination of falling asleep and the vibrations from sitting over the rear wheel of the bus commissioned a rigid, throbbing, leaning tower of mushroom meat in my pants. i woke up after a middle aged, southeast asian lady occupied the seat next to me, her legs awkwardly touching mine and her breast rubbing against my arm with every pothole. i considered riding the bus all the way around town until my man steak returned to medium rare, but this was not an option as i had to be home to let
stop adding disclaimers to your posts. it's unnecessary and annoying. just tell me the story. i don't care when it happened.
i look after people's houses while they are away sometimes. this one time i was at this particular house downtown Chicago (river north) i had to drop one badly. every house i go to is usually on the market and usually as empty as it gets so using their master bathroom was as easy as checking to make sure they had adequate tp.
i hate the animation. the colors. everything just sucks. the only thing i like is the new safari browsing. which as my boyfriend pointed out is a rip off of chrome.
i'm on new medications that each severely dehydrate me. During the summer i had no problem downing a bottle of water and peeing every hour or so, but now that school is back in session i'm not able to do that anymore. didn't really take note of the fact that i hadn't pooped on a couple of days, so when i go to the bathroom for my nightly ablutions and feel that familiar urge, i plop myself down, whip out the phone, and get myself settled in for a satisfying poop. about a minute and a half in, i realize that this
multitasking consisted of brushing, watching the daily show and redditing with my laptop. i was about 10 minutes into the brushing when the incident occurred. my bottom lip lost its grip and the contents of my mouth shot straight up, striking my nose and covering the mirror / faucet / wall with the tooth paste, spit and snot. my nose is burning, my throat feels like someone punched it, but at least my left nostril is no longer clogged.
i gave the teacher the warning that there is copious amounts of drug use and a sex scene so don't watch it with your parents. well tomorrow rolls around and when i get to her class she calls me over to her desk with the most horrified look on her face.
i've been talking to this girl for a while. we joke about and whatnot . she considers me a very good friend and she often calls me a 'brother' in the sense that i'm looking out for her . she recently broke up with her boyfriend. this means that she's been flirting with me more than she actually was .
i have an ex girlfriend that lives about an hour from my place of residence (can't really call my frat house \"home\" we've always been pretty cordial, and because there's never really been a fair shot for us to have a healthy, legitimate relationship, there's some feelings that have been dormant on both sides. we make plans to hang out, with a full understanding that sex will be involved barring some extreme circumstance or fuckup. here's where things get fun - we stop dead in our tracks, have a ten minutes discussion on the implications of having sex (where
i'm not one of the good swimmers, but i still go because it's a good way to exercise . my last dive, i didn't tuck my chin down and went face first. however, on my last dive, i didn't tuck my chin down and went face first. The niagara falls of nosebleeds is coming out of my face. awkwardly, i quickly walked (don't run on the deck, children) to my towel and proceeded to bleed all over that.
opened porn on my phone. after many failed attempts at finding right video- get at it! sound not working. as youngest opens door i hear mixed sounds of cartoons and obnoxious porn. i can't really respond to his state of mind as to why he thinks porn sounds like my alarm. speculate to your hearts content.
i had the bright idea to not use the bathroom at work and wait till i got to my aunt's store. all the stores around share one bathroom which is for employees only, but i use it anyways. it's really small, i can actually sit on the toilet and wash my hands on the sink at the same time just to give you an idea. well there i was, sitting on the toilet going colon bowlin' when suddenly i remembered that the plumbing for this toilet is really bad which forces me to flush at least 4 times before the water is clear.
now i look like an idiot. Now i look like an idiot. Now i look like an idiot. Now i look like an idiot. Now i look like an idiot. Now i look like an idiot.
i rent a large room in a house with a roommate, there's an archway in the middle with a curtain turning it into two rooms so we each have our privacy. i fell into the following routine: cat attacks me, i push the cat away and say \"no, fuck off cat!\" over and over and over.  apparently my roommate did not appreciate my swearing at her cat. so after a big freakout in which she told me \"you don't talk to a kitten like that!\" she put up another divider between our rooms.
i've been trying to convince myself that i'm not romantically interested in girl for about a year now . last time i was in town (october) we ended up having sex, after which she drove me to the airport and we said our goodbyes.
i teach english abroad and this had been a topic of conversation in a hostel dorm room for several people . Mary from Germany ranted about how all english teachers do is rape their children, rape their students, rob their host countries, and neglect to learn the culture or language . i was told to stop bullying her, that i denied her the right to lay in her bed, that i couldn't possibly have anything valuable to retort because i'm american .
jacking off in the shower when it shot out. this time, i didn't bother aiming, so it got all over my roommate's soap, shampoo, face wash, and loofah . just looked at his stuff tonight and there's all this red mildew growing on it now.
i've always been pretty terrible at writing and reading in general . the reason i suck at writing analytical essays is because i can't analyze text its that simple . my paper was only 800 words so its basically not even a college paper .
i get off the subway and walk to my car when i notice that someone has parked roughly 6 inches away from the driver's side, blocking me in. \"oh you fucking cockbag!\" i yell at the offending car, exasperated. immediately after that, the owner walks up and hastily opens the door. he had been right behind me as i yelled like a crazy bitch at his empty car. to add insult to injury, he had a damn fsm sticker on his car and may have just been an awesome person who had a shitty day too.
i was gutting my bathroom. just some remodeling. i tore the drywall out and got to the old insulation. i've never had a problem with insulation itching so i went at it bare handed.  gutting took no time at all.
\"trypophobia is the fear of asymmetrical holes (warning: don't google this).\" without hesitation i googled the so called phobia and now my whole body is itching, i can't stop thinking about it!!
when i flushed the toilet it started filling with water but not draining . i grabbed a cup from the counter and started scooping water out of the toilet and into the sink . Once the water stopped flowing and i scooped out enough water so that it wouldn't overflow, i took a bunch of toilet paper to try and clean up the flooded floor .
in english class at cegep (high school) everybody is talking, teacher is drawing on the board, i have this box of chocolate candies filled with bailey's, a friend asked me one, i throw it while watching me he bites in it, his eyes became something like o_o, \"is there alcohol in that???\" he ran to the garbage and make himself puke, again and again, turns out he is muslim and he can't take alcohol. also there was no actual alcohol, just irish cream.
i was browsing reddit when i heard someone walking up to my desk. quickly i opened a new tab and typed a website quickly, hit enter, and tried to look casual. it turned out to be my boss and he looked at my screen and smirked. i looked at the screen and in my horror, i had typed: reddit.com, and my most visited subreddit was /r/leagueoflegends so it went automatically to it. thank god his son plays league and he just walked away.
19 year old man has piece of rubber stuck in his ear . Took 2 seconds for me to come to the conclusion that jabbing my inner ear with a pair of jagged metal prongs in a panic was going to end badly . After about 2 1/2 hours the nurse called my name and i went through to a room that had all sorts of prongs and needle-nose pliers .
english is not the native language in norway, which make communication a bit harder . \"where do the airport bus leave from?\" he asked me. since we are asked this every day, more or less, by both locals and tourists, i know for a fact that the bus to the airport leaves from platform a. i answer to the man, happy to help, \"from platform a!\" he looks confused and i repeat myself by saying: \"a for anders\" which is a common name in norway.
i'm on top of her, her hands on my penis. things start to get warm. it's a chemical reaction of fluids waiting to set off the capsaicin coated on my penis. it's not immediate but holy hell is it a lasting burn.
my school is over a century old private Christian school, now i have a scholarship here because if your mother/father works there you get about 70% off the tuition price . our school has \"sections\" and we have just started accepting boys into the high school area . i was chosen (forced) to find the music for our mass, i decide to choose [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anlzz3rqxos) so when the time came and it plays as the opening song, i saw disgusted looks from the teachers at me, halfway through the
I'm a bit of a slob. i leave my clothes lying around, i'll often leave soda cans and beer bottles at my desk for days before i expend the energy to toss them in the recycling. generally the only time i make my bed is when i first put on a fresh set of sheets. i imagined taking her back to her place after a date and giving her a passionate good-night kiss at her door.
she broke up with me and insulted me on my prepubescent won-ton. she said she was going to tell all her friends and my friends about it all. she said she was going to tell all her friends and my friends about it all. i'm contemplating suicide. what do i do? should i call a suicide hotline or the police?
\"Hey ... everybody poops...it's nothing to be ashamed of... *even jesus pooped.*\" god i hope she is not catholic. \"Yeah ... but jesus didn't talk about his poop!\" right. talk about verbal diarrhea.
i was closing up my department and culling (aka pulling the bad product) took a few bites of some of the rotten part (relevant) on accident but didn't finish it. i try to shut the door quickly but he opens the door back up and sees the evidence in my hand. long story short from there, he had seen me because he can access the store cameras from his phone. i'm now suspended for idk how long. this is my first \"incident\" at the store so that \"should\" be all that happens but i could lose my job over this.
i usually keep my head shaved or closely cut, but i have been lazy over the last few months and didn't bother shaving . As summer has been approaching i have really been meaning to... so last night it seems after i returned home from post kickball game beers, i plugged in the razor and gave my head a much needed quick haircut . Since i overslept i was rushed for time and needing to get to work as i had a managers meeting with our regional gm and there were several things i needed to get off my chest . but then i discovered my horribly botched head with patches
today me and my friend were looking at old pictures on finder and then a dick pic showed up... my friend proceeded to laugh his ass off and now he thinks i'm gay...
i was working on a high school sports story about a notable team of cross country girls. i was talking to the coach, and he was speaking about one of the girls in particular who is a star athlete, the second fastest in our state. hearing this, i commented that she sounds like an incredibly well-developed girl. the conversation halted, and he went silent.
i recently bought a brutus bulldog self defense weapon to add to my key bundle . While doing so my huge set of keys flew off the belt into the flushing toilet . i literally froze for a good minute in hopes to wake up from a dream .
we had stopped at a petrol station about 10 kms back, but i chose not to go because of the appalling state of all of the rest rooms. what i had done at this particular stop was buy a whole bunch of snacks for the road, and subsequently eaten them all. so at this point we (my parents, sister and i) are driving down a corrugated gravel road in a crappy crv when it happened. the car hit a particularly large bump and it surprised me enough to make me poop a little. this small piece of poop was apparently acting as a plug to stop what i can only describe as a
i am a fire spinner (using a fire staff) and fire breather. i went to a friend's party and decided to do my thing on the roof, where the people who wanted to chill out from all the dancing and drinking going on downstairs went. it went excellently well - i was really in the zone. i had even breathed fire successfully earlier, but i tried something new without practicing: kneeling down and breathing upwards, rathern at an angle. the result: a drop of kerosene fell onto my beard, and another on my shirt, and i spent five seconds with half my face on fire.
i guess i was on autopilot... \"hey, time to take my medicine\"... containers look absolutely nothing alike... and didn't really figure out my mistake till i was wide awake at midnight and my bc pill was still in its packet.
\"do not post... comments\" \"can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar\" \"do not post... comments\"
i found this girl extremely attractive and really wanted to make a good impression on her since this was one of the first times i had spent extended time with her . well we all started drinking saturday night and i had a bit too much. when i say a bit too much i'm talking like 12-16 shots of 70-100 proof liquor in the span of 3-4 hours. now we aren't talking anymore (no surprise there), and i don't know if i'll be able to fix the relationship .
i just got a new 51\" active 3d tv. the first thing i watched as avatar. it was so amazing i wondered what porn would be like. Since i didn't to touch a new remote and put dick germs onto it, i elbowed the off button and went to shower and off to bed. the next day, my family came over, the first thing the cousins and parents went to do was check the tv out.  behold, this fucking tv has auto resume. turning on the tv bring you back to the last file played and where you left off.
i tripped over a laundry basket and hit my head on the side of the door frame . the next day i got 9 stitches in my forehead . i remember seeing red, passing out, waking up, and looking in my mirror and seeing skull .
i had forgotten that they are very sensitive about their weight. if i'm not alive tomorrow the mightiest among you gets my empire reddit account.
because i am a cat lady, i saw the \"unpublished penthouse pets\" link on vice and thought, naturally, that i was about to see a gallery of urban kitties and pups amongst fancy furnishings. Instead, there were boobs and vaginas. normally not a problem, but today three of my teammates were walking by and saw the nudies.
out of the corner of me i see a fucking mosquito that has probably been the one pissing me off at night so i had a rush of adrenaline. after a few attempts to clap it between my hands with little success, i wait for it to land on the wall. so, it lands on the wall and i slam it as hard as i can and for some reason i yelled, \"welcome to America, bitch!\" well, i forgot that an international student from china lives in the room next to me and the wall i slammed is the one between our rooms.
i forgot he thinks he's a fierce lion when he's outside. he clamped on a few times and kicked me very hard, gashing my palm and puncturing a few spots up my arm. i cleaned it up really well, but today i noticed it was very inflamed, achey, and i squeezed it and it oozed pus. i researched cat bites, and of course was nearly convinced my arm was gonna get gangrene. so i went to the doctor, got a tetanus shot and antibiotics.
taking a late-day nap. not very typical of me but i was tired. Girlfriend is already asleep since she works 3am-11am, put kids down for a nap as well. i lay down, thing are good. i pass out.
i threw my deck box in the bag, which i hadn't thought of actually wearing, instead of having it hang precariously. about halfway home, my deck box decided to lodge itself between the shock and the wheel of my front tire, locking up the front wheel. i was thrown over the handlebars, and i sprained my wrist a bit. the box was stuck in there good, so i couldn't get it out in my injured state.
my friend got engaged 3 months ago . He and his fiance started making me feel like an outsider in or apartment .  today my roommate texted me saying we need to talk about things . He yelled at me accused me of trying to make our other friends hate him .
My newlywed sister and husband are staying at our parents' house for the week. they just got here a day ago and since her and my brother moved out, my room is the only one that isn't used for storage .  anyways, it was last night when we all went to bed and i was a little drunk off wine so i felt like looking at some porn . well.....my computer was in my room. i knew this, but i also know that the monitors were off. i also knew that my tablet by default will turn off the computer sound and route the sound through my tablet.
i was advised by one of the other runners to never drink milk the day of a meet. well i really didn't believe him and today comes around now me wanting to test it out decided to drink a shit ton of milk today. well the porta-potty was just plain up disgusting, it smelled like it hasn't been cleaned in years.
i'm not into having to lose the cops while on a bicycle. i didn't know what i was doing, just that after the transaction a uniform showed up with a radio, and then the lookout guy kept yelling the \"po-po\" was coming round to pull up on me.
i saw an old lady, wearing a nice red coat appearing to become agitated at how long it was taking . She quickly asks the staff for a pensioner ticket. she says she can only serve one person at a time . my ticket comes through and i'm already feeling bad at this point since the train's doors are still open . only if i hadn't used my card and paid cash the last night have been able to make it .
now my pillow is wet and i'm hungry for chicken wings.  edit: at least i didn't shit my pants like the rest of yous.
one month passed mom is coming home with and i got a big surprise. my mom is a guy that lives as a woman, dresses as a woman.
i've been home alone for 2 hours. no one is in the house except for me. i start to feel hungry and because i can't cook food for sh**, i do the next best thing... order pizza. after literally 45 minutes of deciding, i order a papa john's pizza for $10 including shipping.
i must have ate something that did not agree with my stomach. i shot up with a feeling of incredible agony in my lower stomach, like someone had punched through and was squeezing my intestines in a vicelike death grip. i couldn't hold it, and a great slosh of vile, repulsing, cringeworthy warmth sloshed down my leg. i rushed to the bathroom, and hung my head as i bathed in the shamefulness of the situation. i finished after what seemed like eternity, as you can never be sure that its over when you have the squirts.
i got what i thought was an ingrown hair right on my gooch. Recently it started to hurt more and more and sex with my boyfriend kept making it worse. Recently it started to hurt more and more and sex with my boyfriend kept making it worse.
i forgot to return a dvd to redbox for a month and now i have to pay $30 for a dvd i only watched half of. i'm in the supermarket after returning it, and i forgot to grab my bag with my soda, deodorant, and snacks totaling about $30 in it. this comes 2 days after i clicked the wrong button on amazon and bought the 2 day shipping option for an item that cost $5, which wasted another $10.
my students left my class feeling confused and angry with me . a couple of them walked out on me mid explanation in a demonstrating manner before the class was over and i heard snickers behind my back . how can i make things right with them?
raisins that were rehydrated with liquid shit .  raisins squirted out and onto the changing table . too bad my wife was the one that actually fed her the raisins. i would like to thank poop raisins everywhere, i hope one day your dream of becoming shit grapes is realized .
how do i get melted plastic off a glass toaster oven door? i open the toaster door and suddenly realized my fatal mistake. the sandwich bag was under the door.
i was craving a nice snack, so i decided to make chocolate chip cookies . the dough was coming out a little funny but i couldn't think why . after a quick runthrough of the kitchen, i found that i had just enough ingredients to make a half batch of rice krispy treats .
i was in an improv class playing the part of a soldier, and when asked where i was stationed i replied 'al jazeera'. which is a television network.
\"i live in that *slave house*.\" *shit.* but to be honest, that \"slave house\" is still bigger than my house...
i've been heading up the field work so i've been keeping the keys on me. showed up for a field visit this morning with my boss and a senior engineer, no keys. last time i used them was 12/21, not a clue what i did with them after. Spent the day scouring my apartment, office, and car; no joy. client is extremely security conscious and it would reflect very poorly on the company to report the set missing.
my shift at work was coming to an end and i headed over to the work restroom to wash up and empty the ol' bladder before leaving. i proceed to wash my hands first(were sticky from eating an apple), but then i sniff something horrid. i loudly exclaim, \"what is that fucking smell!\" i then bent down to look under the stalls and notice at the end my boss's shiny black shoes.
my friend and i were hanging out in his living room drinking loads of beer and eating chips and salsa like starving madmen.  after a couple hours of drinking beers, he runs into his pantry and pulls out a bottle of honey jack daniels. having never had it before, i happily obliged. it tasted so good i couldn\u2019t get enough of it! i was taking double shot after double shot. before i knew it, it hit me like a ton of bricks. i fell on the floor, my friend dragged me to the couch, he put a blanket on me, and i passed out.
i was thinking that this might be a scam, because it was too good to be true . i have a bit of social anxiety disorder, so when i am confronted with a weird social situation, my iq drops by 30% . i did the calculations and factoring in the shipping and ebay fee, if i can sell each of them for $96, then i have lost nothing .
i gave one of my best guy friends the impression that a girl he's into has mutual feelings about him...when i don't actually know if this is true. i was just trying to give him the confidence to make a move when he usually psychs himself out before he can even say \"hey\" to a girl he probably has a good shot with!
i was blasting my music and go through the green light at a blind intersection. cars stopped from all directions. go through only to see an ambulance speeding towards me. i gun it only to plow into a snowbank.
after trying to light the pilot per the instructions on the unit with no luck, i decided that it might be dust causing low gas flow . i took out a can of compressed air used for cleaning electronics and blew out much of the dust in the burner area . i now have first degree burns on my right hand and forearm all the way up to the elbow, plus my eyelids are slightly burnt .
i was watching the tv and thought 'that screen really needs a clean'  walked into town bought a new one and came home, cleaned the screen and it was still misty when i sat down. then the truth hit me, it was my glasses.
i hadn't seen him in a year and a half. it ended badly . It is on top of getting in a massive fight with my (new) best friend and getting fired, on valentine's day. can't get a job, haven't spoken to best friend. in another month i won't be able to pay my bills, gonna lose my car and my beautiful credit score. fuck.
\"i'm 28 and i just moved back to my hometown after quitting my job and moving to a bigger city months ago\" \"my mom came to visit me earlier this week, with the express purpose of riding with me on my return journey\" \"there was more cum in my bed than in all 3Kardashians last night\"
she was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. She was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased
i made a cheesy casserole the day before thanksgiving . The next day everyone who ate my cheesy mess ended up in the doctors office with explosive asses . i'm now banned from the thanksgiving pot .
my bowels have never been so forceful in my life. my bowels have never been so forceful in my life. my bowels have never been so forceful in my life.
A black widow spider crawls out of the wooden table in the backyard . The spider is the size of a quarter and carries an egg sack . A neighbor smashes the spider out of the table .
every year when spring rolls around, i bring my pomeranian, gretzky, to the groomers to get his fuzzy winter coat buzzed off.  having recently acquired a \"pet grooming kit\" i thought i would do it myself, and give him a mohawk while i was at it. sadly, dog grooming does not appear to be one of my natural talents.
when i had completed my final i walked outside to find that my back tire had popped. about halfway through my walk home . it began to rain.
i missed call and got given a number to call about a potential position . the first result was a fetish hook-up site . i would never mention it due to common decency but now i'm scared to call back in case it's a backroom couch scenario .
in religion studies (a compulsory subject at my school) some idiot was supposedly having a spasm and said he was having an orgasm, not knowing the difference. So i was on my commute home from school talking to my girlfriend about how school was (we're in different grades) and i started telling her what happened in religion. i tell her about the horrible mistake the kid made and it ended up turning into a mistake of my own. my sister was there too, and it was all she was talking about to me on the 100m walk from the bus stop home.
i hadn't eaten since 9 am central time, it was now 6 pm mountain time . trying to counteract said pizza with the healthy choice of cantaloupe melon and not properly reading the label . the addition of this bad cantaloupe added a new level to the gurgles, levels i had never felt before in my entire life . apparently busting a gut inside the car caused my mother and sister to vomit as well, i will be trying to clean off my luggage for the rest of the night .
when a soap says \"electrify,\" it means fucking business . water would not sooth it, covering it would not sooth it, and a handfull of face scrub would not sooth it . my five minute in-and-out shower easily became a ten minute sit-there-holding-dick-and-balls-as-if-they-will-fall-off shower .
i got the parts after work today with the intent to assemble them some time in the next few days, or over the weekend at least. So i have the electrode and the wires hooked up, and for some reason i can't get it to spark. so i'm sitting there, clicking away at the button, messing with the gap in the wires, etc.
I was gluing my phone back together, managed to get superglue all over the side of my finger(s) and they started to sick together . I decided to lick my finger to try stop them sticking together, next thing i know, my tongue is stuck to my top front two teeth . I finally got it unstuck and now have a filthy taste in my mouth and picking off superglue which is stuck between my front teeth and tongue .
as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen & i am scarred for life . as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen & i am scarred for life .
i bought my first bottle of wine since finishing college and wanted to upgrade from my usual boxed variety or beer . unfortunately, i have never used a corkscrew and only managed to remove the cork half-way . instead of re-trying the corkscrew, i decided to try to pry out the cork using a knitting-needle . When i filled my glass, however, the glow of my success faded: the wine was filled with particles of cork .
not really my fuck up. two, friends one today and one a month ago have uploaded passport information to facebook. no doubt i'm about to visit down vote hell because its not my fuck up.
i went to the school and the cop/principal talked to me. they said that a total of 15 cars were hit. also the driver was close to being beaten to death by a mob of rednecks. the total *damage* is unknown but one person sent in an estimate 0f $2500 and there were *tons more reports just from last night* according to the cop. i could be facing 12 months in juvy/jail since i'm 17 on top of the expensies. also checked facebook and it is a shit storm.
my roommate is a super nice guy whom i didn't know until this summer . i was gardening with a good friend of mine, and we started talking . my friend commented that no other two workers at the camp would have been as productive as us . i feel like a complete asshole for this situation and would honestly deserve it if everyone found out .
i bought a vaio e series back in March that was suppose to come with imagination studio programs . i came to find that it in fact does not have these programs . 1 (800) 457-2740 number for tech support on your pc!
\"i'm not a smart person. after a great day at the mall with my sister, we decided to end our trip with some 25 cent candy\" \"i spent my last quarter on this candy, i'm going to finish it! with mouth-firing fury\" \"i've got a sore in my mouth and a broken spirit towards the candy i love\"
i was choking the old butter churner to some videos of ill-repute, and right as i reached the point of no return something i needed to do for work popped into my head. it was hands down the worst orgasm i've ever had, and i probably won't sleep for days.
i was bored with reading and started feeding the squirrels, tempting them with food in my hand to see how close I could get to them . for some reason i decided that it might be fun to see if I could actually pet one. the video link below shows the outcome...marked nsfw due to language.
my roommate is a horrible germophobe and they walked in on me stark naked in the living room on the couch . They had me clean the couch and now i'm lying in my room feeling the most horrible i can possibly feel posting to reddit .
i took about 8 cups of black pepper to the face. i washed my eyes out for a good hour. theyre swollen but it's better than it was. it's in my nose and my throat too and they feel like theyre on fire.
i'm mindlessly picking bugs out of cups and putting them into other cups when i come across this one insect that is holding onto this leaf strangely tight . after 30 seconds or so of trying to gently pick this insect off with my tweezers i get frustrated and give it a good hard pull . well it came off allright, with it's dick still attached to the female and no longer attached to it's body .
my index finger has a couple blisters on it but my middle/ring fingers are the worst . Keep in mind that these are not blisters that have popped - i actually burned two hole in my fingers .
i went to 7elven to get smokes and an ice coffee, no big deal. except i was kinda high which made me paranoid and kinda clumsy. So i'm standing at the ice coffee machine beside a guy and his maybe 12 year old son while they get big gulps.
i was in my parents garage attempting to get my golf clubs from the attic . i realized \"shit i'm still not gonna make it up there\" as i jumped the ladder tipped over and needless to say i didn't make it, i fell onto the hood of my parents car then crashed into the concrete .
i woke up, made myself bacon and eggs on a bagel, and called up a buddy to chill. we decided we wanted to go rock climbing, so i grabbed my gear and made my way to pick him up. Pulled over for speeding, turns out the cop's radar gun was wonky. Bird flew into my windshield, scaring the shit out of me, almost causing me to drive myself into a ditch(jumping made me jerk the wheel) but i made it to his house. We skipped the beach and just drove to his house.
had to order business cards within a short amount of time for a presentation in one of my classes. got here at 8am and i open the box. looks good. get here at 8am and i open the box. looks good. get here at 8am and i open the box. looks good.  realised, two hours later, that there's an error in my website's URL and now i have 100 useless business cards that cost a lot of money.
My greatest fear is trying to find the bathroom in a friends house in the middle of the night, but at the time i was to scared to so i decided to piss right there in the shorts he gave me . Luckily i maned(?) up and fixed it by (while peeing) i put on my jeans and went to the bathroom. threw the shorts in the bathroom trash can and set out to his room to lay back down and hope it all goes smooth in the morning. it did and we had eggs.
when i got out i found about 3 inches of bubbles covering the floors . i didn't realize how hard it would be to clean up all these stupid bubbles .
I am a straight girl, who is also a very outspoken feminist. my mom surprised me by visiting me at college. earlier in the day i had been watching porn on my computer and i, for some reason, get really turned on by lesbian porn and porn where women are being forced to be submissive to men. i had a class and left my mom home with my computer and she saw the open pages of what i had been looking at. she now wants to know what happened to make me watch such things and thinks that i was sexually assaulted and should go to therapy.
i decided to walk to the other side of my neighborhood. no problem, but today i felt adventurous and decided to walk all way to the other side of my neighborhood. no problem, i've done it thousands of times. just not with a full bladder. i contemplated just pissing in my pants but i was wearing denim, which would show everything. so i just kept hauling ass, and praying i make it. this goes on a long time, feels like an eternity. i manage to get stuck behind a guy with bowl legs, a caravan of high school kids, a wheelchair, and just slow as
i had just started a new job and my sister and i had some of our friends in town . they had a beer and two tequila shots waiting for me, so i could get on their level once i got there . the next thing i remember is blacking in, in a hospital, with a sore ankle, peeing and missing the bed pan .
i was plowing my lady as she was becoming very, *very* pleased. we we're going at it with the libido of greek gods when something went horribly, horribly wrong. while being on the edge and making *rough* love to my dame, my 8'' phallic slipped outside of her tunnel . during that split-second i hear an ear-piercing scream that scares me so much that i drop everything and totally freeze. before i even realize what horrible atrocity i have committed i notice tears from my beloveds eyes.
cop said kids might walk by and see us, and we could become sex offenders. the cop seemed salty as hell and i think that's why he gave us tickets, me and my s.o. both had clean records up until this point.
in 2009, i got a temp job for a year taking care of the computer systems in the library in a large university . Deep freeze essentially is a software that every time you reboot the computer, it erases everything that is not part of the setup . So my job was to maintain 54 workstations in the library, all of them needed routine maintenance, thaw, update, freeze . But the way it was setup required me to go to every machine, thaw them, install updates, reboot, freeze. so in the end, i was working on 3 computers at a time, and would take a few hours
my grandfather passed away a year ago, leaving a car behind. the deal was then that provided i would drive my little sister to and from school every day, i could use the car untill i moved out of the house. i was 18 at the time and had just gotten my driver licence, so this was a sweet deal. i have now moved away, so the time came to give back the car.
i realized that i was behind on all the you tube channels i watch and that i had to get up to date with them. i was going to ask her out tommorow i guess this has set me back a while.
i had just come home from the gym, said a quick 'hi', and hopped in the shower. i had met these friends before, and they were alright, but not worth my time when i could be playing some borderlands 2, high. i planned i would simply chat with all them for a quick few minutes after showering and smoking (it had to be right then, because the post-gym blaze is just amazing)
i started feeling irritation on my testicles, so whats a guys natural reaction when his nuts itch? and this was no normal scratch, no, it felt great. until this (wednesday) morning i got up, went to adjust my scrotum, and immediatly felt one of the worst pains ive ever felt. the inflamed skin on my sack cracked, (guess i had been scratching in my sleep) sending a lightning bolt of pain, and i fell on the ground and yelled (noones home at 9am). upon closer inspection the rash was on my balls, penis, butt
i'm good friends with my ex's brother. we hang out a lot and play guitar. he's a cool guy. now, his friend tried to kill herself yesterday. i give this whole speech about how she's gonna make it and everything. he cheers up. he gets the news! she made it! i was attempting to play *nirvana - smells like teen spirit* and failing.) and as he takes out his acoustic, i turn to him and say this. \"oh by the way, i told you she'd make it, motherfucker!\" we laugh, we
The pan was too shallow. grease spilled over, house filled with smoke. Yay, cooking skills! The pan was too shallow. grease spilled over, house filled with smoke.
my inner child came out and for some reason my brain decided it would be more fun to turn the light off and frisbee this glow in the dark condom across the room than do the beast with two backs .
so, i'm having a few friends over and one of them checks at my browser history and looks at all my fucked up searches and porn views. some of them are really bad. fuck.
I am 17 and work as a barman, therefore i am usually off work late, we are talking 1 or 2am, so last night (friday night) i was working and as a barman you see the people you know getting wasted . This resulted in me crashing the fuck out, until the morning, upon which i was welcomed with 20 texts from my parent freaking the fuck out . My school work has started to suffer, probably as a result of spending my time posting this fucking information on reddit .
due to poor planning i ended up in a history class that focuses on women . as you would expect the teacher is a hard core feminist, and i am one of like three guys in the entire class . The teacher let\u2019s call her ms. s is always complaining how men ruin everything in history; how hernn cort\u00e9s was an awful person because he was a guy . the entire semester my teacher talks about how all guys in history want to do is have sex and that is the motives all guys have .
i recently switched departments and when asked about my old department, i answered honestly about how poorly I was treated . i was the only one in the office working late and the ceo pulled me aside and asked me hard questions about it . She treated me like shit and said so many illegal things that hr had to write her up for it .
i have lost 60 pounds this year, and i take progress pics naked.  today after the gym, i remembered i had been working my back for about a month now, and decided i should compare my back from a month ago to current. this includes my whole backside. now, i usually store my photos like that in a locked photo app, but i was in a rush to get to work, so i completely forgot about that, and the photos were left in my camera roll. well, fast forward about 5 hours. i'm at work, and my male friend comes by to see me (
i was on a plane from heathrow to frankfurt. a crying, screaming infant looked over and puked on me. i muttered \"oh fuck you.\" the woman's jaw dropped. the woman moved me to a middle seat between two big fat people.
i tried to roll down my crank window, and it goes down pretty rough, but i get it down and go through the motions of getting my food . i'm then starting to roll the window up when it gets stuck, so i figure just push it a little hard? well boom the whole fucking thing shatters while i'm driving down the road.
i usually just plug everything but the dilaudid I got a bunch of wasn't doing a damn thing swallowed, plugged, or snorted . i actually out of nowhere decided to go to a needle exchange, pick up all the gear, and stab myself a bunch of times before finally finding a vein .
i literally told my mom that i need to was my hand before i shower or go to the bathroom so i don't burn my willy. welp, guess who forgot to do that!
she starts giving shorter answers, and the way she was texting i could tell something was wrong . i eventually said \"it's obvious that something is wrong, why don't you tell me?\" this just made me upset because i care about her and want to know what's wrong .
i've done this before - when it's just pouring rain, really drenching you, there's a terrible pleasure in just taking a leak . my ass just opened with foul, black, post-drinking soft-serve shit. i remove the bike seat and start shaking it around in the water to make sure it's safe, only for it to slip out of my hand and sink after floating several feet .
i'm visiting my grandparents and uncle today for a sort of nice family get-together. they live downtown in a fairly small appartment; about 3 rooms, a kitchen, and a bathroom. the problem is, i had eaten two entire buckets of extremely spicey buffalo wild wings, and had to drop a massive care package about an hour into the visit.
i was a college freshman at the time, and was leaving a marching band rehearsal when my car broke down. i managed to limp it to a gas station where i used a payphone to call for a ride (this was back in the dark ages, when not many people carried cell phones, and cell phones looked like today's cordless home phones. guess that dates me...). while i was waiting, i sat down on the curb and lit a cigarette. as i was finishing up, i noticed a pair of extremely attractive coeds jogging past. being a typical 18-year-old mess of hormones and per
tl'dr had a threesome with my best friend and a girl with a boyfriend . She was completely sober (apart from being high) same with my best friend. she also has a boyfriend.
This isn't a long story, but it still qualifies as a certifiable fuck up in my opinion. i lay down in my bed after stretching for around five minutes.  suddenly i just felt a terrible urge to throw up. i ran as fast as i could to the toilet and vomited three times.
backing up out of friends lot didnt see this big ass tre. hit it on my brake light not much damage i get out of my car and fucking wasps are all over my got stung like 7 times. not a good experience.
i am a very athletically built man, 6'3\" and 220 lbs. Motherfucken' launched the diving board out of the ground and into the pool . i look at the kid i am babysitting and all he can muster to say through his tears is, \"it's your fault! your too fat and you broke it!\"
eejit is a back-of-house worker at one of the world's most popular pizza restaurants . A co-worker leaves a spray bottle on the trolley, and knocks the fuckin' thing off the trolley, on to the middle-rack of the 400c/752f oven . Nobody notices, of course, and it rolls along the conveyor belt straight into the oven . The following day johnny (who jumped into action with the gas-stop button) re-enacted it to other colleagues... and hit the fuckin' button again .
I was going to fly to Amsterdam for friends birthday . I forgot to change their names on the flight tickets . Im \u00a3140 out of pocket and the flights only cost \u00a350 .
gmail has been autopopulating the field when i email the work in and **both show up as [slyvian...edu]** god damn it.  assignment 2 and 6 never made it. son of a bitch.
yesterday i was going to bed and i could not sleep, so i let my mind fantasize a little and then i was on the business. as i was there, i realize that i did not have something to clean my ejection so i remembered that i had a torn handkerchief on the closet. after the release, i throw the torn handkerchief on the trashcan of the bathroom. today at the morning, i was on my computer when i heard: \u201cmom, why is there a handkerchief on the trash can?\u201d it was my brother.
77 recipients received this email that i signed off with \"retards\" instead of \"regards\" anyone who happened to read that email will now have a face to put to it.
One of my friends said we should go to the bar across the street to try to bring some girls back . One of my smartass friends thinks hes some kind of fucking photographer and snaps the most passionate picture possible of me and this xl on the couch . that friend that snapped the \"pic\" had 100 t-shirts, 250 posters, and a coffee mug, with a blown up pic of me bumping uglies with rotundra, and is now selling them to all my friends for 5 bucks a pop .
\"who the fuck is titler?\"'s dad had been some freedom fighter in ww2 and was really offended .  upper management guy was worried that i was a neo-nazi or something like that . my co-workers is now calling me titler and is joking how i \"burn\" off when they call for help .
i was staying with my family in whistler a few years ago when i found this thing . It looked like a goldish metallic cylinder, like, y'know, a pen. i clicked the little black lever thing a few times, played around with it, couldn't figure out what it was. then i find these things that look like party poppers, which i now know to be flare cartridges, screwed one in the end, because if you've got one thing with a thread on and another that looks like it fits, what the hell are you gonna do, stick them together right?
my dad is ultra conservative, pretty religious, and never been the type i can talk to about sex or anything . i sent it to him 20 minutes ago, he hasn't replied .
In one of my classes, (community college) we had a take home exam, and i swear that in the email that had the questions and in class my professor said it was due at 2:30 (or anytime from 2:30 to 3:45) i get to class at 3, after doing some double checking of my answers, only to find that my professor's door was not only closed & locked, but had the light off.
i thought my parents left of the evening, so i took off my pants and singing some tunes. well, i got a little hungry so i walked out of my room, into the kitchen, with no pants on, singing sexxx dreams at the top of my lungs.
My friends and i who used to play video games together in high school wanted to stay in touch . Theres like 18 of us, and we all have the same stupid and weird sense of humor . When we aren't posting stupid shit like that one weird gif of the computer animated boner or other shit like that, we post links to fake dog porn sites in the comments .
i lost a bet with my friends and i had to consume 10 bars of fibre 1 bars which consisted of over 250% daily recommended intake of fibre in one sitting. i cannot stop leaking poo and i am constantly farting the most boisterous and vile farts i have ever heard.
my friend invited me over for Valentines dinner, because she and i both have long distance relationships . Her older brother was going to be throwing a house party that night with his girlfriend . an hour later, shit got crazy. there's loud music blasting (they live in the middle of the country, hardly any neighbors) my parents got called, she's grounded for a month, and her brother has to pay for all of the damages done to the house .
i asked her out a few days ago and she tried to very carefully say no because she knew me for a long time . Now i have to pretend to be her friend and spend time with her every day until she leaves as a friend and found out one of the reasons that she turned me down was because she liked another guy . i feel like it's my fault because i knew this was going to happen and was working myself the fuck up when she responded and i was crushed, and also feel like it's my fault that i haven't manned the fuck up a long time ago or
my gum had run out of flavor during class so i needed to dispose of it. i exited class and rounded the corner, where i know there is usually a trashcan. i wasn't really paying attention and just tossed it at something that looked like a trashcan out of my peripheral. i turned around and realized it was actually just a girl sitting on a bench with her laptop.
she freaks out, jumps up, grabs her phone and basically says \"that's not what i want out of this\" now i've moved thousands of miles away and i don't know if i'll ever see her again. i've sent her a few texts, but all she replies back with are your standard fare \"okays,\" and \"i sees\"
well you see, its his first time, and he rarely watches porn, like maybe once or twice a month . He lines up to where he *thinks* her vaginal hole is, and thrusts as hard as he can . All you could hear was, in his words, \" a loud snapping sound, the sound of all of my pride dying, then a blood-curdling scream\"
the game started innocently enough posting stick it notes on people's back that said things like \"i'm dumb\" or \"i have a penis\" i picked the girl at work whose mother had died just 4 months before she came to work there. in my defense, i didn't know that, but i still feel absolutely terrible and she left crying.
\"wanna get qdoba? i'd kiss you...not on the lips, but...\" \"i already ate.\" she seems slightly disappointed, and the rest of the bus ride was relatively silent. who in their right mind turns down that kind of deal???
a friend of mine messaged me on facebook, telling me why she didn't make it to rehearsals today. her friend had been killed by a drunk driver yesterday. she was engaged to her boyfriend and she was killed the night before valentines day. my friend had been ordering flowers for the family and crying all day.
my roommate's out of town for the week so what could it hurt, right? wrong. i just won't be able to look him in the eye when he gets back. and i know he's gonna see 'i've seen that dang honker of yours' written across my face from a mile away.
i offered to hook up my laptop so that everyone could watch a movie . The vice principal walked in and jumped the immediate conclusion that it was a porno and immediately took my computer . Luckily the principal was who we expland to (it's. a small school so the principal knows everyone and is very understanding) but the vp nearly got him fired and suspended me on the spot .
Well it was a few years ago but i just remembered it when i blew into a straw again while opening mcdonalds with one hand . i had ripped off a straw end and blew into it toward my friend in front of me, it went over him and smacked this older man in the face from the seat ahead of me . He went on for 10 minutes about manners and told the manager. i was thrown out. The next day a challenger with black stripes pulls up and some people gather around, the guy had insulted me in front of my family and friends. walked right in, family laughing, he
i apologized to her today. she's not too angry anymore. the incident happened so quickly that there were not any photos or videos taken. she doesn't stay mad for too long, and this isn't the *worst* thing I had done to her, so i think everything is going to be fine.
i was waxing my legs with my husband in the room when i came up the idea of trying the wax on him for fun. he hesitated at first but caved in. when settled, i quickly ripped off the wax strip.
i've told my dad and best friend so far and they both think this is a joke and are telling me to quit since i don't like working there anyway. my friend is one of the secretaries in that office and her desk is a bit out in the open. last night - the door to the office area was open because it was being cleaned by a custodian so i put 2 and 2 together and came up with my little prank, and saran wrapped her chair.
laura and roger had been 'going to town' in her small car... on the seat... i was now sat in . laura then decided to go in to great detail about how her and roger where doing it so hard that the seat got covered in all sorts of human baby making love juices . i could feel rogers white super solider swimming across my face. now i am here... staring blankly in to my monitor after sitting in the shower for an hour and half. i feel violated... dirty almost.
roommate buys hammock stand thing. sets up in driveway for some reason. Roomie set up hammock strung too tightly; created whirling dervish death trap. Dog still very concerned. laying in bed with frozen corn on ass bone and bottle of aspirin next to me.
so today i'm wearing relatively tight jeans and i'm going upstairs at my school. being tall, i decide to take the stairs 3 at a time, and they're big stairs. unfortunately, i didn't consider the possibility that my balls might be big enough and my jeans tight enough that my jeans might squish my balls mid-stride.
after i stood up and pulled up my underwear, the bengay on my legs was squeegeed on to my penis and testicles by the underwear .  jumping in the shower to wash it off made it worse .
facepalm. What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on iReport.com . Have a personal essay to share with the world? Submit at iReport.com .
sometimes i use a ring to keep my situation rigid while i'm enjoying some alone time. i guess i left it on too long today, because now there's this big swollen bit that's really uncomfortable.
i tell him to finish in my mouth because i still had a shirt on. at one point he looks down and exclaims \"oh *god* and scrambles to grab some paper towels and starts simultaneously wiping off my face and his penis. there is blood, and it is everywhere. i was immediately filled with the urge to cry and vomit in no particular order but instead he decided he would just finish up in hole b.
Good samaritan who pulled over to *help* just called the police instead of helping lift the bike from the gully . Ended up losing my license for a while after that one after the *good samaritan* who pulled over to *help* just called the police instead of helping lift the bike from the gully .
i hit a bump in the road and lost control of my bike. I fell and hit the bumper of a parked car with my front wheel and then also my chin. i must say the split second before i realized my chin is going to connect with the body of the car felt quite surreal.
i had a nice seafood dinner this evening consisting of crab, scallops, and shrimp. everything seemed fine when i finished eating (my stomach grumbled a bit, but it's to be expected since i don't eat seafood very often) a few hours go by and i'm sitting at my computer watching some netflix and enjoying a snack when i feel my stomach start to grumble. i need to relieve some gas, so i do the ol' sideways lean while pondering how bad this will smell. we all know seafood tends to lead to some unique odours so midway through the lean i think \"maybe i should head
i threw a bag into the dumpster today and it got caught on the edge so it was half in and half out at the end of the bin . as i reached for the bag, my foot slipped off the side of the bin and with a loud \"fuck\" i went straight in . i've got a lovely bruise and scrape on my thigh (about fist size around) but other than that i'm ok .
lady comes in at rush hour, 3 screaming babies, 6 different wic vouchers. She gets some of the wrong items, has to go back and get the correct ones, a line of impatient people has formed.
i was told to wash a rug that had a rubber backing on it and was extremely gross. i asked if it needed to be washed with the hose outside but was instead told that it could be thrown directly in the washing machine. i figured that if it could be put in the washing machine i could wash it on sanitize and it would be extra clean.
My boyfriend and i decided to make the move to lake louise, alberta and got jobs at the fairmont.  upon arriving, we were completely speechless and in awe of the lakes beauty. after dinner we decided to take a walk around the lake. it was gorgeous. everything was so pure and beautiful. the walk to the back of the lake is about 20 - 30 minutes depending on your pace and how many times you stop for pictures.
i was using my left foot to steady the barrel, and i was focusing so much on the little red dot.. i did not pay any attention to what was in front of the barrel....
now my entire car is totalled . great start to summer . Now my entire car is totalled . great start to summer .
i was outside cutting the grass when i stopped to bag the grass clippings. i heard the phone ring inside, but didn't think anything of it since it would go to voice mail. i went to listen to it and it starts out.. \"this message is for rrims. we've received your online application and would like to schedule a face-to-face interview. please give us a call at...\" i go call to my dad to come inside and take a listen (i'm excited i finally got a call back)
i noticed two pictures of the kids, so i started to vent my rage to the pictures . the majority of the stuff was \"you deserve to burn...slowly\" and \"you both need to be sodomized by a horse dildo\"
i'm a bit of a slob when it comes to clothes. i throw clothes wherever, and in this situation, i threw my underwear on the couch. of course, i was clothed, but the doorbell rang and i didn't want them to see my underwear on my couch. so i threw the underwear across the room and answered the door. i completely forget about my underwear and get back to my life.
i record my lectures in class and one day i forgot to turn off voice memos and i went to the bathroom . this one guy wanted to go over my notes (because they are fabulous) so i decided to be nice and burn him a cd, and i forgot that there was me going to the bathroom on one of the tracks .
i was at work and just finished my lunch. thinking at it was going to be like most days, i had finished and heading back to work. where i work there are a lot of floors with a lot of different departments working. i walked down the corridor and walking in the opposite direction was a very attractive lady, i noticed that she had a glados t-shirt on an industrial piercing which was too big for her ear. we both smiled at one another and i said 'hi'. unfortunately i have been working there about 7 months and have not seen her before, so who knows it could be
my girlfriend has hung out with all of us before. although, i'm always there and can always steer the conversation away from weird topics. well, today without thinking, i suggested they hang out together until i get home. my girlfriend doesn't know that i've slept with both of them and had on and off relationships with them over the past 7 years.
inspired by the poster artist from hyar. My family used to watch the princess bride quite often when i was young and it reminds me of a simpler time.
65kg of my weight on my two arms. my right arm was bent at an awkward angle. i broke my radius the full way through, and the ulna had a crack half way through. this time, i managed to break both of them completely in two. i went into a surgical gown, got the ol' count back from 10; \"ten, nine, eeeiiighht, ssevvbggghh\" woke up about two hours later, completely disoriented, with my parents next to me. i also have a totally wicked scar about 15cm long on the underside
i was making dinner tonight when my eye itched. like any normal human i rubbed it with the back of my hand. the problem: my hands were full. in the one was uneatable vegetable matter, in my dominate hand were some green onions.
when i asked my mom if she would ever try cannabis, she initially balked, but when asked why she reacted in such a way, she could provide no answer . Now my mom is baked out of her gord and glued to the sofa. i confessed that i drugged her. she didn't look angry or confused, just slightly irritated. she isn't enjoying herself and said she feels nauseous, but all of the research i've read tells me cannabis is an anti-nausea.
i decided to stay up late to study for my business law class the night before.  usually staying up late isn't a problem for me because i take meds for add and that keeps me up pretty late by accident anyway. this night though i was having trouble staying up so i decided to by one of those starbucks cappuccino things which was a gamble already because i'm sensitive.
i let it slip that i'd done ecstasy in the recent past. mind you it was the first and only time i'd done it, and i really don't do drugs in general. i instantly realized i said a bit too much - he chuckled and didn't make anything of it. however, if he were to ask me about it later, should i say it was just a joke? there is no discussion about drugs or alcohol here, and no drug testing.
i was changing the door handles on the doors to my living room and my bath room, so i start out by unscrewing the old ones completely.  suddenly i remember that i have to pee, so i head for the toilet in my bath room - and slam shut the door behind me. i realized in an instant what i had done, but i couldn't open the door from the inside - because i had just unscrewed the door handle completely.
my Spanish teacher peeks out of the store and reprimands the group. the most awkward moment of it was when i bent down and apologized quietly.
i had become sick with the flu and had to miss out on a few days of work. after a full recovery, i was excited to get back to work to make some dolla dolla bills, but also felt guilty for missing out on a week's worth of work. Some asshole voice in my head convinced me that this wasn't a valid illness and should rather say \"meningitis.\" i didn't even know what the hell meningitis was at the time i said it, but knew right away by the looks of very sincere concern on my coworkers' and boss's face that
she came up to me and asked me for directions to our class. this was night school, i go twice a week. when i got to class i kept looking at her to confirm that she was who i thought she was. i'm pretty sure she seen me and got uncomfortable and is probably thinking i'm a creep.i going to try talking to her this Thursday. hopefully i don't fuck up.
i'm a teenage girl, okay? it was around 10:30 at night. i was talking kind of dirty with my boyfriend and was starting to get turned on. i took my clothes off in bed and began to fap. i wanted to find something to use as a dildo. you push down on the side and the mouth opens and the pen clicks open. i finished up, then i tried to get it out. apparently the side got caught on my vagina's lining. so when i tried to pull it out, the mouth opened and clamped down on the other side of my
My nostrils and throat feel as if they're coated in fire, i let out a howl that could have been heard a league away . After a few minutes of painful, baffled ire i ended up licking my fingers, resulting in the snarling pain coating my tongue .
i'm walking on my college campus with my girlfriend to go pick up a package her mom had sent her containing lots of valentines day candy . out of nowhere a tall skinny kid about 18-20 years old comes running and grabs the package from my hands . i immediately go for a trip takedown, and when he puts his hands on the floor to stand up, i sink in a rear naked choke . i'm borderline sick today and the only reason i even went to school was because i had a huge test .
i took a shit so big it ruined the bathroom. literally, it clogged the toilet and overflowed it. the water was a shade brown so dark it was black. the water overflowed leaving remnants of the chinese food i had had the night prior. the shit steam would condensate on the stinging my eyes, they are in there too.
diapers and kitty litter have been sitting in my trunk, in the sun, for at least 5 days . the good news is, the kitty litter smell is so powerful that it blocked out the diaper smell . the bad news is, my car is a litter box .
i am about to hold a presentation about online education in front of 50 people and a professor. on two large screens stood a picture of a man's dick pierced by needles and some other shit. the look of sheer horror on some of the faces will follow me for the rest of my life. like a genius that i am, i just said \"ooops\", shut the monstrosity down and started presenting... but nobody's face changed.
7 beers last night. literally just happened. thought i had to fart. nope. now going commando for the rest of my shift full of shame and embarrassment.
i've recently been hitting the gym, and have this narcissistic urge to take off my shirt every time i go to the bathroom and check out my upper body . well, yesterday night, i was really pissed at life, and decided to smoke a joint with a friend after eons of not smoking or drinking . well, after a few minutes i was pretty buzzed and my mouth was as dry as the sahara desert, so i decided to drink a gallon of water .
\"i'm on vacation!\" i would shout at the on-lookers gathering with sadness and pity in their eyes. i actually don't know why i would think that. that's not even a thing that makes sense to think. the line was insane and every toilet is precious real estate and the small bladdered old men behind me panic because they should sell beer in the restroom line. seriously, they should sell beer in the restroom line. seriously. i forgot two reasons -- 1) if you run out, you are literally trapped in line and wasting valuable drinking time. 2) the lines are long enough
i didn't notice my mistake until she spoke and said she got it all the time. i'm sure that didn't make her feel any better.
i meant to pour the milk into my cup but i was an idiot and destroyed at least a quarter of the chocolate milk container . my mom found it with big clumps of nesquik stuck together .
while trying to send to one of my colleagues by mistake sent it to old boss.  smiley in the mail body was the cherry on top of it.
i was recently done washing the dishes at work and had accidentally gotten my watch wet. i placed my watch in the pizza oven, thinking it would dry it off quickly. i quickly grabbed my watch from the oven and put it on, not thinking it would be hot. i was then rushed to the emergency room and had to have my watch surgically removed and now have second degree burns on my wrist.
after work my friends decided to go to dennys and they have their glorious bacon menu. i ordered the spicy jalapeno bacon burger. half way through my meal i felt a sharp pain in my intestines. thinking it was just gas i tried silently pass it but then my stomach rumbled so loud my buddy next to me gave me a concerned look. i left the bathroom with shit between my cheeks and with everyone paying the check.
after a month of saving up to pay a super speeder ticket, i was finally out of debt (with *only* 6 points on my record... sigh) My car came with the rod unbolted from the engine bay and just sits in the trunk instead. my fuck up was laying it on top of the latch that secures the hood down just so that i could go in and pay for the oil and hose quickly instead of fully closing it first.
i'm trying to convince them to allow me to start dating, so i can get married (i'm super religious except for the following point, so i'm a virgin and intend to be until marriage) i fap. a lot, lately. way too fucking much.  apparently, i didn't do a very good job cleaning up after myself, and my dad decided to wash my floor. there are... stains.
i really wanted some pops because i was hungry and nothing else caught my eye, so i ate a bowl of milk and the cereal. i started coughing ( i have a very weird dry cough so it feels like a lion's scraping the inside of my chest.) like a car crash happening in slow motion, i realized i was going to throw up. i start barfing in the hallway, and put my hand up to my chin, catching all of my half digested pops and goo in my hand. i bolt to the toilet and start letting it out, using my good hand to hold my hair
after dinner, things start getting hot and heavy . Despite the fart lodged in my butt (i tried to get it out, but it refused), continued the heavy petting . i was so focused on the pleasant sensations that i didn't even feel it .
i lost everything that was on my first icloud account including all the information, the script to our short movie and all the other related documents to my last semester . i also lost my information for my spanish oral presentation which is tomorrow .
i was refereeing a soccer game yesterday when i got stung by a bee . i was allergic to bees and had to use my epipen . i waited until after 4 stings to take my epipen, knowing i was allergic the whole time, and accidentally almost killing myself . i will never put my life at risk like that again. ever.
we noticed the difference last night and i adjusted her clocks to mine. she woke up at 450 instead of 550 . i realized it when she was on her way to work.
this morning, one decided to hide under the couch. i decided to lift up the couch to check if she was there because i couldn't find her. she makes a sudden movement, startles me, and i lose my grip on the couch. she died instantly.
i decided to go to my so's house and things got a little intense. next thing i know she is pulling down my pants and performing oral sex on me. like seven minutes in i tell her that i'm about to cum so she stops and just gives me a hand job to finish me off. i literally blow a huge load **everywhere** and that isn't the worst part. i cum on my own face, and i mean all over my face glasses and all.
when i landed in, my hangover had subsided and my tummy was agrumbling . i kept a close eye on the time and made sure i got to the gate on time . the next flight to is at 8:40am tomorrow, i will be missing a day of work . i can hardly sleep anywhere except for a bed, and worst of all, i have to wait another day to see my beloved cat again .
i started calling her lizard girl, and eventually the whole class got into it . after 4th grade she left our school and began home-schooling because she couldn't take it .  years later i am so ashamed of my actions and in the off chance that \"kelly\" is a redditor and is reading this.
i thought i washed my hands good enough, apparently not. my dick felt like i had stuck it in a big bottle of tabasco sauce and cajun spices with a little sprinkle of lye. i honestly thought my dick was going to fall off. it's a few hours later and i still feel a burn, i peed once and i am afraid to pee again.
boiling water got on the counter, onto the floor, and under my feet. i had socks on, so even though i moved away, the socks held the heat. it hurt like a mother f#$@er. a few years ago i made homemade chicken stock and strained most of it down the drain... at least today i get to eat what i made.
i am late 20\u2019s, 5\u20197\u201d, lean with muscles, getting nicely drunk at a house party that i don\u2019t know the hosts, or their friends. can\u2019t remember anymore at the party, aaaaaaaaandd not really sure how we left and how we ended up at, your place. i think we begin sex, but not sure we finish, either of us. maybe i fell asleep on top of you and you enjoyed this passive cuddling? i am drunk, and asleep! i need to piss like yesterday, i am mad drunk and completely unconscious as I stand teetering naked at your
i filled up my weedeater and went to work. bossman saw the smoke and came to investigate. i got yelled at but we cleaned it out and no harm was done to the equipment.
so now my family is pissed at me because i didn't do anything. i just kept out of the way and now i'm an asshole. fuck me, right?
party of close friends, my bestie brought her man friend. all is amazing until we all start passing out. i was going through the rituals of being last to pass out like taking off my pants before passing out on the couch, taking out my contacts, etc.
I drank two bottles of water (64 ounces) in the last hour and a half of the workday . i was feeling the effects of the water, and i needed to piss badly . i walked into a mcdonalds, and lo and behold, it's an area where there are a lot of homeless people .
one time during a my speech class in high school, we spent the entire period in our schools batting cages. while there i came up with a crazy idea: position myself in front of home plate like adam sandler in happy gilmore and let wild pitches whiz by me at speeds close to 60 miles-per-hour. i walked into the batting cages, stood in front of home plate, and faced the pitching machine head on. swiftly baseballs began flying out at me as i maneuvered out of the way while they hightail past me. thinking to myself that i might go belly up and meet my
The little boy wanted to see the tegus get fed well my more socialized one (the red one) went into brumation . The mom decided to watch but she got to close told her to back up a bit din't listen . i started to laugh as all the blood and organs flew onto her dress and face her son started to laugh to along with everyone in the room .
My phone is in rice, and will likely not work again. now my phone is in rice, and will likely not work again. i guess i'll have to get a paper pda and a dumb phone. i could pick up 7 shifts by the end of the year and pay for a new smart phone..... we'll see i guess.
i was sitting watching telly last night while tapping away on my laptop . my cat is sat on the back of the sofa silently (unknown to me) watching the street outside . something freaks the shit out of my cat, being the skittish old bitch she is, and she jumps down off the sofa . the floor is covered in hot chocolate, i'm covered in hot chocolate, and my laptop is covered in hot chocolate . the genius bar is booked up for the next week and i'm not around during the local repair shop's opening times, and i don't
my great grandfather is 94, really ill and close to dying. i drove across the us to see him yesterday and all night, haven't slept since Monday night. so i'm feeling pretty fucking tired. i tell my wife \"i feel like death\"
i was vacuuming everywhere! behind my desk, my bed and **on** the desk as i come by some old tissues i hid from when i had the \"sniffles\" my mum just looked at me and threw them into our garbage bin.
3 weeks ago, my lower wisdom tooth was causing problems, so after an initial consult, they booked me in to have it, and another removed . i declined as i didn't want to inconvenience anyone by having them drive me to the appointment - big mistake! the amount of pain i experienced as soon as the numbing injections wore off was the worst i have ever experienced . i scurried to the nearest pharmacy to get my prescribed drugs, immediately sunk two 40mg codine, and with a death grip on the wheel i got home and collapsed on the couch for the rest of the afternoon .
i go to the bathroom to pee after a few beers. the urinals were full so i go to a stall. i going pee and i see an empty glass on top of the toilet. so, for a reason unknown to myself i blast that fucker with beer colored piss and put it right back. Later on i go back to the same stall and the glass was empty. now i can't say for sure it was my friend, but i all of the sudden realize upon seeing the empty glass that my friend will sometimes drink wounded strangers (rando, beer unclaimed)
we broke up two months ago, and it was not a good break up... it was a long distance relationship but i loved her with all my heart and believed when she said she was in for the long haul. then she cheated on me and started a relationship with the new guy.
this is the first date i've ever been on. yes with anyone (i hope you're getting all excited right now like \"dis gon be good\"). well for starters i'm fucking 150 pounds and secondly i may or may not be under 21. but yolo i like alcohol why not. pretty much everyone has like 3-4 shots, except me, because i'm going to impress this girl. so instead of having a few shots, i have 10, in about 15 minutes. so as you can imagine i'm fucking trashed.
i got this book in e-book form and was reading it on my phone in the class i ta for just at the end of class. When the teacher asked me what i was reading i made up a bs answer by saying it was an interesting supplemental to my h chemistry class that i found online. But when i set my phone on my lap to pack up my stuff she saw the cover page and pulled me into her office for a quick chat.
according to our store policy (and possibly state law?), customers can only buy up to $500 in gift cards in a 24 hour period. i started writing a district-wide email describing the customers and to be on the lookout. during this time, one of the other managers called and told me about his suspicions that the credit cards they were using to purchase the gift cards were stolen.
i live at home with my mom, grandma and great grandma (so much estrogen)  caitlyn says hi and then my great grandma turns to me and says \"wasnt her name rachel the other day?\" i tried to explain, but she didn't believe me. she didn't say much else the rest of the day. it also happens that i know a rachel from another class and she hits on me a lot, so when i handed caitlyn my phone to show my monogomy, rachel decides it is the best time to text me and say \"what's up
This actually happened last night so i guess it's more like lnifu. i was watching tv, being generally lazy after putting the kids to bed and decided that during the next commercial break i'd go get my nightly snack. so the commercial comes on and i decide to try and pull a risky business slide across the kitchen floor because hey, that's always fun, right? i go into my slide like a pro, arm outstretched to grasp the cabinet knob as it comes into range and successfully open the cabinet door in one fluid movement. then i remember a feeling of euphoria and being very comfortable
i was sitting next to a blind guy and talking about what college groups we belonged to while on campus. he said he only belonged to a few and didn't pay attention to all that was available to him. i responded with, \"we all walk around with blinders on\" and tried to fix it by following up with, \"you know! tunnel vision.\"
i had been, for lack of a better word, sexting a member of the opposite sex for the previous few nights .  upon picking up my phone, i was present with a photo of me, completely naked, with my clearly erect penis in my hand .
i broke up with this girl, after a year of dating, because of minor issues and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i've managed to get over her and as the time gets closer for her to get here, i can feel my heart pounding faster and faster. i know this is going to end badly, but i've screwed up once already. canceling will only been seen as one more screw up on my part.
i stopped at the gas station to grab a cheap drink that came in a styrofoam cup. after i got home, i decided to make some supper and started cooking some ground beef on the stove. i soon needed something to put the grease in, so i grabbed a nearby empty sonic cup. i grabbed the wrong cup and took a big sip of some grease. i immediately started freaking out and spit it out in the kitchen sink.
I woke up this morning with my eyelids crustily half-glued together . Hopefully it won't get any worse but since i also suffer from allergies, my eyes have been running during the day anyway .
My parents wedding gift toaster oven exploded 8 years ago . Glass door exploded sending glass everywhere . Glass landed on hardwood floors leaving scorch marks that are still there to this day .
now the same goddamn 15 second clip plays before every youtube video i watch, and their ad shows everywhere. fuck! CLICK HERE for all the latest pearl jam news .
i'm a part timer working for the british army voluntarily.  occasionally i work with cadets but mostly do paperwork. anyway now and again i get the chance to apply for more exciting work which can include having to visit quite senior officers.  so i was sitting at a desk filing in forms about how many piles of mud needed to be cleaned and which maniac should be let loose with a shovel when i was summoned to the company commanders office.
my parents left me home alone for a week while they where in las Vegas. i tried to do what any teenager left home alone for a week would try to do, have a huge party. i got some of my friends to help me setup, we moved almost everything that was breakable into siderooms, even some of the furnature. immidiently they ask where they can go to smoke, i told them to exit the backyard, through the gate and smoke in the little park i back onto. my neighbours, who are really good friends with my parents saw, and about contacted my parents,
i rent an upstairs unit/apartment/flat (whatever you want to call it) i got my watched fixed 2 weeks ago, and have been wearing it again after a few years of not wearing it. i had an extra set of keys (car, house) at work 2 weeks ago, but i brought them home to get the remote control beeper thingy for my car fixed so anyhow, the morning begins as usual . as the door is shutting i realise \"oh god, these aren't my keys in my hand, it's my watch\"... and the door shuts .
was asked to feed by sister in laws pets while she was away for the weekend. decided to take up her husband's offer of using his weights set. complete a few bench presses, figure that would be enough. Unfortunately, the bar wasn't balanced when removing the weights and the pole flipped over, sending the tip into the plaster wall.
when i'm busy doing my work and my other \"work\", i'll close and lock my door so i won't be disturbed. i also have quite a sharp 12 year old sister who decides to knock on my locked door one night. after not responding for a good 10 minutes as i was doing my work, she seemingly gives up and walks off.
i'm 20 f and he's 27 but the age gap doesn't bug either of us . everything was going great, we would talk every day and although i miss him so much it's not bad . i'd been going through some personal rough patches and really felt the need to get hammered, which is the stupidest thing to do in my situation . i felt like it was too late to back out, that it would be easier for me to just finish the job than to get away at that point .
i was walking through a parking lot when all of a sudden this car blares its horn at me. i flip the car the bird without so much as glancing in the direction of said car and proceed to carry on while silently congratulating myself on a job well done.
My sister introduced her friend to me a couple years ago, turns out she really liked me since she first saw me . She's a pretty depressed person, so i think \"oh what the hell, she could probably use a friend, nobody really seems to like her\" well, eventually her jokingly calling me whore means \"oh i'm gonna grab your boobs because i think it's funny\"
whereas baby wipes have a soft, moist feeling of relief, hand wipes are extremely alcoholic in content . the moment the hand wipe made contact, it felt like someone had lit a molotov cocktail in my asshole .
i was on my way to meet my dad at a golf course for a nice afternoon round. my brilliant iphone gps decided to tell me to make a right on a street, so i did. it took me off a paved road and on to a dirt road.
i like coffee but i hate hot drinks and i like this one but yesterday i didnt finish it . i ripped the can forward, liquid still in mouth, and it fell back into the can . i froze for 2 seconds and then i spat all of the coffee drink across my desk, computer and the wall behind it .
i went on a trip to the coast in Italy, travelling alone so unfortunately nobody to help me keep my head screwed on . it started with a quiet sunset beer, absolutely stunning setting in a fairly sleepy town. cut to 3 hours later and i'm left with a group of italians we'd also met that evening but slowly realising i'm losing the ability to speak in either language. i decide to be 'sensible' and head back to the hostel at this point before i make things worse.  crashing down from the top bunk i run to the toilet to have a mega chunder,
i decided to have a lazy day, basically lounge around in a shirt and shorts doing nothing apart from watching films. i hear a knock on the door and stand up to answer it forgetting that i am wearing shorts with buttons on the front. i open the door to find a neighbour from across the road. i should mention she has known me since i was a baby and does a lot of stuff for the church and had brought across the church newsletter and to ask about my grandma.  anyway, i open the door and she looks at me and then looks directly into my eyes her gaze never wavering as she asks about
My boyfriend and i had been out drinking with friends from about 5pm (his band had played an outdoor music festival, we later left and went to our favourite watering hole). by about 11pm he was looking a bit worse for wear and i (pretty much sober) took him to the bathroom to throw up (a lot). we slept on his living room floor so as not to wake anyone up. next thing i know, i'm waking up to this strange sound by my head. kind of like a waterfall.
Physical therapy caused my leg to reach a soreness level to where i had a limp when i walked. i needed some relief from the soreness; like any other athlete i reach for my favorite analgesic called biofreeze.  biofreeze uses this menthol combination that you roll onto sore or achy parts of your body which creates this cooling effect and promotes blood flow to the area.
since i have amazon prime, i said i would 2-day ship it to her house so that it could be there in time for the festivities.  since i am moving soon and had no idea when they would ship, i changed my address to my parents address to assure that i would be able to still get them, should i have moved before they arrived. This morning my mom receives a box labeled to me from fedex and obviously assumes that it was the mosquito repellent that i had shipped to her, so she opens it without a second thought only to find various sex toys for both male and female intended for her (now
i was on the way from practice with my band when i accidentally rear ended a vehicle that was at a stop light after getting off the freeway . i don't know why but i wasn't paying too much attention and was looking the other way jamming to shpongle's new album . well... needless to say it was an older woman and she was not at all happy.
when i used to live with my parents, my bedroom was downstairs in the basement. in the back room there's a sink .  whenever i'd wake up in the middle of the night and have to take a piss, i'd just walk to the back room, pee in the sink, run a little water down the drain, and go back to bed. i have since moved back in with my parents and have again begun peeing in the sink in the middle of the night.
i brought my signed first edition copy of damned by chuck pahalniuk to work today . potreen thought the book looked like it had \"swag\" in her words. in her attempt to pick it up she knocked over her open bottle of black finger nail polish, spilling it all over the opened book on the ground .
after everything was done i tried calling her back and she didn't answer. i tried texting her and she won't respond. so she hasn't talked to me for a week now.
i forgot how to calculate. i realized the sheet i did earlier winch i was using for a example went missing. i think i accidentally stapled it to my grandpa stuff which he needed.
i haven't brushed my teeth nightly for years . i have tourette's syndrome, so finding a dentist isn't really easy . i'd go get one myself, but we live too far out of town for me to work 3 hours a day at winn-dixie .
i borrowed a friend's id and i got into the pool parties. at one of the pool parties, i got dehydrated and ended up in an ambulance and hospital for intoxication/dehydration. a month later, my friend got a bill for $800. other than paying for it, is there any way i can get out of this? i really want to avoid dragging my friend into this because she is completely innocent and i am just causing such a hassle for her.
i brought my 3ds in the bathroom and most would expect that i would drop it in the toilet right? well,it went a bit differently. i set my 3ds down by the sink and after washing my hands it magically flew into the bubble filled sink. i panicked and quickly opened it to find the bottom screen all glitchy and messed up. eventually it did. for 5 minutes,and now it refuses to even turn on.
lucy gets on top of my laptop with her butt pointed in my face because she's a fucking cat and cat love putting their butts in your face . i guess i must have squeezed her a but when i picked her up because she fucking squirted shit/piss on my fucking mouth/face. i have washed my face, brushed my teeth, and showered and i still think i can smell/taste it.
i only packed my hand carry in the 20 minutes before i left. in a rush, i picked a random bag out of my closet. when i arrived at bangkok, where i'd have a quick stopover before taking a connecting flight to chiangmai, i was faced by a cursory bag inspection. the people behind me first look a bit scared, then start nervously giggling as i desperately try to explain to the attendant.  eventually, i give up and start walking towards my gate after the props were confiscated.
i saw a man with a cup of coffee with no lid, and he was sitting on the ground, so i thought he was homeless. i felt around in my pockets for some loose change and found a few coppers. i went over and put them in the coffee cup, only to realise that he had coffee in it and that he wasn't even homeless, he was waiting for someone.
This is the second story about pissing behind a school piano . It's about the time my music teacher's husband got married . It wasn't the most offensive joke ever, it wasn't even offensive, but we laughed. \"dannii!\" from my music teacher was what broke the laughter. \"that's because her new husband has it. haha!!\"
i have about 5 aquariums in my home, but i have to maintain several other containers as quarantine tanks and breeding tanks . from the past few days, i could smell a faint but rancid smell near my door. i thought maybe ive missed the water change on one of the containers.
we're hunkering down for a night of movies and alcohol as per usual when he suddenly drops it. He's like, yeah...i think i love you. completely caught me off guard, i was honest with him. Next thing i know my phone is ringing, he went out to get something or other and his clutch slipped and his tires squealed and somehow this is something a cop can pull you over for. he hasn't come home yet, i'm waiting for him to either show up, or to get a call telling me to go pick up the truck because towing companies really hate
i'm friends with one of the chefs at ku, where i'm currently at. the other day, my chef friend told me that one of the workers is clinically depressed and is suicidal. fast forward a few days, and me and my friend are in a line. we were discussing our weird shit. my friend tells me \"hey can i grab the salty sardines out of your dickhole after i fuck your brains out?\" i say, \"okay that's just fucking nasty\"
i walked in the door from the back yard and lo-and-behold upon the table is a bowl of freshly made, barely touched, punch. i walk up grab a cup, dunk the ladle and start to pour. as i'm pouring i start to feel a wetness on the back of my hand and hear a dribbling in the bowl.  turns out the punch is going down my hand and back into the bowl.
i'm getting baked with my friends this afternoon because we are all responsible adults . my very dear friend who happens to be black shows me a video of these women twerking because he loves booty (honestly who doesn't) i'm insisting it's a mating ritual; it's all to appease the opposite sex. one comment leads to another and i eventually end up saying \"yeah man, baboons do it all the time\"
i accidentally hit the power switch for my pc with my foot . after powering back up i notice 2 of my drives are missing from the system overview . i have managed to recover about 600gb from one of the drives .
i'm sitting at my computer when i feel a feeling we're all aware of: the need to fart. i let it pass through my anus and it felt a little wet, but i just thought it was warm and burning since i ate an entire habanero pepper today. at the end of the fart, however, i felt a bubble come out of my rusty sheriff's badge and it soon became clear what just happened: i shit myself.
i felt like going for a walk by a lake up in the fells, so i took my ipod and went. after walking for around an hour, and finding myself in complete isolation, remarkably under-dressed and freezing cold - my stomach started groaning. i could feel the turtle head slowly slide out and i was too far from the car, so i decided to run into the forest and take a nature shit. i was sprinting full on 60mph and sweating like a bastard, my foot caught a rock and i flipped over - released my shit in mid air - and landed with a crushing blow directly on my
i was visiting my best friend for the first time in his new shared flat, because he had just moved to another town to study. we got really, really drunk that night and decided to go home at about 3:30am, where i passed out on the living room couch. the next morning i was still hoping it all just was a dream but the iphones in rice proved me wrong. i tried to apologize to them the next day, knowing that no words could compensate for that, and gave him some money to take his girlfriend out to dinner.
last week i bought a new pair of black super-skinny jeans and started wearing them every day to school. sure they were a bit uncomfortable, but all new skinny jeans are in the beginning, right? then, today, i was talking to this guy from my class out in the corridor, he was sitting down on a bench and i was standing, so obviously his eyes was close to the same height as my crotch.  so we're talking like usually, but i notice his eyes keep drifting away from my face... and sure enough, when i get home and look in the mirror i realise i have been
when i called in for a replacement, i was told i'd have to pay $200 for a replacement. Now my phone has a broken glass face and i'm gonna have to spend more money fixing it.
i was pushed to be the leader of the group, and one particularly pushy member asked me to assign parts of the project to everyone . we reorganized the parts on facebook, but i forgot about the one person who isn't on the group because he doesn't have facebook . i forgot about him while we distributed the work load, and now i look like an asshole who played everyone so that he didn't have to do any work .
i was trimming my balls and, normally, i use a buzzer with a razor afterward for a closer shave. well after a few nicks here and there over the months, i realized i needed a new method. well all was going well in the trimming department until i decided to twist braid my pubic leaves and cut them. As i was pulling on the strands of testicular whiskers, i realized, too late as it was, that my scrotum stretched with the hair as well.
My phone slips out of my fingers and goes directly for that pee in the toilet. i noticed the slip but it was too late for my dead-snake-reflexes. i immediately reach for it in the toilet. get it out, fucker slips again, falls back in. second try, get it out for real, flushed, raced to the sink, disassembled it, washed it with water. i then proceed to soak it with water, but hey at least it didn't stink anymore.
we're still together and tell each other we love each other. she's pretty hurt right now . i don't have any feelings for my ex (5 year relationship) at all, she is nothing compared to my current gf . i hid a bunch of love notes from songs i sing to her around her purse and room, she hasn't seen any/gone home yet .
i decided to try to pee with an erect pee boner . It's sort of like a water fountain arc, while moving back and forth as the pressure builds and diminishes . i started to feel pressure building, then starting to sting/burn . the stream shots up in the air, and goes on me, and all over the sink and mirror .
i've been seeing this guy for about 3 weeks now. he's fantastic . we were in bed and he was going down on me. at that moment i apparently decided to softly call out \"oh, james.\" the man i am seeing is not called james. not even a little bit. he immediately stopped what we were doing and got angry and upset. rightfully so. i was too drunk to go home so we spent an awkward night laying next to each other in silence. his angry, mine apologetic. now, i don't know if i will ever see or hear from him again
i absently scratched my left ear lobe. i felt a scab so i scratched at it, pulling it off. when i wake up in the morning i shower straight away. so i got my shit ready and went to shower. when i undressed i finally looked in the mirror and saw blood running from my ear lobe, down my neck and around it.
My brother has been dating this girl for about 4-5 years and thats all you really need to know about that. Within ten minutes of it being posted i was getting a phone call from my mother asking what was going on and my brother threatening to break my nose if i dont delete the post immediately as he was unable to at the time, not sure why.
acetone spilled all over my face while trying to get the bottle as far away from me as possible. i ended up spilling it all over my face as well while trying to get the bottle as far away from me as possible. i only got to witness the burn of a thousand million suns in my mouth and throat again, as my stomach was pretty empty.
in the last 36 hours i've eaten sausages, landjaeger, pepperoni, and to top it all off an 18oz ribeye for dinner . i've been trying to shit for the last hour, to no avail.
Normally i'm a dry guy, but today i decide to try out the feels with some olive oil. that might have been the end of my fuck up there, because it was a bit difficult to clean up off of myself.  fast forward about 30 minutes and my roommate gets home from work, hops in the shower. my roommate slipped on the oily surface of the shower floor and broke his fall with his face. i finally convinced him to let me in the door (i was once an emt and went straight to calm triage mode) in the end my roommate broke his nose and cracked his cheek bone
i woke up feeling a bit groggy but i got up on time. on my drive into work i started to get the urge to take a massive shit. The urge to take a crap came back, so i grabbed my water bottle and headed for the shit house.
i find an empty green tea bottle . i do my business put on the lid then place the bottle to the side of my desk so that i don't forget to dispose of it later . i continue eating my flamin hot cheetos and redditing and i'm thirsty so i grab a tea bottle and begin to take a swig . then i realized my tea is all of sudden salty and warm , but not before i swallow some .
I've been friends with this girl for a few months . I often write messages to people, but i don't send them . my phone never deletes them, it just saves them as drafts . i brought up one that said, \"i really like you. please give me a chance\" now, my phone will constantly misregister where my finger is and will think i'm pushing a button that i'm not pushing . i didn't want her to think i was being an asshole, pushing her to date me even after she told me she had
i dropped off stuff in the kitchen, and announced: \"i've got to poop\" i took a few hurried steps, with a few warning farts, but by the time i got in the door, i knew not to trust anything else. this was about an hour ago, and my butthole is still not happy about it.
my mom gave me emergency money, plus $25 for my sister's car. we used some of the emergency money for red robin and arcade games. i also had to sleep in my parents room with my brother in case something happened and i didn't, and one of my dogs tore some things up making a mess on my parents bed.
i work alone, selling mattresses. i spend 10hrs a day surrounded by comfy beds waiting for someone to come in, its alot of down time. i decided why not, im coved up by the big desk that faces the wall of windows, and im wearing a dress, so its not like anyone would see right? wrong. i closed my eyes for a few seconds, enjoying my dirty time and was on the edge of cumming, ohh god i was *right there* when i open my eyes and see a group of high school boys looking through the windows on theyre bikes with looks of awe and
i am a guy btw, never put any colour in my hair etc.  our bartender, basically a fuckbuddy of the barfly, repeatedly told me \"yeah, yeah, do it. she's good!\" the next day i call her up and arrange to meet her at her place. the next day i call her up and arrange to meet her at her place.
i take notes on my laptop, and decided to set the cup on the edge of my desk. i'm a pretty careful person, and also kind of overly protective with my electronics. he turned around to ask me a quick question, his elbow hit my cup, and i watched in utter horror as water doused my keyboard. i immediately jumped out of my chair and yelled, \"shit-fuck!\" the professor and everyone in the class -- about 65 students -- were staring at me with a mixture of faces.
i stopped by the shop to pick up this pipe i had been eyeing for awhile. i parked out back, went in grabbed the pipe, and broke it in with the boys in the basement. at this point it's too late to actually call someone, so i decide to just push it in the backdoor and leave it inside for the night. i arrive at the shop only to realize it wasn't just a little gas and that my entire gas tank has emptied into the store.
i was walking around my condo, and decided it would be a good idea to multitask and feed my fish . i have two 10-gallon tanks and the filtration systems are really loud . my boss: oh god...is one of you pissing in the men's room right now? all of us: nope, not me!
i'm waiting for the bus with 3 friends, 2 of them and i are invited to this birthday party for our mutual friend. A third friend waiting with us was participating in the conversation on what we should get our mutual friend for a birthday gift. The third friend accepted but the other 2 friends got pissed off. Then they had a huge argument on why we can't bring the third friend which ended with one friend flipping off the other.
my sister said my dad would tame a mountain lion and then i, thinking i was on reddit, blurted out ya i would mount a tame lion. needless to say i am now the butt of everyone's joke. i woke up this morning with a bottle of lotion and pictures of cats and dogs next to my bed.
friction from rubbing the skin must have caused a small cut to let it bleed . very little amount though, i don't think it's anything huge but..
i woke up feeling like shit and contemplated calling in sick, but instead decided to show up for work anyway. i only feel progressively worse, as though i'm cooking inside of my clothes. sweat was dripping off my face. i imagine the reason is my going home sick and using my last point, although this shouldn't be a reason because i still had that point to use.
we had recently had sex again and it was better than i could have hoped. but something in me wondered as it did when i was a teenager and i looked at porn again. i had planned to tell her that it happened but she saw a saved pic before i could say anything.
i have been obsessed with reading the top r/nosleep posts of all time . my girlfriend is an ex-anorexic, insomniac, full-time student writer . i recommend it to those who aren't squeamish **spoilers end** the kicker- my girlfriend is an ex-anorexic, insomniac, full-time student writer .
i woke up this morning around 8am, my hubs had said last night he wanted to sleep in this morning so he could stay up later tonight to watch football (go chiefs!) when i tried to get up to go pee i had quite a solid case of vertigo and bounced off the wall a few times getting to the toilet. around noon, i wake him up to go get some breakfast and some snack supplies for the game. he apparently woke up frisky, so he rolled over and started fingering me.
she stood in the fire for 30 seconds and before i knew it she'd left. i'm still fire proof. but i never even got her name.
i posted a picture of a building i had made, forgetting that maybe one or two of my friends might frequent that board. i wake up after doing an alnighter and i see a message on my fb wall saying \"i found a shit render of some building\" linking my facebook to my reddit account. that post was up for an hour before i deleted the post so a good portain of my mates have probably seen my reddit posts.
i went to sleep with the fan on full blast like normal, but i only pulled over my thin cover and not the quilt. i fell asleep and woke up in the morning shivering. i think i even had a dream where i fell back to sleep and thought i was driving to the store, but it felt real.
i'm in the bathroom preparing for work and i simultaneously hop in the shower. there i am, swishing this blue cleaning product in my oral cavity when the urge to sneeze arises.  naturally my reflex is to deflect or lessen the sneeze' but this is complicated by a mouth full of smurf blue alcohol. half the blue blew out my mouth, the rest out my nose; gravity and water and ceramic bathtub shower don't mix, so ass on ground. i rinse off and exit to a sore tailbone, burning nose (my god how it burns), and a burst blood vessel in
today has not been a good day, and it's only 1:30. my alarm interrupted me. groaning, i sat up, looking blearily at the time, and muttered something offensive to alarm clocks. i grabbed my can of brand-non-specific cola soft drink from last night and gave it a shake. i take a sip, and frown. this isn't right. it's granular. since when was coke granular. i'm horrified to find ants. dozens of them. crying out in shock, i fling them off my hand, about the room, and begin to spit everywhere
my boyfriend was cutting his hair in the bathroom and asked me to come touch it up. i grabbed the razor, not realizing he had taken the guide comb off, and took a chunk out of his hair next to his ear. i tried to fix it and blend it in, but it made it look worse and the bald spot bigger. next i tried a high fade cut, but i failed at that too, and it ended up looking like a bowl cut.
this is all because i didn't read the labels on the damn box. there was a [hint](http://i.imgur.com/d5p5uzmh.jpg) on the box, and on the other side, a [notice](http://i.imgur.com/a0swbeoh.jpg)
this is for a course in one of my last semesters of college and it ends probably today. the project required us to also hand in a user manual to go with the project directly by hand to the professor. i never got this memo and left it in the professor's physical office inbox.
recently, if i am leaving the kitchen i have to open the door as wide as it will go . Today i did that while holding a cup of tea in my hand . The door was on teh edge of closing when i got back to it so i flung it open not realising that my big toa was in the way .
i was on the phone with a very nice client and was about to transfer the call to my boss and said, \"please hold one moment while i transfer you to my boyfriend\" there was silence as i realized what i said, i quickly tried to correct myself and said, \"oh my goodness! i meant boss! he's not my boyfriend!\" The client laughed and told me about a time she called her boss \"mom\" by mistake. i then hear my boss, across the hall, laughing to himself and i get a ping that says, \"i heard that!\" wouldn't be so awkward if
The company forked out the cash for me to travel to another city and take the 3 day course. They paid for my accommodations, gas, wages and provided me with a company credit card for meals( which comes into play later . well i got kicked out of the course, got fired for drinking on the job, cost the company a few thousand dollars and oh yeah charged 282.20 in drinks to the corporate credit card which kind of sealed my being shit canned.
i saved up my hard-earned money and bought myself a sex toy to celebrate my 18th birthday. it was a fleshlight, and i waited eagerly for its delivery for a week before it actually came. when it arrived, i rushed upstairs with it, tore off the packaging and eagerly prepared to plunge my brave little astronaut into its rubbery depths. once i was done, i sealed up my evidence, curled up in faux post-coital bliss, and went to sleep. the fleshlight lay by my bed faithfully until i woke up, at which point my mum was around the house again and i
i was tired of defaulting to facebook all the time so i deleted it and left some contact info in case anyone actually needed something . after i posted it i thought the whole thing seemed pretty narcissistic, and then i realized, for some bizarre ass reason, i decided to close my post with \"see you niggas in hell\" and the tone of the whole post was inverted .
my ex and i broke up about a year and a half ago. we lived together for about four months.  near the end he became distant and cold. would answer phones calls it texts and would come home at midnight and not speak to me. i'm 99% he has zero fond feelings left for me and most likely just wanted to get back into my pants.
\"sophie\" asked if i'd buy one. when i noticed a box of said ribbons on her floor, \"sophie\" asked if i'd buy one. i happily agreed, but not before making an offhand comment to the effect of \"yes, as long as you're not working with those bastards at the Susan g. komen foundation!\" sophie looked confused, so i barreled on, explaining the dismal percentage of proceeds that the company gives to actual research, and how grossly overpaid their executives are.
i just recently got out of a bad relationship. she was 24[f] i am 26[m] she was super neurotic and talked down to me the whole time. i never really showed her the real me. she was hot, and i was into it really because of that. i honestly never thought the relationship would last very long at all. but it was fun while it did.
i am really into film making and thought it would be a great idea to incorporate my passion into my eagle service project, not just make another damn bench. what i chose to do was make short psa videos for a local elementary school about what kids should do in emergency situations. i spend months planning and completing paperwork, getting approval and such before i started the actual filming process, but the day finally rolls around. we film in 2 less days than i planned for and i was excited to transfer the footage so that i could begin editing. i thanked all the people who helped me and went home to my computer
he was playing aggressively with my 1 and a half year old daughter and it really pissed me off. i left and went for a drive to cool off but not before saying what a little shit their kid was. well fuck me looks like i'm the bad guy.
my wife and i have been attempting to get an open relationship started, and she's been wanting to sleep with another friend of mine. i've been helping her ease into it with him, and letting him know i was ok with it and that she had my full permission to do whatever she felt she wanted to do with him.  flash forward a week, and i accidentally mentioned that i wasn't comfortable talking about it in my current state of mind (sober) and he blew up on me.
i was doing inventory in one of our departments, letting little lunch farts squeak by now and again. one was a little more substantial, which caught my attention. i realized we had a problem when i *felt it* i immediately ran for the bathroom to do damage control - i'll spare you the details. i've got another solid 2 hours at work and can't leave on account of being the manager on duty. sharts are still funny, so that's good i guess.
when i went to put the pasta in, i dropped a handful of it all over the stovetop and floor . When i returned to the stove a few minutes later, a long piece of pasta which had fallen into the burner had caught fire . i opened the window and threw the paper towels out into the snow, but inadvertently set the duct tape on the window frame on fire as well .
i was thinking that all famous germans, like sigmund freud and that, are actually from austria. i then blurted out with \"all the best germans are austrian!\"
i'm going to tell you the story of how my neighbor almost died at my party by drinking way too much alcohol . we were outside having a smoke and he starts being an asshole toward my female friends, he tried kissing them and hugging them and they got really uncomfortable . he falls over as soon as we get back inside so we have to drag him back to his room. once he's inside he mumbles something about having to pee, and me and my friends go \"oh shit, do we really have to do this?\" We call the ambulance as soon as he's asleep
my buddy was the navigator because he was the one with the gps. he was fairly tipsy and nothing he was saying made much sense. a cop happily stopped me and enlightened me i was on the wrong side of the road. i will enjoy paying that $262 ticket for carelessness.
when the manager left to get the csm manager for my second interview i had time to reflect on what i had done that morning . during the middle of the second interview the cramp had got so bad, when i coughed i felt a small rush of warm air flow out of my butt cheeks . the manager began to smell my shit and asked me what the smell was coming from. as i stood up the smotherd shit began to run down my legs, the once khaki pants where now turned solid brown on my backside .
Seriously, wtf. its like the easiest part of my job. and also the most obvious. and also the most obvious. and also the most obvious.
ran out like a nigga hittin n runnin. Like a nigga hittin n runnin. Like a nigga hittin n runnin.
i was trimming my pubic hair before a date on the offchance that i might get laid. just a snip, and a nice chunk of my labia minora was gone. it began bleeding profusely. i looked at my scissors and sure enough, there was a small bloody bit of skin on there.
i boiled the water, and instead of pouring it into a cup or anything like that, i threw it into a pot. the water has just boiled, so i move outside onto the back deck, gather the family, and throw. i expect for the hot water to go up into the air and change to the vapor, and some of it does. the rest?
when he sits on me he takes up my *whole* lap making movement difficult . i tried to readjust myself so that he'd fit more comfortably which is when the fuck up started . i was wearing my bf's sweatshirt and didn't want to get cereal all over it so for my next fuck up, i thought \"gee, i'll just let him jump off me himself\" wrong .
My drum major was looking up costumes for next year's marching show ( which is lord of the rings... winning) and was talking about it on facebook. So being the funny guy i am i comment, and after a while a few other people comment on it and along comes this guy.. now.. He's been being a douche to her and calling her names like bitch and such..... and i've known about this for a couple months now... and my amazing brain comes up with the idea' hey man, why don't you call him an orc!!!!!\" and so.....
i'm in college studying engineering, and nearing the completion of my final term. All students have to complete a thesis project and write a paper on their project to be submitted to the school prior to graduation.
i spent so much time gathering all those subreddits together and organizing them. i spent so much time gathering all those subreddits together and organizing them. i spent so much time gathering all those subreddits together and organizing them.
my brother travels extensively for work and has friends from all over the world. a few summers ago, his friend from gunzburg invited him over to dinner. it was a pleasant evening, but something was bugging my brother, he could remember someone coming from gunzburg, but not who it was.  naturally, at the same moment there was a conversational lull and everyone present heard what he said and not only said, but appeared delighted about!
one year ago i was looking for work in the sound engineering/music area, so i decided it would be a good idea to register a domain name with my full name to make myself look more professional . i put the URL onto my cv and sent it out to prospective employers. not too long after that, i found myself a job, forgot about the website and figured i would just let the domain expire . i get an email from uk2 to tell me my domain is due for renewal. curious, i open up the URL again \"myactualfullname.com\" and what comes up? a picture
i thought it was supposed to be my name. i thought it was supposed to be my name. it translates to a bunch of letters. i thought it was supposed to be my name.
i was painting my new apartment while my fiance was sleeping away a pregnant nap in the bedroom. we had taken down the curtains to make around the windows easier to paint. i noticed a few of the other residents of the building (multi apartment building, 8 i think) standing outside looking up at me. They all bowed their heads and proceeded to walk back inside the main doors. appalled, i couldn't figure out why they had been so unkind...until i looked down more to realize that my junk in its entirety was smack in the middle of our perfectly open window.
i'm sitting around with a bunch of friends, where my screen is openly visible...and i have the reddit companion extension.  aka i get pop up messages when i get new replies to my posts. i get little pop up advice about lube in the corner of my screen. that my friends, classmates, and possibly professors can easily read.
i got home from school and went straight to the toilet to take a shit. my diet for the past week hasn't been the best so my shit wasn't the normal consistency. i could get rid of all the fucking shit. 3o wipes later and more than 3 flushes. i would still get a brown stain on my tissue roll when i wipe. for the next 35 minutes the rampant smell of shit lingered in my nose.
It is my anniversary tomorrow, and my wife has been having mobility and fatigue problems for a while so i thought it would be a good idea to make her a nice dinner we could enjoy without going out. i picked a menu and for the dessert i selected a chocolate mousse that needs to be made and then chilled for a day, which suited me as i wouldn't have so much to do tomorrow.  so the wife goes for a nap, and this is my chance to get moussing: i melted the chocolate, and started whipping the egg whites. this foul brown gunk started dripping out the bottom.
jeebus, don't let me get called to go somewhere. please jeebus, don't let me get called to go somewhere. Thankfully i have a long coat here that i can wear home and less than 2 hours work left to go. please jeebus, don't let me get called to go somewhere.
i have had ios 7 for a few months and about a week ago, i installed ios 7 gm on my phone .  once downloaded, i started the update process. what happens? about 40 seconds in . i probably tried to update my phone to the same version it was already on, so that's why it probably happened .
i was driving down the highway and had to scratch my arm and looked away from the steering wheel real quick and then boom! rear ended the guy in front of me . my car is likely totaled as well as his. thankfully no one was injured.
i was standing at the bus stop on my way back from work, decided to sit down. completely miss that tiny fucking bench thing and landed straight on my ass. my bag got stuck between the glass and the bench so it took me much longer than usual to get back up. Luckily there where only about 30 odd school kids there to chant and howler when i fell.
winds knocked down several trees, which of course had to be cleaned up today . my dad runs the chainsaw and i help him however i can - pulling on branches while he's cutting, pulling stuff out of the way of the saw, moving limbs, etc. my mom and daughters and whoever else is there drag everything to the burn pile. either my husband or my son mans the pile and keeps the fire going. i grab the branch, the chainsaw runs, i see him get through the tree, it starts falling and the next thing i know i'm bleeding in many places. the tree
my gal accused me of cheating and i told her \"fuck you!\" not realizing that my kids were in the room. this resulted in them screaming, as loud as they could, for hours, \"fukyou!\" without any understanding of what it meant. they're 3 and 5 years old.
i hadn't been feeling well, thought it was gas. like many people here i made a huge mistake. trusted a fart. so, it came out as small diarrhea fart. i was sitting when it happened and as i stood i felt another coming on. and i thought i could make it too the bathroom seeing as it was like 10-20 feet away. so, i clench my butt cheeks and waddled to the bathroom and here it came. i sharted a big, runny, diarrhea shart, and then it did the weird bubble thing where it traveled to front of my underwear and it was
i work for an events company doing sound/lighting/video. hours can be horrendous with little thanks from the client . i've sunk about 3 boxes (10 bottles per box) of the suckers and eaten twice. stupidly busy, running around and lifting things so i keep on downing the little fuckers. by 6am we're rehearsing and i'm on box number 4... the show was due to start at 3pm and i'm still not feeling tired. i managed to get my trousers halfway down before my guts decide i have to poop out 40 crappy caffienated milk
when the alarm went off another firefighter was in the shower. when the tone dropped he comes down in his underwear and puts his gear on . As we are standing in the door way i start talking to the other guy about it saying did you see \"firefighter blah\" running down stairs in his underwear lol . My mic on my radio was caught in my air pack and was keyed up so everyone could hear what i was saying .
it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts.
i went with like to smoke weed and one of them brought half an o along. well the kids i went with like to smoke weed and one of them brought half an o along. i didn't know this and we were half way there when he whipped it out. all was good at the concert had a blast and told my friend i'd drive her car home so she can sleep. what i didn't know was the car was unsuspected with a tail light out... this screams pull me over and that is exactly what happens.
i was tenderly massaging her bewb. awkward sensations all around my body.  luckily we're all very close *wink wink* *incest joke* and everyone, including myself and sister, laughed about it and never talked about it again.
A woman and her boyfriend walk right past me, and my only way out is to walk between them . She walks right into me, and my arm/chest rub right up against her breast . They thought I did it purposely, or at least he did . i look to the other side of the street and see the same couple walking. immediately i say to myself \"ahh fuck\"
i'm an idiot who'd thrown the contents of my recently broken glovebox into a bag and brought it all into the house. the license only expired a month ago, but also very stupid on my part. i'm choosing to be relieved that i had not been informed of my stupidity in a much harder, much scarier way by being pulled over late at night for some minor offense, lacking the same paperwork .
this is not a funny story, i'm just showing how pathetic my life is so you can laugh at my face . what i will do now? get some l., drown myself in booze and think that will magically solve all my problems .
my boss had just finished chewing out a guy for something he messed up, and was furious. He walked over to the pot, fixed him a cup of coffee, took a sip, and began to throw up. my boss's birthday today.
it started yesterday before i went to work. i took a pretty epic dump, the kind that takes a million and one wipes to make sure it's clean. i'm guessing i wiped to hard in my hast to leave for work and possibly bruised the area around my asshole.
so they had me sign off on a contract that would cut me 1350. that was the \"overtime\" in 6 months. well in reality it was more like 4800, 391 hours. compared to my 108 hours.
i was doing an audit of adsl connections. (most users in our 500+ company use the normal corporate connection that goes through proxy, firewall, etc, but some require a plain adsl link for non-standard stuff) there were 7 ports according to my audit that were still in use and were needed, so i proceeded to unplug the rest with wanton abandon.
my dog came into my room, grabbed my vibrator from my nightstand, took it to the living room in the middle of my two uncles and my 18 year old cousin . and then somehow turned it on.
i haven't slept since Sunday because my job is a wee bit demanding at the moment . i recently moved to a new duty station and today is day 3 of my new job . i'm still unsure if it was fecal matter exiting my sphincter at mach 2 or just the remnants of what my colon used to be .
i was playing cubeworld, minding my own business when i get a steam message telling me to copy and paste this [data expunged] into my URL.  lo and behold, it was a flashing jeff the killer screamer with a fucking loud noise. i was freaked out due to my headphones being all the way up and the noise being painfully loud.
shared folder on dropbox where everyone posts their work and also ideas and projects they have been working on . my teacher eventually restored them, but he said it took him at least two hours to do so and then create another folder modifying the permissions .
i was reading /r/nosleep on my ipad at 3 am when i heard my dad come up. a couple minutes later, i see a hand appear on the screen of my ipad. note, i was reading /r/nosleep, so i naturally freaked and smacked at the black outline which looked like a head of the monster with the ipad.
have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am. i am currently 1/3 of the way there. i have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am.
i got along great with this girl, who i ended up talking to for a couple hours. she told me she works at a bar a block away, and to check it out sometime. at one point she says she wants her bill. i bought one of her pints of two hearted ale, and asked what she was up to. she replied telling me she was going home and drink some wine, and asked what i was doing. i was writing my number down to give to her, turned around and she was gone.
i decided that i wanted to take a physics class at the local university in my hometown in order to fulfill a requirement for my major . i had to get the approval of the instructor because i wasn't considered a full-time student . i have missed credits for participation in class, at least a few homework assignments, and the first midterm for the class .
tonight i was coming home from a friend's house after a fun night of gta v (not relevant to the story, but still a super fun game) and my eyes tricked me into thinking the light was green when it was actually red. Luckily i didn't crash, unluckily there was a cop car sitting at the light and he instantly pulled me over. now i have a $120 citation.
we've been alternating playing, he was at 37%, i am at 18%. he went out for the night, and i stayed in. after relaxing and hitting a bowl, i was finally ready to play. after relaxing and hitting a bowl, i was finally ready to play. this one mission got me so frustrated, i decided to just quit and wait til he came home for help. the next thing i noticed was that his progress had disappeared. it was gone. i almost threw up all over the console, not before jumping out the window. and restarting the console and reloading the game 4 times.
my dad and i were getting our 1931 ford model a out of a storage unit . the car belonged to my great grandfather and is all my dad has left of his granddad . we planned to drive it home, but it wouldn't start. well tow it. did i mention i've never had to tow before and this is only about the 4th time ive driven the car? my dad slowed down too much and slack got in the tow strap and it got caught in the wheel. i yelled at my dad to stop and he stopped a bit more suddenly than i expected
i had been calling someone for over ten minutes. i was praying (no pun intended) that it was a random number, but nope. it was my mom's boss... who is a priest. i had just left a ten minute long message of me moaning on a priest's phone.
i was holding off buying some games in the hopes that they would become a daily deal or a flash sale . During a steam sale, all games are discounted, but they get even cheaper when they become a daily deal or a flash sale .
recently i've been really turned on by the thought of anal pleasure, i had gone in just a little but not much and always cleaned up after not even knowing if i had to . Last night is when it happened, i applied some lube and went at it with my fingers, i decided to go a little deeper than usual and damn it felt so good! i didn't sleep that night, i currently am having sleeping issues and need to get checked for insomnia, well i completely forgot about the lube still all the way in my ass. i really shouldn't have ate a f
i work at a safe house for victims of domestic violence. it's a women- and children-only shelter. it's a transitional 60-day program. i received a call last month from a man calling from the local er with a fractured shoulder looking for a safe place to stay. he told me that his wife had pushed him down the stairs after threatening him repeatedly, and that the abuse was on-going but he was ready to leave her.
i don't think the pants i wore had pockets (i don't remember whether they did or not.) my wallet was upstairs. i was distrustful of my middle sister (so different from us, she must've been adopted; she attempted to steal from a mall anchor store that previous year.) i was given $200 in the packing envelope, and appreciated the gift. to \"play it safe,\" i put it back in the envelope.
my friends and i were hanging out in the school library and we had to go to the bathroom so we went downstairs to the boys bathroom. (it's like 5:00pm there is like nobody in the school) thats when i got the great idea to get my revenge i will pee in the trashcan, so i did. right before i finished my physics teacher walks in and says \"what the hell do you think you're doing\" i felt so stupid not only did i just get caught doing the dumbest thing i have ever done but he has to remind me to zip up my crotch.
i have a pet leopard gecko (she's called saphira) i use a heat lamp to keep her enclosure warm and well lit during the day. the bulb i was using burnt out about a week ago, and the temperatures here in Florida are beginning to cool down, finally. i went down to the pet store to pick up a new bulb. the guy at the counter asked what wattage i needed, and i was confused. i didn't know how powerful the previous bulb was.
tried to sleep in my car and my parked car got it. feeling paranoid, i tried heading home and started to vomit in my car. went to hurry my head out the window, but the window was closed and i smashed my face. eventually got home and it wasn't pretty. got an expensive car wash and then used lemon lime air freshener - this is after i got trashed from margaritas.
i woke up this morning with a giant purple bruise on my upper arm. i did not realize this until i was leaving the house wearing a short sleeve shirt, so i rushed to grab a jacket to cover it up before i left. i found my self in a very hot room, surrounded by 40 or so classmates.
i discovered that the biohazard tattoo on my shoulder is [apparently](http://www.cnn.com/2011/health/08/hiv.tattoos/) [secret](http://www.positivelite.com/component/zoo/item/the-biohazard-blog-part-two-on-your-chest) [code](http://www.brandchannel.com/home/post/2011/08/18/hiv-tattoos-personal-branding.aspx) [for](http://www.beyondpositive.org/2013/09/19/steve-biohazard-marked/)\" in the
i am a master's student so i should really know better but... we had to give presentations over the course of two weeks for an assessment. i did mine the first week and it all went fine, but there was one guy missing that week. it was pretty obvious that he hadn't turned up because he wasn't presenting that week. i decided (god knows why) that the best way to vent my frustration would be to wait for his presentation next week, and then bombard him with several difficult and downright nasty questions at the end of it.
i found taking walks in the middle of the night just before going to bed to be very relaxing and helping me with my issues . One night i felt that the walking wasn't enought and i had to rub one out aswell before going to bed. or even better, lay in bed watching my monitor a couple feet away (2 meters)
http://img39.imageshack.us/img39/3203todayifuckedup . Today ifuckedup is a weekly look at the best images from the internet .
i was smoking a cigarette in my truck driving down the road and put it in a cup of tea from royal farms . i finish the tea and turn the light on to find my car charger for my phone when i see it... a fucking cigarette sitting in the bottom of the cup . i immediately proceed to pull over to the side of the road and puke everywhere .
i realized that when i was watching oscars today that i had watched only one movie among all nominations this year - life of pie . i realized that when i was watching oscars today that i had watched only one movie among all nominations this year - life of pie .
after a long days worth of trekking my new college in blistering hot weather i was ready to eat a cow. i knew the moment i laid eyes on the food i made a fatal mistake by eating everything in sight. i woke up with a stomach cramp but decided to sleep on it and pray that it goes away by the time i wake up again. the moment i reached the toilet i let out the most glorious of all shits. i barely had time to wash off the residue on my leg so i just wiped it off and threw away my boxers and kept my shit ridden shorts in a plastic bag underneath my
my gpa is abysmal, below a 2.5. I just got a d+ on a paper worth 25% of a course grade because i didn't hand it in to my professor during his office hours as asked, after missing class when it was due (with a doctors note) i know reddit isn't the place to complain or fix my problems, and that it's up to me to fix them.
i saw my roommate come in, who'd been at home for a week. i practically bounced to her room, shoving the door open. 'hey! good to see you! how was your week? the family ok?' big smile. she looked up slowly from her computer, stared at me for a few moments with tears in her eyes. 'my nan died' shit. i've never wiped a smile off my face that fast in my life.
My friend wanted to drink a little with us so we come back from the liquor store and the friend comes up with the brilliant idea to play a drinking game to one of our favorite shows trailer park boys. we drink, we have a good time, our noses and cheeks are red from the booze, we pass out. we wake up around 5-6 am and proceed to throw up (the first time). we wake up around 11 and i'm starving, being lazy and hung over i decide that sausage wraps are perfect hangover food! yeah. no. it's not. i had to go to a meeting
'i spanked a girl on the ass' 'i was in the back of the paddy-wagon when i knew i up' 'i am never going to do anything like this again'
i wore my favourite jeans that i've had for years. i didn't think anything of it, until i looked down. years of wiping my hands on my thighs was now glowing in the lights, which wasn't visible before.
when i'm under the influence, i fuck up a lot . i say things i don't think i would say sober or i would not say them the way i do . i recognize a girl that is in one of my class. i say ''hey, i know you, you're in one of my class''. she says ''oh i've never seen you''
my girlfriend is a yoga instructor, and often invites me to her rigorous classes, including one for Sunday morning . i agreed to go the the early 9 am class, and ended up forgetting to set my alarm, or to do my laundry . i grabbed my old yoga pants, by accident, which i happened to forget they were ripped out in the ass .
Netipot is a nose spray that works to clear a cold or flu-like symptoms from the nose . i.S. nursing student tried it without washing it first . i'm about to graduate from nursing school. the kicker? i'm about to graduate from nursing school. the netipot was a bit like when you swim and get water up your nose. not bad.
today was one of those days. she does her thing, expertly might i add, i pop my yop and we continue on to work. While we were enjoying ourselves, she had the side of her face pressed up against my stomach and her makeup had rubbed off onto my shirt. i quickly grab my coffee. on the way back to my desk i pass her in the hall way. she turns bright red and mouths 'fuck, i'm sorry!'
i was tailgating at miller park to watch the brewers game. i put my full vodka and lemonade on the tp holder and proceeded to conduct my business. some asshole decided to slam the door to the stall next to me and my full drink landed directly in my boxers and shorts, that were resting at my ankles.
i woke up, headed to the bathroom, washed my face, opened up the toothpaste, placed it right next to me on the sink and then proceeded to marinate my toothbrush with soft soap shea butter hand soap. i then stuck the fuckin brush in my mouth and brushed one section of teeth before realizing my mistake.  instantly memories of my mother shoving bars of soap in my mouth as a kid came rushing back not to mention at this point i was gagging all over the bathroom. yea.
this one's not awful, but its 2 i'm the morning and i get a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs. i got a little too into xbox live.
Meet one of her bffs, let's call this bff h, at a mutual friend's birthday bonfire . She told me her friend, now referred to as m, just got out of a relationship and is looking to hook-up with someone .
i always use 3g on my phone because it's very slow when it connects to my wi-fi. i completely forgot that it was still on 3g, and after watching the entire series, i received a nasty bill telling me I had overpassed my internet allowance of 10gb by 300% (30gb)
misread the date for the 26th instead of the 25th and completely missed my entire exam and will now fail this subject because i just couldn't read the fucking date properly.
i was working out at my parents house before work as they have a gym in their basement along with a shower and a laundry room. it was about 90 degrees out so i got a little sweaty and didn't want to go to work all nasty. i see a towel on the floor in the laundry room and grab it and wipe off my face and start to wipe off my chest and a smell hits me.
so my mom got a candle from the flea market the other night, and it reeks. it\u2019s some kind of pomegranate-mint shit, i don\u2019t know. but she loves it. this morning, i was watching tv when i felt a mighty need to toot. i thought to myself, \u201cthat candle smells so nasty. i\u2019m gonna fart on it to make it smell better.\u201d so i bent down in front of the candle and to put it daintily, ripped ass . my favorite skirt is ruined, and my parents\u2019 house reeks of burning and milk
i went to bed at about 6 am last night and woke up at about 8 this morning, only getting two hours of sleep. i was a little melancholy about being alone and not having any plans on valentine's day, and so far the only valentine's day text i had received was from my sister. i wake up at four and have a billion texts from this boy that i really, really, really, like, sent just after i fell asleep, asking if i'd like to go on a date with him at two o'clock. i woke up two hours past that and i feel so
i gestured rather vigorously and spilled the contents on my stomach/lap. i have no idea how to get this stuff clean again and i'm too far to just go home and change :( update: my girlfriend drove over and dropped off a new shirt like a boss.
everyone else brought candy, someone even baked cookies, and while everyone was walking around dropping the candy in the bags i was just kind of awkwardly pacing around.  nobody even saw me, so i think that makes it even worse.
my brother sometimes posts \"innapropriate\" stuff on facebook and im constantly nagging him about it. so today he likes a video entitled \"white girls can twerk too\" and i go apeshit about it, so i message him: this is the result .
i got up at 530am to get ready for work, and am still a little groggy from my ambien i took the night before. i turned on the coffee pot, and the warmer plate up to high because, well, my fianc\u00e9 likes his coffee to go into the thermos hot, dammit. i give him the mug and he sits down to drink it. i go work on some dishes. my ocd starts driving me up the wall knowing i've cleaned all the dishes in the kitchen, but that i can't rinse the coffee pot yet cause there's a sip or two
i left a porn window open on the laptop my wife and i use, and the porn site just happened to be of the 'sissie' variety. i don't fully know what her reaction will be come morning...and i'm a little apprehensive about finding out.
so i am a big insomniac and take ambien cr to sleep, and apparently last night i sent psudo crush a message telling her how i felt entirely in via imessage. i just noticed it, and realized in my high ass state i misspoke a phrase that turns it from sweet and nice, to shallow and conceded.
when i woke up and got dressed, i looked between my newer more comfortable boots and an older and heavier pair. i grab the old pair because they are closer. and that is how i ended up with blisters all over the bottoms of my feet.
i started getting light headed and decided it was time to go to the er . while i'm recovering, i started to get really light headed and puke into the bucket again . the good news is that they gave me enough meds so that i'm not puking everywhere now .
i work front desk at a salon and a woman checked in today with black shit rubbed all over her forehead . i immediately start laughing and walked around my desk informing the lady about the dirt and tried to wipe it off for her with a tissue . She just grabbed my hand before it was too late and explained to me what is was there for as i walked back behind the counter in shame .
my current charge is an arthritic, old sweetheart of a yellow lab . when i stay with him, i camp out on the kitchen floor with him because he gets a little nervous when his family is away . during this particular stay, the family's housekeeper came in to neaten up . She found a toothbrush next to the dog treats on the other end of the counter, and she placed that tooth brush neatly next to my tooth paste where, clearly, it belonged .
my friend and i pretended i lost my phone. We texted another friend of ours, and then sent her the copypasta.  pretending i lost my phone and \"pranking\" the girl was his idea. copypasta was mine.
\"can you help a homeless man?\" \"hey, buddy!\" i called. he turned and looked at me for a second, but looked away and kept going. i tried to hand him the dollar and he was like, \"no, man, it's ok....\" \"c'mon,\" i said. and finally he turned and took the bill from my outstretched hand.
woke up this morning, went and took a shower before work, got out, dried off, grabbed the \"black can of deodorant\" sprayed armpits thoroughly and realized immediately something was wrong.
i received a voice mail to go online and finish my application for the royal bank of scotland, as there were only a few application slots left. i went back online and finished the application around 12 pm, stopping here and there to mess around on reddit and also to listen to some kickass tunes. The application went through and told me i was through to the second stage! (awesome) and to give them a call for an over the phone interview. i called them at 3:45 pm and they told me they had no interview slots left. (not so awesome) damn.
yesterday i taught a class during 4th period and so today that class was supposed to meet 5th period, according to my schedule. nobody showed up for fifth period and i assumed that they had all either forgotten or gone to lunch or that maybe my schedule was wrong. 6th period on my schedule for today is my actual prep (or so i thought) so when i finished work i decided to take a quick snooze. about 10 minutes into the period the principal comes running in and wakes me up saying \"you're supposed to be teaching now get in there!!\" at which point i sprinted upstairs in a nap-like
i went on a blind double date with my best friend, his girlfriend, and one of her friends . we went ice skating and everyone had a really good time . we were texting all week, setting up a date for the weekend and saying how much we were both excited to see each other . now comes today, after having a somewhat personal conversation. and he made the mistake of telling his girlfriend, who is very close with the girl i've started seeing . i receive a very upsetting text message along the lines of \"don't talk to me\"
about halfway through the session my dad gets home. thats when shit got real. my frient had already cleaned everything up except for the bong. so i snagged it and ducked my ass into the bathroom. after locking the door real quick i decided to dump her out. i totally forgot to take the bowl out. it broke into about 5 pieces. he always stashes it in this box that he hides. went ahead and got it.tucked away before he even got inside.
i was given a upgraded rear suspension unit for my bike the other day (hell yes!) the last couple of days have been fiddling around getting it installed and working correctly . so today i see two washers leftover on the workbench. they, i thought were part of the exhaust system. but they didn't fit on the exhaust system, the only thing they fitted on was the suspension link bolts.
when i left on sunday i took *all* of our combined toys back with me . i put them in the non-notebooks compartment of my backpack and went about my week . an hour ago i'm walking into math class, and i guess the weight of that textbook was too much on my bag because as i'm walking in front of the class to take my seat, my backpack's zipper finally snaps and out flies everything .
made fettucine carbonara for my parents, but forgot to cook the bacon before i added it. it was still edible, but nowhere near as good as it should have been.
i was using my galaxy tablet reddit app as a newspaper while i was dropping the kids off at the pool, for those who might not get the last half of the last line, i was taking a dump. i got so tuned into reading all sorts of stuff from the front page that a good long period of time passes by. Decided to put my galaxy down so i can stand up to wipe, get halfway up and then feel myself falling forward, before i know it i've just rammed my head into the bathroom door.
This would make it a lot more interesting imo . This would make it a lot more interesting . This would make it a lot more interesting . This would make it a lot more interesting .
My family was on a road-trip to a wedding about 5 hours away when i got the sudden urge to poop . i didn't want to tell my uncle to stop so i could take a shit, it would've just been weird, i thought . we finally pulled into the parking lot of the marriott and i just go into a full sprint and burst into the lobby . i leave the bathroom but decided i couldn't go back the way i came, because everyone would know who the culprit was .
i pulled into the gas station, and the man asked me how much i told him 20.00. as he walked away, i looked down and realized my boob was hanging out the side of my tank top. i quickly pulled my shirt over my boob, and told myself if he seen it, he won't say nothing, but then again he's probably to busy to see it. all i could stammer out was \"oh, i am so sorry\".. to which he replied \"nothing, to be sorry about, you made my day\", and gave me a toothless grin.
My grandfathers coffin is carried into the church, placed onto its stand and everybody sits down . the vicar reads out a few lines that the immediate family had given him, says a prayer and then asks everyone to stand for the song . my cousin starts to sing too. only, instead of having his usual deep masculine voice, he has the most feminine, high pitch singing voice i have ever heard .
My father is a police officer and i had always been curious about the mace can on his duty belt. When he and his mother were out i got the mace can off of his belt and meaning to spray a bit in my hand (unfortunately i had the mace turned the wrong way), i instead shot myself in the eyes. After several minutes of thrashing i stumbled to the bathroom and flushed my eyes and thought i had recovered. When my father and mother returned they noticed my very red eyes and my father accused me of smoking pot, which i denied and tried to explain what had happened.
i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also British it must be an inevitability . i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also British it must be an inevitability .
multiplying by 1000 when i should have divided by 1000... then arguing my math. On a spreadsheet to the president of the company...then arguing my math.
i tried to explain the 'full on rapist' joke from it's always sunny and it didn't seem to go down well . She didn't get it and it caused an awkward situation as she already thinks i'm quite creepy for some reason .
after a run i decided to drink my gatorade and sit on the bench right next to the parking lot. i get back in my car and as i'm driving home, i realize i left my shirt and phone on the roof of my car. i drive back to the parking lot and in the entrance is my shirt and obliterated phone. After getting torn a new one from my dad i was then phone less, car-less, weed-less, and wallet-less.
my great grandpa left a box of \"chocolates\" on the kitchen counter so i decided...\"what the hell\" and ate a few. after staying up the whole night...i decided to go and look at the box of chocolate. turns out i ate laxatives. called my best friend and told her about it and she just laughs at me; a usuall kylie thing. lesson learned: read boxes tifu by eating chocolate.
gbs is a form of strep throat that is located in your vagina and anus . My so has only gotten sick after he has performed oral on me . My poor love just wants to make me happy and my toxic snatch is trying to kill him!
biology - throws out our lowest test grade, physics - you can miss one test and it won't count against you, ethics . i've already taken 2 and gotten b's on both. now the highest grade i can get in the class is a b if i score 100% on all of the others, which is unlikely .
in my science class, we were finally allowed to drink our ginger beer after the yeast has fermented for days. Having had a smaller bottle than the other groups, and with the ginger beer tasting like joan river's shit, i decided to make a bet that if i drink all of it, i get $5 from my group. they accepted, and thus i fucking chugged that shit. next thing i know i'm fucking stuck in the bathroom having a waterfall of shit coming out of my asshole. and we're fucking out of toilet paper.
sorry for the grammar mistakes. i'm pretty sure we were about to have s@x but i told her that it was my first time and think i blew it.
i noticed a crack on the tripod, where the legs meet the body, but i didn't take any heed of it. i just latched my camera onto the tripod, and decided it was good. it wasn't. my tripod decided that it wasn't gonna hold any weight and dropped my camera.
chinese was the one subject that i never cared about from the start nor did i have the interest in doing chinese a standard level . Despite having learnt chinese for half my life so far, i am still not doing well in the course due to lack of interest . i severely resent chinese because i feel that there would be no point in learning chinese for the next part of my life which i want to go to . i expect to face academic suspension or some sort of school based punishment .
i took an asprin that's designed to relieve migraines, but if it's gonna work at all, it hasn't taken effect yet. i took an asprin that's designed to relieve migraines, but if it's gonna work at all, it hasn't taken effect yet.
/r/tifu has reached 75,000 subscribers . We'll be a year old, but we're still growing at a high rate . What ideas or potential new features could improve /r/tifu?
i usually keep my things locked up since i'm still living with my mother . one late night i got home, i was so stupid to forget to take my purse of coins out of my pocket, which also contains my 8 gb flash drive . Now here i am, stuck and moaning about life. blaming my stupid self for being lazy to stand up, open the 3 locks of my cabinet, turn in the purse, and lock it again. thanks for the concern guys!
as a teenager, i have to text my mother letting her know i arrived at school safely. as i'm walking under a scaffold, i decide to take my phone out and text her. one (and i mean one) drop of rain drips onto it and i didn't give a fuck because i didn't think the drop would do anything. A week later, actually a few hours before i typed this, so i'm at the apple store's \"genius bar\" (a bit pretentious, apple?) and they tell me that water damage isn't covered.
i was taking a trip to the grocery store to buy a few thing for dinner when i looked down and spotted a wallet by the double doors . i had barly picked it up when i heard \"hey drop my wallet theif!\" i turned around to see some pissed off looking neckbeard breathing down my neck. he snatched it out of my hands and proceded to open and accuse me of stealing $300 out of it .
i got carried away yesterday and sent a mass mail to my whole batch at midnight declaring that all the lectures of the next day have been cancelled. i used the registrar's e-mail address as the sender. that must be one of the stupidest mistakes of my life. the actual registrar then sent a mail saying that his account had been \"hacked\" and no classes have been cancelled.
campho-phenique on my eye when my 7 month old starts crying . i realize my error with the campho-phenique and was glad my son snapped me out before this happened . after several rinses and 3 hours later, my eye doesn't burn anymore. it just feels a bit numb.
i arrived at the station at the last minute, the train was pulling into the station. i could have prevented this all together had i not left my wallet at home last fiday and purchased my ticket then. i assume the lady was in such a hurry, she dropped her ticket after purchasing it. she boarded the train...with no ticket.
my temp contract is not being renewed and because i have holidays to take i am off from today. only found out on Friday but feel bad i forgot to tell her til today. now we are both out of a job.
An average looking guy came in and explained that he had accidentally locked his keys in his car while picking it up from the auto repair shop next door . He asked if we had a coat hanger or something that he could use to pry the door open. i told him that we didn't have any coat hangers and that i couldn't think of anything that he might be able to use.
i'm in school and third period rolls around when i notice a massive crotch hole in my pants . the thing stretched from my balls to my ass. to everyone that wasn't aware of my dilemma, it looked like i was trying to conceal an erection throughout the entire day . i tried to cover it up with blue duct tape that i found on a teachers desk, but it just stood out more .
swastikas, penises, racism, sexism, religion-ism, you name it. on the back of the book, there was a picture i drew of jesus, on a cross, crying for help. about a week later, i get called down to the office. the principal, the guidance counselor, and my teacher were all there. when you get down to it, they were making this out to be a cry for help, and using the picture of jesus on the back to convince me that i need therapy.
my only access to the internet is through my phone, because i can no longer afford prices from major telecom providers. i let my boss know what the problem was, and why i couldn't respond to his emails, but he's told me he must stick with his decision. i have worked my ass off for this man, after waiting months for the store to open so i could actually start work.
i woke up this morning pretty early, around 6-6:30 am and wasn't sure what to do until my 9am uni lecture. having not fapped in a few weeks, i thought it was a great idea.  skipping ahead 25 minutes, i've finished and threw away the cum tissue. i decided to lay back in bed for a few minutes before taking a shower, i let my eyes close for the few minutes and when i opened them again it was about 11:30am. effectively falling asleep and missing an important lecture for a test in a few days.
i wanted a wet/dry shop vac for my garage, and bought a bargain one at a liquidator/take-back outlet store. part of the deal was that it was as-is and no return. got it home and realized it had no hose and no attachments, just the extension nozzles.
we went back to my apartment for an after party but i was too drunk and people left because i was falling asleep. Instead of doing what any sane person would do and call it a night, i kept drinking and convinced myself that this night wasn't over. i ended up on a friend's wall from New York and thought it would be a good idea to go visit her, right fucking now. so i bought two bus tickets and then decided i should take a quick nap before leaving. i wake up five hours after the bus left to social media mayhem. tons of people commenting on my state
i let my cousin use my laptop and when i got it back, i saw my mail client open on my throwaway email account . every message was pretty much there for him to see, from my dick pics to craigslist casual encounters responses .
this is the same ankle that i sprained a few months ago, only this time it was much worse. now i can't walk on it for a week, all because i hurt myself going up the stairs.
i'm pretty upset. i'm pretty upset. i'm pretty upset. i'm pretty upset. i'm pretty upset.
my drive way is kinda steep and it had been raining this morning.  anyways, as i jog down the driveway i twist my ankle and slide down the driveway in agony and have to be helped back inside back to the lounge.
i'm at his parent's house with him in the games room and things are getting steamy . having requested for him not to fap for a few days to make his orgasm really powerful, he gets into it pretty intensely . i lean back, pull my pants up, sit down and begin to do the largest, longest queef i have ever heard . it sounds like a diarrhoea fart of the worst kind and last about 30 seconds. the fluid is sputtering out of my cavity like a waterfall accompanied by all the air that'd been pounded in there from the shenanigans 
so i decided to use a cue-tip, to try and get it out. then i noticed that instead of helping, i pushed it further in making my hearing slightly worse. i'm stuck being half deaf for 2 days. gg cue-tip.
i've been fucking this up since Thursday, but the terminal fuckup happened today . The computer sometimes went on for days straight, and sometimes hung on a read/write operation . i'm not sure i can even dd the drive now .
It had been about 2 weeks, and i needed to crank one out. i start getting more vigorous as the session progresses. as i reached for the paper towels (not tissues...i wasn't fucking around) i clumsily knocked them over. as i leaned forward to catch them, the cannon fired directly into my armpit.
i saw about a dozen small plants, slightly larger than a toonie each, with inch-long spikes extending at all angles. my (wimpy) shouts of (mostly surprise and agony soon drew the attention of my squadmates. they were polite enough not to laugh, but the nearest officer had a chuckle as he lent me his multitool to rip the bloody things out.  oddly enough, the large spike sunk a full centimeter into my leg bled not at all, while the tiny spike barely breaking the surface released at least a teaspoon and a half of blood to run down my shin.
i've been visiting my parents in maine for the last month . about five days ago i developed a nasty case of viral bronchitis .  coupled with my asthma, i am way too sick to fly .
my friend texted me right before i got on the biggest, fastest ride, and i guess i forgot to button the pocket when i put my phone back in. got off the ride, noticed a disturbing lightness of my pants, and realized what happened. They said to come back in about 4 hours and they'd check the track. well... [they found it.](http://imgur.com/qzaucqm)
i recently see opposite sex leaving their place while the s.o. is not around. Today i see s.o. car full of their clothes, did they find out on their own??? i passed on a message to s.o. saying, \"you may want to ask about opposite sex that left your place today\"
Went to home depot today to buy stuff for my new (first) house. walked around for about 30 minutes collecting stuff. at the 40 minute mark i looked down and didn't recognize anything in the cart. i proceeded to retrace my steps and found my cart next to the keys cutting machine. i casually grabbed by cart and left op's cart where mine was...
\"i'm glad you found something you like!\" \"Yeah, well my mom normally does all my shopping, so this is a first for me!\" \"well it's good that you're getting out there!\"
my hips just kinda pressed against the sides of the door and wouldn't squeeze through. i tried to back out but my butt wouldn't let me in. Luckily, the neighbor that i called returned home and apparently saw my butt and legs sitting out there. she finally managed to pull me out and got the key to let me in.
as i finished [psychosis](http://creepypasta.wikia.com/wiki/psychosis) i realized that i really had to pee. i'm not sure if the adrenaline from what i was reading masked the sensation, but as soon as i finished reading it felt like there was a flood of urine rushing to escape my body.
my sister is 14 and is a huge drama queen. she over exaggerates everything and always have . we (mostly i) spoke about our feelings towards my parents (divorced, he lives in NYC and she lives in tx, we live with her, he has decided to sue for custody) and emotional issues (she's constantly angry and i'm depressed). we talked for about two hours and then i started rambling and she wasn't responding, so i assumed she was listening and carried on talking. a few minutes later when she did, she told me she felt trapped in her body and like
when in the middle of the night i woke up and thought i was just over sweating in my genitals region . i woke up again and felt it and this time for some god awful reason i decided to smell it and that was a mistake . the worst part of it all my dog likes to sleep under my blankets .
\"My archer ringtone resulted in a very awkward rest of interview wit me leaving swiftly. went home turned on netflix and played an episode of archer.\" \"i luckily obtain an interview at merck, and all seems to be going well up until my ringtone goes off...\" \" my archer ringtone resulted in a very awkward rest of interview wit me leaving swiftly. went home turned on netflix and played an episode of archer.\"
i thought it would be fun to get tipsy and have sex, cause its generally pretty fun. well no that didn't happen. so we were in bed and i've had 5 glasses of wine, feeling the perfect tipsy, i got into my lingerie and m bf was finding us something to watch to set the mood, just for a little fun. and it had been maybe half an hour and i felt something happening, i sat up, and puked into my hand and all over the carpet. so my bf slowly leads me to the bathroom to clean myself up and incase i
i recently went to the dermatologist about these bumps on my skin which i thought were eczema. I have a fairly common condition known as keratosis pilaris. If you're unfamiliar with it, it basically means that hair follicles cannot break through my skin and so they pile up underneath and cause bumps.
i asked one of my coworkers to purchase me a package of googly eyes to decorate these motivational posters for child support . i went out to answer a ticket, i would place another pair of eyes on another poster until i had an [album](http://i.imgur.com/a/sefja) of joy to throw around, thinking \"what harm could be done with some googly eyes?\" a week later, my coworkers get a letter of reprimand stating that they observed me placing googly eyes on a poster and did not report the vandalism .
i made the mistake of eating nothing all day but fruit and ice cream . As evening set in, my insides began to rumble ominously . After yelling at each other for about half an hour, the went and slept into different rooms .
We let our dog off the leash when we reach an open field full of stubble . As we walked up the other pathway, we see a couple with their dog . A few moments later, our dog, nala, goes out of sight, seconds pass and i hear her barking . We have no home insurance to cover it, and we have no home insurance to cover it, and i am a fucking student... but the annoying thing is that the path was right next to a public footpath, and there were no signs saying 'private land, do not tresspass' etc .
today was a day like any other, except that by chance i woke up unusually early. no problem- hop out of bed, usual routine, toss my clothes in the dryer, set timer for longer so they'll be ready in time to get dressed for work, go about my business. right? Instead of twenty minutes, they're in the dryer for an hour and a half. it's important to note that i generally go commando, so there was nothing to protect my bits 'n berries from the searing awfulness that happened next.
after i left blockbuster, i lost touch with james . i decided to text him a video of me masturbating that would hopefully convince him to abandon the new roommate and return to sexy times . i watched the video once before hitting \"send\" and then smiled. the blinking green arrow showing the message was still \"sending\" flashed in my face menacingly. i did a long press on the message to see if there was a \"cancel\" option to no avail.
she tells me about this mental disorder which is fake, i looked it up. she says the exploit this illness and it makes her cut herself. i then joked 'thats why (boy you like) dumped you' and she went ballistic. 3 hours later and i'm going be murdered because i'm insensitive.
i put $102,000 in my bank account at the time. it was probably more like 1,020. so now i owe $900 instead of getting $1400-$1500 back. i submitted a corrected form (due by September 20th) but i'm afraid that its too late to get any of that money i should have. god damn it.
forgot a form of id for a tax form, and now my hiring manager probably won't be interested in rescheduling. I forgot a form of id for a tax form, and now my hiring manager probably won't be interested in rescheduling.
i'd just gotten home from work after an hour commute and really had to go, but i didn't want to abruptly end the conversation after just meeting him . our conversation progressed into discussing our apartments, hobbies, the hassles of moving, etc. at this point i'm feeling immense pressure in my bladder so i sort of cross my legs while standing and shift my weight to clench and hold it a bit longer until the conversation permitted me a polite exit . he ushers me to his door and after looking at his abode (his floor plan was truly bonkers) i finally oblige my bladder and ask if
My high school has two bathrooms on the upper floor, one at the beginning of each wing. between the two wings, there are more classrooms for extra classes. As i usually go on the side i was not going on at the time, i blindly hurried into the ladies' unaware of the difference in my hurry. After about a minute, i hear footsteps, and under the stalls, i can see a pair of very girly looking shoes. i was about to call out, but before i uttered a word, yet another pair of girly shoes enters, and at this point i'm really worried.
fortunately, i was using the urinal at the time, so i was able to quickly switch to the stall, but not before causing irreparable damage to my underwear and pants . the worst part is, i had to go home, shower, and change, making me late for my son's first holiday concert!
i'm absolutely shitted, and decided to treat myself to having a bath, which is a luxury as baths make my hair go weird and so i can't have them during the week as i have to style my hair and all that stupid shit. the bath was shit. the bath water was all from the hot tap, yet there was no hot water in the bathtub. my mum always gets pissed at me whenever i don't wash out the bath as soon as i get out of the bath, so i go to do that, as well as put my jewellery back on and get my clothes from off
i'm planning on leaving my school in new york on the 20th to go on vacation, and then returning home to florida on the 28th .  with the pile of dishes in the sink (shitgargler's duty, but his mom had to work, so) and trash stinking up the dorm, i had enough . i booked a ticket back to Florida for Friday the 13th. what's the worst that could happen? **a lot.** i 100% believed that i had to take the r train to the a train. after hauling my bags and banjo through the station,
as i was watching a video called \"how to boil milk\" and this happened: http://i.imgur.com/3g6jl16.
i live at home, as i'm a senior in high school and recently my so and i have discorvered that we both enjoy some pretty kinky foreplay/sex . while i was at state cross country away from my parents prying over protective eyes i went and bought a cock ring, a riding crop, a corset type lingerie, among some other things . i hadn't unpacked everything yet and my room as a teenager is a horrible mess . my mom always bugs me to clean it and i'm always like, yeah sure mom in a minute. and it
i've been struggling with depression for years now. this past may, in fact, i was hospitalized in a mental ward on account of depressive and suicidal thoughts. i also routinely have anxiety attacks, and, somewhat recently, i've developed an unhealthy habit of avoiding/suppressing anxiety-inducing places, activities, thoughts, etc.
i deleted over 5,000 music files just to be sure there was nothing else i could get in trouble for . tried to play music in itunes later and i was unable to play a singular song because none of the original files could be located .
after i purchased the car, i tried to transfer the title. didn't work out because the signature of the notary doesn't coincide with the rubber stamp on it. i was told to get a bill of sale, but i can't even contact the person who sold it to me: my phone calls are being ignored.
my professor is an old family friend, so i knew him before this class and had his number from a few years back. my boyfriend happens to have the same name as him. he got a new number today, and before i had it saved as \"(his name) 3\", so there was never any ambiguity.  prior to class, i was with my boyfriend, so i hadn't texted him in hours while i had been texting other people, so our convo thread was close to the bottom of all my texts . basically, the text went something along the lines of \"i can't
gum fell out of my mouth and is now entangled into my pubic hair. i cannot move without tugging on the hair and have tried to cut it out, there is so much gum it clogged the scissors.
i took a huge dump that clogged my toilet so i used a hairbrush to smush it up and then disposed of it into my trash can. my boyfriend came into my room a few minutes later and asked why are you throwing away this perfectly good hair brush. he was holding the shit end.
i ran over a stick that was in the bike path, and it flipped up into my spokes . i'm skidding along like a cartoon character with really only my face touching the ground, plus one elbow, the opposite wrist, my neck, and one side of the handlebars . my left side of my face is made up of road rash, and i've got a chunk taken out of my chin .
now i have an argument with my mother who btw is the devil, and so i left and went over to my fiance's house. His brother usually doesn't get home till around 4:30 from what i have seen in the past; but today was different. my fiance's brother apparently comes home and lucky for me i had put pants on because i was getting cold, but i was still only in a bra on the top. he decides to check who is home, not knowing that i'm here and knocks once then opens the door. i see, get up, run to the closet and
goodbye until Monday, reddit! i had every intention of subscribing. still, a free week is a free week; i just wasn't even thinking.  farewell until Monday, reddit!
while holding the baby he let go a fart of all farts, or so i thought(sounded like an orchestra of tuba players) while she was changing him i decided to eat my delicious five layer beef burrito. When the taste hit my taste buds i immediately start puking everywhere, on her newly shampooed carpet, on her microfiber couch, and all on myself.
i was doing some yardwork to help my parents out and had gloves on for most of the time. at the very end when i was done, i had to put some of the ivy and weeds i had chopped in a trash bag and somehow some poison ivy got mixed up in the bunch. i wiped sweat right above my eyes/eyelids and had to readjust by boys because the pants were a little tight. the next morning, i spotted the poison ivy on my hand and new it was about to get bad.
i'm trying to repress the memory already from how unbelievably, horrifyingly gross it was . they were all over the last remaining scone, evidently trapped inside with no way out . i did not scream like a little girl, probably because i still had a full mouthful of the awful bread in my mouth .
i grabbed the whole pile and put it in the machine. nearly had a heart attack when i pulled it out! i can't see any damage but i'm not going to stop panicking until she's back from work and has had a look at it.
we only had cold water in our dorm since a few days ago . the plumber came over in the morning and i had the hangover of my life . while he was in the bathroom to fix the water heater, it just got worse. i ran into the bathroom and threw up like i never did before. when i finished, i turned around and he gave me the most awkward look ever.
My sister's laptop has been dead for a few years and i wanted to fix it . I open the hard-drive to see what's in the video folder . An ordinary bed had my sisters boyfriend laying butt-naked on top of it . i immediately deleted the video and began formatting the hard-drive .
when i was still in high school and masturbated a lot . i was reminded of this incident when i read /u/ejaculator123's [post](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1kgsc7-tifu_by_ejaculating_while_my_dad_hugged_me)
i met my best friends sister two days ago, she's incredibly cute but it was his sister so i thought i'd talk to him about it first . he says it's fine hook up, whatever, but then i did, twice, while he was home. he told me to stop but i didn't, i called her and we hooked up a third time . Later that night, my other good friend's ex from 2 years ago hits me up to hang out . she and i were always good friends and i'm pretty sure my buddy is completely over her so
i'm a senior in college whose hobby is online gaming. His dad tells me that isaac wants to play wii sports with big cousin listenlouder . i'm smart enough to know that i'm supposed to lose. i hit a clutch 3 to take the lead (my first of the day) and isaac. uncle tells isaac that he can't win everything and does the whole fatherly thing, but i'm in the zone now.
i try to put my phone in my pocket but it slips from my hand, falls on the floor and slides over in the next stall. i can see my phone laying next to the person's shoe. i don't hear any movement so i clean myself as quickly as i could, wash my hands and waited for the stall to open. 5 mins go by, i am just standing outside awkwardly with no sign of the other stall opening. i can see part of my phone from under the door. so i say fuck it and reach to grab it myself. as i am bending to pick up
i found a $50 bill in the parking lot of a mall near my work, it was the most money i've ever found. i was so happy that i had been staring at the bill all day, i instagrammed it. i kept it in my pocket, feeling it all day to make sure it was real.
i was lying down on my bed, sonar mode engaged, when i heard footsteps nearby . my dick brushed up against my thigh or my pants or something, then i knew i wasn't going to be able to control it . my dad does this thing where he will randomly tell me that he loves me, sometimes with a hug, and i really don't mind it, i'll even say it back and all. but this time as he hugs me i can just feel myself coming in my pants, while i awkwardly maintain my crotch as far away from his body as humanly possible .
i tried to remove pressure that stuck too well to a large piece of glass that brought tension upwards (like peeling a band-aid from your skin) hopefully this will be a warning lesson to some so that they can avoid doing the same things and learn from my misfortune.
out of shape, nervous, anxious, and full of pee, i stepped up to the group of girls preparing for the race. i tried to keep up with the leading runners, oblivious to their varsity status. on the first lap, i wasted all my energy.  comfortably in the middle of the pack, i started hyperventilating and got a side stitch. i just noped out of the race. tears, walking, more hyperventilating, just the epitome of a screw up.
initially, i thought it was just another one of those gas cramps. but it soon became almost unbearable and overwhelming.  ended up sharting on myself.  quickly lost all interest on my final and try to ask the prof if i can be excused for bathroom. did a walk of shame all the way to the bathroom while clenching whatever mess i still had brewed inside. turns out the shit stained my shorts.
i was going to pick up a friend from the airport and decided to take the trash out on the way with my dog in tow. i had a box that was full of packing peanuts so i brought along some scissors to break down the box when i had emptied those out. i didn't want to put the scissors point down in my pocket risking a stab to the leg, so i put them in point up amd road myself to bring careful. i got to the dumpster and was pouring the packing peanuts out of the box when my dog spots a squirrel and jumps out the window.
i realize about half-way in that the fan blowing on high is blowing directly onto where our body's intertwined .  suddenly, what sounds like a massive trumpet note blares from my vagina . i try to hold in the laughter as he is about to finish. he pulls out, and i can hold it no longer .
I recently softmodded my wii to play gamecube games saved to a flash drive . All of my save data from the past 10 years or so of all the games i've played on the gamecube is gone .
having lice in your hair is one thing - but having a constant itch in your pubes? my gf asked me if i was sick or something, because i was walking like a penguin who just got shot in the crotch. at the end of the date, i could barely walk home with her, and she was getting really suspicious.
after two pretty dynamic howto 101 videos, im thinkin this shit is easy . my head looked like half a cut lawn, so continuing . my parents come home and bust out laughing at my not funny humor attempt .
i'm home from college for my dad's birthday weekend and i bought him apple tv, which allows you to watch netflix, itunes stuff, and livestream your ipad/iphone/laptop . there is an inconspicuous button near the play button on my ipad (when it plays videos) that will start livestreaming whatever is on there to the tv, and it will kick off netflix or even another computer currently streaming . i'm not sure if the button was on by default from the last time i had my ipad on or if i turned it on on accident, but it was lit up when i was
i'm not a frat guy nor a \"partier\", but i was also no stranger to the party scene . i suddenly catch a guy playfully poking the breast of the girl next to him . he continued to play with her breast, and then loudly and deliberately asked \"is.. is your right one bigger than your left one?\"
A friend of mine told me that if you put a potato on your arm overnight and then the next morning you tap the area with a spoon you arm will break. i cut some red potatoes in slices and put them in a sock and slept with my hand in there. the next morning i tapped my hand and it resulted in a broken bone.
i decided not to poo in the toilets at all but hold it till i would get home . As soon as the festival was over and i sat at my throne at home i started pressing . After i was finished i looked down in the bowl and saw a really big sausage divided in 4 sections . I'm sure it can't be much harder than the twenty minutes i released this demon into the world .
\"We do not live in the nicest part of town. at all. we live in what has been deemed \"the ghetto\" by some\" \"i can hear my neighbors near the laundry room yelling, \"what dumb ass nigga put mother fucking cardboard boxes in this bitch\" \"i was the dumbass nigga.* another voice shouts \"god damn juan we know it was you nigga where the fuck you at\"
i was infected with typhoid fever which apparently is caused by ingesting someone else's fecal matter . well that was me, i've never had someone wipe my ass before and i felt great. well that was me, i've never had someone wipe my ass before and i felt great.
One of the most regretted moments of my entire life; right behind my crazy ex girlfriend. i then proceed to fall to my knees in despair and chalk that moment up to one of the most regretted moments of my entire life; right behind my crazy ex girlfriend. i then proceed to throw it behind me in surprise and disgust. then the flames come up from the stage and light up the room so i can now see my hands covered in fake blood and i realize that i have just thrown away till's knotted up, blood covered, butchers glove.
when i walked out to the kitchen, adjoined to the living room, i was greeted by a middle aged man and his 3 6 or so year old children. They were buying our pet guinea pig. the children tuned their attention from the stupid little animal just long enough for them to see my penis flapping as i ran down to my room.
oyster crackers are delicious, one cannot just have a few. However one should not eat 13 servings in one sitting because one is bored on a rainy saturday. now i am super full and feel like crap damnit.
i work on dirt roads and recently we got some precipitation which of course caused the roads to become muddy. with the mud caked all over and in my pickup it started to shake badly at highway speed. i was trying to take the caps off to see if some of the lugs were loose so i used what i had in my hands, my keys, to pry one of them off. bent the key.
fluttershy is the center of my social experiment. Since these pups will soon be fit to be taken away from their mother, i was going to use shy as a way to figure out how many bronies live in my area, outside of high school and college . the fact that the pup is named after a pony from a tv show escaped from everyone, until today, when, in a discussion about amnesia, i mention alois from the justine dlc of amnesia .
my neighbor saw the smoke and thought it was my ac. being the helpful guy that he is he went over to tell us. my dad then went to look at my ac and saw the cigarette butts in the window. he hasn't said a word to me since.
My coworker forgot to print the weekly labor reports, which are required for payroll . we soon found out when the alarm deafened us, the phone started ringing, and a police car showed up in front of the restaurant . my manager was very pissed off at us, and now does not trust us to close .
workmate started to talk about how much he doesn't like that i get joked around with (witch i'm totally ok with) Fast forward one hour and i'm in the car on my way home and i get a phone call from the work-leader who told me he had with the guy from before that i was tired of their crap and was done being bullied... and this was not how i expected it to be so now there is a shitstorm brewing and i fear for the one who was \"protecting\" me will get shit for this and worst case loose his work... now all day i try to
when teaching about an important technique in the course i tell them \"this is a big stick; make sure you know how to whack it\" this is what i get for obsessively writing down hilarious no-context quotes from my teachers when i was younger!
i was driving to work and hit a cat with my car. i stop to check to see if he is dead, he is not. so i get a box from my car and place him in the box and put him in the back seat. i phone around and find the only vet clinic open is twenty miles away in the next town. i drive to the clinic and go around and open the passenger door of my car to get the box with the cat in it out.the cat then suddenly comes to life and bolts out of the car.
i was on a lunch date with a woman i really like and she got frisky with me and decided to give me a blow-job .  near the end i got stupid and decided that obviously she wanted me to come on her face so that's what i did all porn-style (i pulled out then \"aimed\" at her face) well some of it got in her eyes and she freaked out.
i am scum. this is going to blow up so hard, and i don't know how to get out . this is going to blow up so hard, and i don't know how to get out .
i was engaged in a sexual relationship with a girl when she ended it . Eventually, after some complaints she made about money, i offered to fill up her gas tank for sex . She agreed and she continued for a couple weeks prostituing herself for other monetary gains . i can't stand the thought of my sexual desires outweighing my propensity for human decency .
I was at a guy friend's house; we were drinking a few beers...i was drunk. I got up to go to the bathroom, thought I just had to pee. Once sitting on the toilet i decided I had to poop; being drunk, i thought it was a *great* idea to poo. because the string of my tampon got a little \"dirty\", i took it out. he didn't have a trashcan in there, so i dropped it in the toilet and flushed. in my drunken state, i just stared at the overflowing toilet as the shit water gathered around my feet
i got this girl's number through work. she's nice. she's fun. she's cool. we're texting, shooting shit, when she says she is a fluffophile. naturally, i have no idea what that is. a fluffophile is a person who has sex with furries. like she was saying she wanted me to wear a panda suit or something. i sent a text that revealed everything i jerk off to. including: beastiality (dog on girl), furries, anime, bdsm torture, things of that nature. she didnt reply for about an
dropped off the 3.5 year old daughter at mom's house. put said ipad on top of the \"crossover man its a cross over\" take all pink things, cuz like the ipad has, err had, the nice super otterbox in the super pink, anyway it was pink and help her out of the car with all the things. off to the front door of mom's and i'm back in the car off to work late and thinking of all the things i could have mentioned or said when i hear a thump. well i get on the highway for my commute to work and i am
i accidentally lumped one of the papers that needed to be displayed with the ones being recycled. i have to walk through the public floor to get the room with papers. i see this homeless guy at one of our tables with a shitload of our magazines spread out everywhere. he also has his hand down his pants and his arm was pumping up and down. i wasn't exactly sure if he was pleasuring himself (he could have had an itch) until i got the room and opened the door, which is behind him, and he jerks his hand out of his pants and looks back at me. 
i'm sitting in class with my legs crossed and i somehow get a really bad front wedgie when i stand up from my desk . As i'm peeing i'm freaking out, trying to figure out what the rubber is, when i realize the toilet is full of blood . i guess what had happened is in class, part of the lab got stuck in the lace of my thong, as i walked i further got it stuck, and when i pulled down my thong, it ripped that part right off .
My co-worker's birthday is today, so on the way to work i stopped at the grocery store to surprise him upon his arrival.  cookies seemed the less-messy alternative, although my only choices were oatmeal raisin and candy-coated m&m. a bunch of cookies toppled to the ground just as a customer was rolling her cart down the aisle. i quickly grabbed the oatmeal raisins and booked it. thankfully my coworker -- and the office -- loved the cookies.
i couldn\u2019t keep my toes warm, and so try as i did to just enjoy myself, the weather, the outdoors . my torso was fine. the hat on my head kept everything on top nice and toasty . i started massaging my bare feet, i don\u2019t know if it felt good, because my feet were so cold, it was like they were transferring that chill to my hands .
i'm in my second year at university, majoring in art. i had an assignment about six weeks ago that i managed to persuade a friend of mine to model for me. she agreed provided that i didn't draw her face. i took photographs of her in the required poses and loaded them on to her laptop so that i could draw from them and then delete them when i was done. the work would still be done in a day but she'd be more comfortable while i worked. this was fine except that while she went out to the bathroom or to get something to eat etc.
i'm scared as fuck guys. need advice. The store has a no return policy and i would get fucking screwed if i don't return it.
i woke up with diarrhea and stomacheaches. well one of the jump scares actually made me jump. that motion caused me to spew \"mud\" all up my back down my legs a little on my balls a good puddle on my bed and a trail of \"mud\" from my bed the the toilet.
i'm not normally a racist individual, but something that night made me racist lol. i walk up, (keep in mind that i dressed up in a penguin costume) they all start saying shit and i grow the biggest pair of testicles and say \"shut up, nigger!\" and slap one of them in the face. Also keep in mind i'm not a very big dude (5'9\" 135lbs) they rage in anger and follow me outside and i proceed to get jumped by 3 giant black dudes.
i told her to add my skype. right when she adds me a look of shear disgust and hatred rolls over her face. i havent used skype in 5 years. only thing i can think of is my friends changed it years ago... i wanted to die.
at school my greeting to everyone i know and meet is a fist bump or if i'm being formal a handshake. this morning i arrive at school and head to the lunch room to hang out with my friends. i get there and none of my friends are there just this girl whose name i don't know but she hangs out with my friends so i offer a fist bump. now since i've know this girl i've offered a fistbump everyday since school started and she has rejected it and i dont really push it. when she see's me offering the fist bump she instantly gets pissed
i was making a piri piri marinade so chopped up some chillies . unfortunately, i didn't wash my hands thoroughly enough . i didn't feel it mid wank but now, after all is said and done, my penis feels like someone rubbed molten rock over my glans .
I'm not a religious type but i basically said i'd do volunteer work if the g man delivered me through the day unscathed . my kidney hurts, my tongue feels like a cheese grater and my mouth tastes uncannily like my own blood . the girl professed her affections for me... no idea why .
one day my phone ran out of battery and as i had to call her to discuss childcare i used the girlfriend's phone to do it . those digits only stop the caller id on fixed line phones, not mobile phones . Now, each of them has the other's number and if the shit ever hits the fan with either of us, i will worry that one might phone the other and bitch about me or worse .
i haven't had ice cream in months. been trying to lose weight + save money.  swung by a 711 and got a small tub. i had 2, 3, no cookies. i had 2, 3, no cookies. i look at the cover. it's chocolate chip. somebody kill me now.
My 1999 pontiac grand am se has a pretty big oil leak(and coolant) The leak was coming from a plastic connector of some sort that looked like it connected to the engine block. The connector was loose so i decide to buy a super glue and other types of stuff that could basically/hopefully keep it plugged tight. i put the glue on it and waited 3 hours before trying to start my car, when i did try to start my car it didn't even turn over. now i have a dead car and a plug/connector thing that's super glued in place.
when i was a freshman i was in jrotc (junior reserve officers' training corps) during the colder months we would wear our full class a's with the jacket. sometimes i would just throw on a wrinkled one just because i didn't have a fresh clean one ready. i managed to live that down and at least i didn't go to inspection with a piss-soaked shirt on, but that was probably my biggest fuckup ever.
i had been called in to work a little earlier than usual this morning, but thankfully it was just work in one area just outside my house. at some point between the time i rolled out of bed and when we left to go do our running for the day, my ring slipped off my finger and disappeared. i checked everywhere i had been, and there's no sign of it.
i work at a sandwich shop with one of my really good friends, so naturally we're faffing about the whole time. He replies \"i'm gonna kick the door open when you start pooping\" so there i am, sitting on the toilet in defense mode when the door just starting opening. All i could think to do was pull my pants up and go straight to the back. where i remained for a good 5 minutes.
went to the gym more often. went but lasted 10 mins. eat healthy. ate pizza for breakfast. read more. ended up on reddit.
my gf got a used desktop in exchange for baby-sitting for her bosses . She's been promised this one for a while but they just finally got around to it . After the friend left, i was semi-successful using a side-loader for windows to install .
I have too many things plugged into the same power line and when I turned it on, the circuit breaker would flip . After realizing that i had to have the switch to the outlet on in order to have my space heater on, i figured all i needed to do was give the bulbs a half a turn to break the circuit . i start to slowly twist the first bulb waiting for the satisfying click, but was dumbfounded that it didn't rest into a designated slot .  still wondering why the light didn't have a specific way to turn it off without a switch. eventually i get to a point
i have a family friend living with me, he has aids, hep c, and some type of kidney cancer, all from homosexual intercourse . he is living with us because he can't afford rent, he has been doing this for the past year . so he is sleeping in my computer room, and often times, i forget he is even there .
i was too lazy to change the problem. i accidentally clicked the internet explorer logo, as opposed to google chrome's.. i was too lazy to change the problem.
i love this girl with all my heart and soul, but my ex guilt tripped me into getting back with her, and i realized what i was doing, and freaked out and broke up with her, and i told the girl i love what happened, and she hasnt responded since...
my mom asked me if i could paint my sister's old room so that it would cover the awful design and ungodly amounts of blood on the walls . i managed to get paint everywhere and i mean everywhere. my arms, my hands, the walls, the back of the cat's head, it was bad . my dad is an asshole with a twisted sense of humor? he came outside and started clicking a damn lighter at me saying \"hope it don't catch!\"
i think i probably fell asleep a little after 10 but randomly woke up around 1am and couldn't fall back to sleep. at 2:05 i decided to just get up and do stuff because it was clear i wasn't going to fall asleep anytime soon. got on my laptop, played some dishonored, went on reddit (have you read [the story of her holding an orange](http://www.reddit.com/r/nosleep/comments/10nadn/i_am_a_grown_logical_man_crying_tears_of_horror/)? it's
i happened to bite off a piece of the straw, and while the small piece was still in my mouth i accidentally breathed in too hard effectively lodging the small piece of plastic into the back of my throat. i instantly start coughing with no luck of removing it, then almost immediately after my gag reflex begins to kick in. i make it no more than 5 steps and then begin to projectile vomit the burrito i had for lunch all over a nearby wall.
not only is it a mess, but now some of my keys are more difficult to press. damn you nature valley . Not only is it a mess, but now some of my keys are more difficult to press.
i'm on holidays and my second session of exams (just finished the first one) is beginning in less than 10 days . well i figured (since once people think you're good with computers you're some kind of divinity who can do anything comp related in a wink) i would say \"no\" for once. he tried to make me feel bad about it and now him and my grandma are giving me the &#3232;_&#3232; face cause apparently [i have the time since i'm only playing games on mah computer...](http://arch.413chan.net
My friend and i had smoked the night before, and for some reason, this made me an insomniac and i couldn't sleep that night as a result. while he was asleep, i found myself redditing, reading some good threads/a surprisingly good dane cross ama, and then, [this](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/1ctqjr/what_is_the_scariest_thing_youve_on_the/c9jwfix) comment in the \"scariest shit on the internet\" thread.
when i got home i had this unrelenting urge to take a shower and shave the area surrounding my penis . so i did it but midway through fucking panic attack and passed out, then when i woke up my dick looked like gollum's head and my bathroom was covered in pubes .  also my entire downstairs region now feels like it's on fire .
i was in the mall today with some friends. we were buying food at the very crowded food court and i witnessed a young girl, maybe 2 years old, get momentarily separated from her mom. she turned around so i put my hand on her head to gently lead her in the direction of her mother. she immediately starts wailing.
i was trying to sell a video recording gig to a lady at a festival that my school set up. i kept going quieter and quieter until she put a dollar in the donation jar and walked away.
i have been wanting to get into linux and learn more about, so i tried the demo, and it seemed cool. today i decided to install it on my laptop, and when i was installing it i chose the wrong method, and it deleted everything. i was hoping to dual boot, but now i am having to trail by fire and learn my new system.
My girlfriend is a vegan, and i am very much so a carnivore . She wanted me to try it for a day or two . i don't know if any of you know what quinoa is, but it's a grain kind of like rice but its healthier and has a lot of fiber .
i and my family were eating lunch together and i was drinking pepsi and my grandmother, let's call her nonnie was with us at the time(note: slightly senile, ok, senile) then, nonnie started pouring pepsi into her soup. we shit bricks laughing and i had a lot of pepsi in my mouth and it all dribbled out back into the cup and on the table. we shit bricks laughing and i had a lot of pepsi in my mouth and it all dribbled out back into the cup and on the table.
my right hand is weak and un coordinated. My left nut is like sore, hard, heavy, red, hot to the touch, and twice the size of my right boy. My plan to exercise like crazy and clean my system before my drug test is out the window..
my father in law volunteered to install the software for me while i was at work and i (foolishly) agreed. when i finished i closed the laptop and got ready to go to work. fast forward 2 hours. father in law is over to install while i'm at work, he opens my laptop to install the software and boom- some girl getting railed at full volume. oopsie.
i accidentally **sold** it last week to abebooks for $75. turns out that if i fail to return it to amazon, have to pay $184 now to 'buy' it. i doubt there is any way to get it back now.
mistyped command and made entire hard disk inaccessible. have to have it working by Jan.6 . Have to have it working by Jan.6 .
i believe this happened only because my father would get on me about keeping my cash folded in my front pocket instead of my wallet. \"you're going to lose it\" he would always say. now it's a lesson learned.
posted a story here early in the am about what happened to me over the last few years under what is my default username for everything . found out when i woke up that my best friend and a bunch of my other friends knew about it because it had hit the front page . thank god the people mentioned in it didn't find out, but it could have been terribly devastating .
sitting outside smoking when the urge to fart hit me it was a normal fart until the end. cant believe i was 30 before i had one.
i am living with my aunt and uncle, and my uncle was deployed to sudan last month . so i had to take care of his precious prize winning birds for the winter . i went to take a look at the birds, one bit the dust, the other was sent to their maker, expired, kicked the bucket, etc. etc. my uncle's father (also a birdkeeper, like father like son) came to take a visit and was shocked! so he sent my nephew to scold me saying \"how dare you disrespect my father\"
now i have to either shell out another $200 or wait another two years until my insurance will buy me another pair. this is pretty close to first world problem, but i still feel like a fuckup.
i was on the phone this morning with a field agent coworker and we were talking about an account that was having issues with getting paid. all of a sudden she brings up paula deen mentioning that she is having a crappy week. i agreed saying it sucked she was losing all of her deals for admitting to using \"that word\" and those are the exact words i used \"that word\" i had grown up hearing that word from my grandfather (who has an uneducated farmer who grew up during the depression) and that he never meant it in bad way that it's just the word he used to describe a certain
i go back to my home country every now and then to see the family . Every time i'm going home i can activate some sort of internet bundle that will give me 750mb mobile data for like 8/month . After two weeks i leave the country and forget about my home sim completely .
i was biking and a bee flew in my face i started spitting everywhere and there was this couple with a stroller and in my frenzy i crashed into the stroller and was yelled at for a good 30 minutes about how I could have killed the baby .
since borderlands 2 was 10 dollars today on xbla, i asked my friend for 800 ms points. all is good. i now owe him 10 dollars. but of course dumb ass me decides he would use his mom's card information!
typically only posts ive read display leaving the rest of the page blank . This page was last modified on July 2, 2012 . This page was last modified on July 2, 2012 .
i am one of the few assholes who actually gets the newspaper delivered to my apartment (so i can clean my windows and start bon fires easier) i hit my head on the bottom of a fire extinguisher metallic compartment, and honestly, the alone hurt like a mother. bleeding at the crown of my eye, blood poured down to my forehead and face as my one foot caught in the railing as well as your dolce gabana light blue perfume made it extremely difficult to get off you.
thank you people of reddit. you helped me through a very awkward time. my most horrifying moment, had no consequences, gave me (small) internet fame, helped me find this subreddit, and made me think, \"well, at least i haven't shat upon myself... yet\"
i'm moving to florida in about a month, and my mom has been bugging me about cleaning out my bedroom for a long time now. i finally got around to cleaning out my desk yesterday, which is completely filled with crap. i'm kind of a hoarder and it is filled with old papers and random items from the past four years. in one drawer i kept all my old birthday cards. in one drawer i kept all my old graduation cards. about an hour ago i decided to do some more cleaning and came across one of my graduation cards with a check in it.
i picked up a pile of dirty clothes on my bedroom floor to put them in the wash basket, proceeded to walk into the bathroom and put the clothes in the toilet... took me a few seconds to realise what i had done while looking at my clothes in the toilet and fishing out the ones at the bottom of the pile was not fun.
i just bought the guitar and hid it in our room. she just subtly gave me hints that she knew what my wedding surprise was.  turns out she was just spewing random shit and didnt know there was a guitar at home. instantly regretted it as soon as i opened my mouth.
i had a cake and poured myself a huge glass of chocolate milk . i then turned on my xbox to watch some tv. about half way through a walking dead episode i decide it is a good idea to take a sip of chocolate milk while putting the cake down on the table . i was so invalided with the show i shoved the cake in my face and pour the chocolate milk on the floor, thus breaking my xbox .
it is my dad's birthday tomorrow.. i've checked and i have extremely little money to my name and the wave of shame and guilt about being drunk last night is hitting me!
After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I realised it after a few minutes walk . After a few minutes walk, I
I accidentally stabbed myself in the ring finger of my right hand . It looked like a minor cut, less than half an inch wide, but it was deep . I was told that my hand will never actually regain full mobility, as tendon injuries have a very low full recovery rate .
apparently the chemicals in lysol do not agree with sensitive tissue . i tried water and it didn't put it out, so i sat down and waited in pain until it stopped .
My 5 year old cousin is obsessed with punching people in the stomach and genitals . He punched me in the stomach like he's fucking lil' mac from punch out . As i fell from being punched, i lost my footing on the stairs and accidentally slapped him full force across the face . Due to the slap, he falls down the stairs, causing him scrapes, a black eye, and a burning hatred towards me .
Our relationship had grown extremely stale, and sex was nonexistent due to the lack of emotional connection . She finally gave me an ultimatum; either i left or she would. and so i left. Fast forward to today, while i am getting a haircut from a lovely lady who has just gone thru the process of separating as well. in my excitement i forget that i'm in the wrong chat thread. yeah. in my excitement i type madly away, with this stupid grin on my face, hot hairdresser clip clipping, and presto! first message sent. keep typing, still grinning like a schoolboy with a crush
i have a 1967 gibson skylark, it's a small 5w tube amp . i restored it to working order by doing a full filter cap replacement and adding a 3-pronged ac cord, all without killing myself . i got distracted by my roommate after i tested the amp and my dumb ass forgot to unplug it. my right hand made contact with one of the wires and the ground and i felt electricity shoot straight up my arm .
it's been over three months since the fuck up of the week was updated. is it just not a part of this subreddit that is cared about? i've messaged the mods twice about this.
unfortunately, my penis had somehow slid through the little slot in the crotch so anyone who was in front of me could see it.  fortunately, i was close to the wall and facing it so no one but the teacher saw it.
i was redditing on my phone at work and saw an nsfw post that i clicked on. then i get a message from coworker a so i put my phone down on my desk face up.  coworker b walks over to my desk to talk to me. i had to leave to help the coworker a with the original issue so i tell coworker b that he caught me at a bad time and i had to go. i look down at my phone and notice that there's a gif of a girl getting splooged on repeating over and over again in plain view.
i saw my coworker's status was online so i just assumed he was in his office and i could talk to him anytime . well i actually hadn't even started on it and went to my coworker's office to start talking about it. even though his chat status was online, he was actually working from home.
when i went to say \"there are too many fucking chiefs,\" instead i yelled at my (indian) boss \"there are too many fucking indians\" in the middle of a crowded office.
i tried this new cereal we got and i fell in love. i ate that new box and fell asleep. i woke up running to the bathroom.
immediately after i started carving i put my hand near where i was cutting because i was lazy the carver slipped as i was carving and i cut along my thumb and bled everywhere. had to go to sick bay and get it bandaged. It's still bleeding its 6:40pm i have home economics, i wont be able to and to make things worse were making nachos.
after we got off the phone i decided to mix together some liquor and get a lil tipsy seeing as much wouldn't go on the next day . After seeing all the typos and \"drunk language\" lesson learned, alcohol does not bring out the inner charisma (not sure how it works on other)
on my way back, my board lost it's grip and i got thrown off . because the ground was wet from the rain a slipped and my board went into the street where [it got hit by another car and broke.](http://i.imgur.com/4sgfuem.jpg)
i was 'browsing' an imgur album that i found on /r/nsfw, when i dropped my phone. it landed on my chest, and long pressed down on an image, pressing the share button. Luckily, i canceled before i pressed the confirm button. i've spent the last ten minutes desperately checking my timeline just to make sure it's not there.
i lost track of when the test was and about three weeks ago i found out that the test was rapidly approaching . i bought an sat2 practice book to learn a years worth of information ive yet to learn . i bubbled in all my answers on the back of the packet instead of the second page of the packet .
because it's tailored, it doesn't have material labels and such. after wearing it once and washing it, it needed to be ironed. i now have burn marks all over and i have two wedding receptions to go to this evening. fuck.
in my infinite wisdom, during my first drug test, i pissed in the toilet, and then decided to sort of \"scoop\" the piss-water mixture out. not like i didnt know to pee in the cup, my brain just told me to do something else.  needless to say, i feel absolutely fucking retarded.
My boyfriend's house has been having plumbing problems . Toilets tend to back up and won't flush . Water does go down within a few hours, so i got my boyfriend's okay to use the toilet . He said as long as there was just one flush it should go down .
my attempt to be sexy for a lady friend backfired, and now it looks like i have herpes. needless to say there won't be any sexy times in the near future.
i'm hanging out with one of my closest friends that's a girl. we're saying goodbye giving hugs i really wanted to kiss her for a few reasons. i wanted to know if i had what it takes to initiate a kiss (i've been a shy one all my life) and i wanted to see what would come of it.
i mooned two full grade levels of students twice today. thank god i did wear underwear. Due to the increased safety regulations after sandy hook and all, we have a very strict one door policy in our school, in that everyone has to enter and exit only one door in the building unless there is a fire alarm. i suppose i should clarify that due to the increased safety regulations after sandy hook and all, we have a very strict one door policy in our school, in that everyone has to enter and exit only one door in the building unless there is a fire alarm.
i woke up this morning with a headache, only to see my credit card out on my desk by my computer with a website still open. well, in order to message her, i needed a 13.99 monthly subscription. well, i submit my payment, and apparently i signed up for the 6 month subscription, and $87.00 was charged to my account.
she has been seeing another guy for the past 3 months. now here i am, heartbroken and kicking myself, clueless as to how i am going to move on.
i'm a junior in college after getting left out of a lease by a few friends of mine . i decided to check out an apartment complex that did roommate matching since i was unable to supply my own . i moved into the place in august and things were going...decent. but then shit went down hill fast. i began posting ads for subleasers and looking for new apartments. i began posting ads for subleasers and looking for new apartments.
the dried sriracha plug failed after i had applied about enough pressure to the bottle so as to send a mist in the very deepest depths of my naso-pharnyx .
i woke up late today, and had to catch the train, so i took a liquid breakfast. i just drank some soy milk and darted out of my house.  thing is, it wasn't soy milk. it was regular milk, and here's the kicker; i'm lactose intolerant. immediately, i just get horrible gas, and feel super bloated, and my motion sickness from the moving train wasn't helping either.
i'm not very outspoken, so it took me until final exam day to work up the courage to ask her out . i noticed i was losing sleep because i was thinking about her with another guy . i realized that the loss of sleep and appetite thing was something i had experience my freshman year of high school .
we picked up street hookers and had sex with them for 45 euros. for things to be worst, they were in the street where drug addicts hang around. i had fully protected sex with a prostitute (only 2-3 minutes in regular pose) no oral, no anal. no kissing, licking, touching. we had condom all the time.
i woke up this morning to wash them one more time but all i can see all over the \"clean\" blankets is chunks.  partially chewed, thrown up and then washed, apple chunks to be exact.
after watching the second or third last episode one night we were having a few (quite a few) adult beverages with some pals.  shortly after, it was forgotten and the night went on. fast forward a couple days, and we're talking about oz right before watching the finale, when i apologize for spoiling it for her.
i put some computer analytic tools on my USB so i could check up on my computer in fears of having a bad memory leak . i proceed to do my work when suddenly the pa system says \"spartan117au, please come to the office immediately\" i have no idea why i am being sent up to the office and am a little bit shakey. see, at our high school, if you are called to the office you have either forgotten your lunch or you are screwed for something. i go in and the principle begins to explain that a number of malicious virus entered the system through a computer that
every day since the incident i have had urges to shit but when i sat down only one loud airy fart would come out. i could finally feel something long and hard exiting my ass, i was so happy. i woke up and prepared for work then i felt hella rumble in my stomach. i shot out a small round rocket ship then began peeing out of my ass with no end in sight.
i decided to sit down at the table and chill for a while and there was an ikea catalog in a pile of junk mail . there was a picture of a person with their mouth open so i did what any classy drunk person would do. the book had pages and pages of all kinds of weird shit. i put the book back like normal assuming my dad would find it later and laugh at it. he later told me that he gave it to the neighbor lady because he doesn't shop at ikea.
i got home from work and as per usual i hopped on reddit. today i had been slightly more gassy than usual but i thought nothing of it and went about my business. the urge to shit came up but i did the good ol squeeze technique to delay the inevitable and continued to scroll through the interwebs where i completely forgot that i needed to shit. flash forward a few hours and i have eaten dinner and after walking half way back from the mess hall i suspected i had a sweaty ass crack so i pulled my undies up higher to attempt to alleviate my discomfort at which moment i discover it wasn
i pride myself on being a good driver. passed my drivers test first go & everyone says i'm good. so i feel guilty about the scenario today. i was waiting to turn right at a t intersection in peek hour traffic, on a road that's busy ordinarily. waiting for forever it felt, traffic is building up behind me. completely forgot to take into account they are moving at a speed while i've been stationary. so i almost fishtail round the corner (stopped that) the driver is literally an inch off my arse end. screaming and road raging as you do when an
My toe sent a large pain impulse through my nervous system . my toe, after this impact, decided to send a rather large pain impulse through my nervous system . i flung the wayward jar back into its storage gulag and went to ice my toe . over the next two days, the pressure in my lower digit grew, turning the whole nail an inky shade of blue black .
i did force an eyelash to the back of my eye about a month ago. i can't remember which eye it was. anyway, hurts like fuck, i wanna puke. i will update as soon as i visit the optometrist, or as soon as i lose an eye.
it was my first class as a senior! class of 2014, woo! i was all prettied up and dressed in my new school uniform, like in the animes. i was gonna make my last year of high school one to remember! the teacher gave us a brief intro to the class, leaving us about ten minutes at the end to talk quietly amongst ourselves. then i felt a sneeze coming on. the sneeze was silent. the aftermath was not. basically, i did a kamehameha from my butt. my chair was blown to pieces as the force lifted me off the ground.
i am a member of a couple private torrent trackers for porn. this has resulted in me having quite a [big amount](http://imgur.com/pqqcsgg) of porn on my hard drive . my porn folder is hidden away quite well. now, my porn folder is hidden away quite well. the actual torrent files are not, since people looking around my computer folders is not a regular occurrence .
    "error": "Model google/pegasus-cnn_dailymail timed out
The other night i had live @ the beacon theatre playing in the background as i was cleaning up my place before my friend/former coworker came over for dinner. but, i haven't had a girl to hang out with in a long time (as friends, i'm a girl too), so i was really excited to make a good impression and hopefully start forming a friendship.  sadly, i didn't stop to look at the freeze frame--it was hilariously, horrifically perfect: louis mid-pseudo-jerk while he's imitating the news reporter talking about libya.
last week, i had a dream in which i (i'm a girl) had been kidnapped by an underground network that provided sex slaves to the rich and powerful. in the dream, jennifer lawrence had been kidnapped as well, and she was a character in the story which, surprisingly, contained very little actual sex.
My boss refuses to accept that our website is relatively easy to navigate . Because it's a wordpress site, the default search function only searches \"posts\" This resulted in a kind of nasty email to me last night asking if i could \"fix it\" like it was broken .
i like to smoke omw to work, i take the bus. so while i'm walking down the street maybe around 7:40ish. bust out my dugout and take a nice long drag, hold it for a few, and blew it out in a glorious cloud. right into a passing runners face, he was running up the street behind me and due to my headphones in i never heard him coming. through my coughing i yelled \"i'm so sorry\" but he never looked back.....
my sister recently took a trip to cape cod, but could only find a flight out of a nearby city which was about 2 hours away. she needed a ride because she doesn't have a car so i figured no problem, i'll drive her. she was set to arrive back yesterday at 6 but i made great time and got to the airport at 5. the parking fees at the airport were determined by how long you had been parked, so i decided to chill out in a holiday inn parking lot next to the airport and just fuck around with my phone for 30 minutes. after 10 minutes i think
well one of my best friends in the marines got one day off today to spend with his family so he's going to a family reunion today . well one of my best friends in the marines got one day off today to spend with his family so he's going to a family reunion today . well one of my best friends in the marines got one day off today to spend with his family so he's going to a family reunion today . well one of my best friends in the marines got one day off today to spend with his family so he's going to a
i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. maybe they won't read it closely? i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. maybe they won't read it closely?
i work retail. i hope he doesn't complain. i hope he doesn't complain. i work retail. i hope he doesn't complain.
we were celebrating bosses birthday and a couple of us were going out to buy some snacks for the party. while i was going up to the front, i realized that i didn't get anything for people who don't drink alcohol. the closest thing to the front was iced tea. i got about 20 cans of it and put it on the company card. 5 minutes into it, our secretary jazmine shouts, \"is this some kind of fucking joke!?\" i put the iced tea, and skittles on a smaller serving table by themselves without thinking about it.
i start to climax and instead of cum, i squirt piss out onto his chest as i orgasm. i run into the bathroom to clean up as he lays on the bed laughing his dick off.
we went to a restaurant with my dad, that serves the best salami pizza in the galaxy. i wolfed down the giant pizza like a starving t-rex, it was a nice meal, and we had dessert, and after that, we left the restaurant, and i start to feel a little queasy. when i go to bed, i still have this odd feeling in my stomach, but i proceed to browse a little reddit, and then go to sleep. in the morning, i wake up to the feeling of my guts being roasted with the power of a thousand suns!
i decided to stop being lazy yesterday morning and give my dog a real long nice walk, so i get dressed in moderately nice clothing and set out, everything is fine, dog is doing dog stuff, i'm doing people stuff, yet then i begin to get annoyed by the zillion or so bugs that are bothering me, annoying flies and such. unfortunately, i walked into a thick of flies, and spasmd out a bit with head, and while the bugs were sent flying, in my lack of vision during this process, i happened to trip over the cobblestone walk on my left and almost comically fell into a huge
i have an acer aspire laptop that was bought on my scholarship, and is only four months old. being touchscreen, i was getting four hours out of the battery with windows 8, and decided linux would hopefully make the battery last an hour more.  install ubuntu without a hitch, go to boot into it, and there are no os'es on my lappy.
so i'm now sitting on reddit, and not sure whether to worry about my exam, or what i'm going to wear there... typical tifu really. was revising for my exam this afternoon, smelt something...something i knew. oh crap. literally. how i didn't notice beats me. but the real problem? they were my last pair of underwear, and my exam is in an hour so i have no time to do my washing.
i work in a chemical plant and in the area i am at today there is a single restroom with a locked door. so i clench my ass and haul myself over to the crapper. well my shit started to slowly squeeze itself out with every step i am taking but i finally make it. well i hear the door open to the little building i am in taking a shit and figure whoever walked in will see the restroom door is closed and won't come in. nope! a minute later this old operator in his late 50s walks up and opens the door that i thought i locked while i'm
i (a male) was walking across campus at my university past our big clock tower. i hear a girl yelling through a megaphone about her experience with date-rape, and i think \"uh oh, there's one of the feminists meetings here\" i decide to look up to see that i have walked straight into this meeting and am standing about 5 feet away from the girl with the megaphone. she has stopped talking and is staring at me along with roughly 50 girls. this moment could only be made worse by my wardrobe choice that day.
today after finishing a lovely smoke break, i went to place my cigarette butt but in the trash like i always do. the only exception is in this instance i forgot to put it out. about half an hour later my room mate walks past the window and notices something odd. once our lovely garbage can was stood a mighty fire. the flames burst from about 3 foot high to over 8 feet tall and lapping at the overhang of my house.
i merely skimmed through his status and thought to myself that he was giving a send off to his class such as 'its been fun' or 'good luck to you guys in the future' i commented, trying to bust his balls by saying 'let's see how you feel in college... ' some other person comments 'who's this douchebag?\" i promptly deleted my comment and messaged my friend and the other person, explaining that i misread the status.
i was getting some socks out of the drawer, and realised that one of them was slightly balled up. So, as you do, i started flicking it through the air to unball it. i wasn't paying attention and the ball hit me in the balls.
i was drinking, celebrating the wings game, and the wings win tonight. went and took a piss, and zipped the tip of my fucking dick in my pants. it hurts like a bitch, don't do this. i can't wear pants/underwear, or it hurts way too much. it's bleeding and bruised.
i'm in an area of china that has a huge problem with (malarial) mosquitoes. i was lucky enough to find a really good mosquito net thing that goes on a bed. after listening to music for a few hours i decided to retire without even turning on any of the lights. when i woke up i found four mosquitoes inside the net (with me) and my body is now covered with bites.
i have always had a taste for odd foods . i'll look at a menu and see something such as monkey toes or bumble bee's urethra and my response 9 out of 10 times is \"hell yeah i want that weird ass shit\" the moment i put it in my mouth the smell and taste hit me and i was like a deer caught in headlights, expect instead of lights it was a dick that smells like shit in my mouth . after i left i went home and sat in my bed reconsidering my life choices and cringing as the smell of poop and sex still clung
i'm still new to muay thai and only just getting back into working out after two years of lazing around. over the day long weekend, i ate a lot of food, some of it questionable. some of it didn't sit well in my system. i woke up to a feeling that made me thing a chestburster was on it's way into this world. i spent the rest of the night on the toilet. contemplating the meaning of life, the universe, and where in the hell all that shit was coming from.
I randomly find one of my airaoft BB's on my bed and while i'm laying there on my phone just start to mess around with it in my hand. I put it by my ear and set it in the little gap part. then as i go to take it put my finger knocks it in and it falls down into my ear canal. I then proceed to try and take it out but it's already lodged in.
Growing up, i was given too much praise, and too much blame . It's partly why i'm so needy now and hate rejection so much . When i was 7 years old, having been sent to another room for being too loud and annoying, i accidentally stood up into a window that had been blown open by the wind . The heavy old-fashioned nail that kept the window closed went straight into my head .
my roommate offered to help me take my motorcycle apart and rebuild the carbs so i could go riding again. i got to my float screws and got three of the four taken out and on my fourth i stripped it so badly on the first turn that now i have find a way to get it out and buy a new screw.  hopefully my buddy in the shop at a local car dealership has some easy-outs or can drill it out and help me get a new screw for it.
i have a small ant problem in my house.(its important, just wait.) just a normal day. i have a glass of soda sitting on my nightstand, and i go to take a drink, and i feel something fuzzy on my lips? i look down and see ants. i scream \"ants!\" wipe off my mouth and run to the bathroom to rinse out my mouth about twenty times. i thought i was going to puke! those bastards blend in with dr. pepper..
i woke up very hungry and only a little bit nauseous so i decided to make myself some breakfast. i have english muffins, egg, cheese, and baloney, so i thought i'd make myself a breakfast sandwich. while it was waiting to heat i grabbed a used stick of butter. as i began to unwrap it i got an odd sense of almost dejavu \u2013 this stick of butter looks like something i've seen before. it doesn't really make sense, i don't think semen ordinarily looks like a hard stick of butter. i became instantly nauseous anyway and puked onto
i went to a friends house last night after being invited for a party. I left my wallet filled with $120 inside of it. I tried to ask around to my friends and people i've never met but too many people were coming and going i couldn't figure it out.
sorry guys =/ . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . I'm sorry . 
I feel like an alcoholic loser who can't handle his booze. how is everyone else's morning going? One of my buddies said someone will punch me in the face one of these days. i said bring it. he smacked me and my glasses went flying. friends broke us up, but i feel terrible. firstly i was annoying, secondly a fight happened, thirdly i feel like an alcoholic loser who can't handle his booze.
tl;dnr: told my wife \"i wanna be on your front.\" i didn't get to be on her front. i imagine i'm going to hear about this for quite some time .
i thought it would be a good idea to take my brother-in-law out to a party that was filled with some of my really close friends. he mixed his liquors with a couple of beers as well as a couple of ciders. he gave himself alcohol poisoning. i drove the car closer so he could just climb in and i would take him home. turns out he still needed to puke some and while doing that he also released some from the other end. i have to think quickly on how to take care of this without causing a scene at the party and drawing attention.
i was watching a soccer game with my parents when the water started dripping . My father called our insurance company to get someone out to assess and fix the water damage and the water heater . About halfway down my street i realize my bowels have decided to yell \"fuck you and everything you stand for\" i have shit on the side of my leg and on my shoes and my boxers are destroyed .
my fuck ups today happened while i was working in a convenience store, in the deli. i was really busy, and trying to multi task and work on multiple sandwiches at once. i mixed up which ingedients go on which sandwich twice more and had to throw out two rolls. i nearly put the pickles in the lid instead of the container. i also nearly sliced the top of my finger off..
Some time after dinner, i touched my dick, and the little amount of capsaicin from the jalapeo transferred over and began irritating the foreskin . i tried using saliva and milk to remedy it to no avail (i've heard that milk has some enzyme or something, but never really looked into it) Since this was mostly unsuccessful, and since i still had quite a bit of pain, after much delaying i stuck my dick in a cup of canola oil .
i was babysitting for a family who i frequently babysit for . They had left out the usual assortment of food and i spotted some microwaveable popcorn. i eagerly started cooking the popcorn, put it on for 3 minutes and i went and waited. about a minute in and i could smell it, it smelt delicious. about 2 minutes in i caught a whiff and i thought to myself, somethings wrong here. three minutes in the kitchen was filling with rancid smoke. i opened it up and thick smoke starting pouring out, the popcorn was incinerated and thick black stuff was oozing out. in panic i ran
i was introduced to this devilishly addicting game a few days ago, and my roommate and i were playing nonstop . Then, a computer broke. not because we were clicking too much, or the computer overheated, but because in my excitement over my roommate's golden cookie powerup i knocked over a glass of water onto his new macbook pro .
i had a whole package of those extra-long necklace glowsticks on the floor in my bedroom. i stepped on the package by accident and cracked all of them. i figured, \"well, why waste them?\" so i finished cracking them, shook them all up, and looped them together. then i turned off the light . to find my entire room was speckled green. one of the green ones had cracked open.
i came home from work and went upstairs to take a shower, in the middle of my shower i had to shit. well when i went to try and stuff it down the drain, it ended up plugging it. now there is about 2 inches of shitwater that will not go down at all since about 1 hour. i tried sticking a coat hanger down but that doesn't work either. i really need some advice as my family will be home in another couple hours.
i've been writing a powershell script to find and delete redundant $recycle.bin files in our thousands of user personal folders. It works perfectly fine. it takes a matter of minutes and gives beautiful log and error output info. then i notice that i'm not using the same standardised variable name for the folder i'm trying to clear out, so i edit one of my functions to bring it into line. i run the script and check my error logs. instead of the 78 kb file i'm expecting (from previous runs it was that size), i get a 4.9 mb file.
dream world: loki is suing the police because a cop urinated on him and broke his arm. dream: i go to take a piss into my toilet/loki's food bowl because this is dream world and loki lives in a toilet. dream: i shove my dick into one of these 2 boxes but 2 things are wrong here.
my phone was dead, so instead of calling my mom on the way to the pharmacy, i stopped at her work to tell her how my doctors appointment went. we hear a loud pop and see smoke pouring out of my engine. while parked, my engine overheated and something blew. all because i forgot my charger.
so these are fairly old pants and i have had to put a safety pin through the top. the button busted a while ago so the pin is good enough. so then when i go to take a piss and i undo the safety pin and i start my stream then i feel a massive pain in my nut sack, look down and i have pierced a pin hole in the bottom on my nuts.
Mark brought in a can of beans for his lunch, not expecting to be put in one of the watchtowers . Mark, woefully for him, forgot a most important detail: cutting a vent in the can . the beanie-bomb eventually blew right in his face, leaving it riddled with bean shaped burns .
i was sitting in the library on my ipad waiting for my next class, when my ex came sat with me. now, even though we broke up over a year ago, she is still a really close friend of mine . i kept interrupting her with pics from /r/funny and she chuckled, and then i said it... instead of showing her the pic, i read it aloud. the joke read, \"whats the difference between a cow and 9/11? you stop milking the cow after 12 years\" she started saying \"you're a real inconsiderate asshole, you know that\"
roommate usually leaves for like an hour to talk on the phone every night so i figured i had plenty of time to chat uninterrupted .  roommate walks back in, friend on skype has no idea, and makes some kind of bad comment about roommate . i'm moving to a different building this weekend .
i teach tennis, and i take ice in the mornings to put in the cooler so kids have cold water to drink throughout the day. here's me being smart, thinking i can save a bit of money by buying ice in 20lb bags and sticking in a freezer we keep in the garage mostly for meat, steak, fajita meat, chicken, etc.
My girlfriend was hitting my bong. its about two feet so i usually torch it for her and pull the bowl because she cant see when its burnt all the way. well this time i put just a wee bit too much bud in the bowl because she gave me the signal to pull it before it was done burning. So i pull it and i put my mouth above the bowl and suck the smoke up. i ended up sucking up the still burning cherry of the bowl and it went straight down my throat burning the shit out of everything it touched.
i was contacted by the woman that used to have my new phone number. She left me a voicemail stating that she turned on her ipad for the first time in 5 months, and it loaded all the text messages i sent and received from my new number.
last night the family and i went camping. as i drifted off to sleep i vaguely remembered that the dog food was outside still, but i was too sleepy to get up and go move it as i thought it was a few feet from the tent. at around 3:30am we awake to growling as several racoons are apparently fighting over the dog food which was actually about 3 inches from out tent, not a few feet.
i put my face into the water to rinse and topped breathing. i guess at some point i forgot to breathe and the waterboarding type thing took effect. my body went numb and i started to fall over. i fell into the corner of the shower and hit my head i was conscious enough to climb out of the shower where i immediately passed out on the floor.
i was edging, getting near the point of cumming, for quite a while now and was near busting. well, shit, my underwear are on the other side of the room after a passionate throw for the the excitement of making some baby batter. i get up to put them on, but just at that moment, i went over the edge.  scrambling for my underwear, i start cumming everywhere; my legs, the carpet, my hands, and for a good 5 seconds after putting on my underwear.
i ended up getting baked, watching judges give death sentences on youtube . you make a large self-realization when a tear runs down your cheek while you are holding your phone with one hand and wiping your ass with the other .
i found a rake and placed it in the yard and then i stomped the ever loving shit out of it . you can imagine my surprise when an instant later i had a very sharp vertical pain emanating from my face as well as two busted lips .
i was eating kettle corn with my right hand and the twist tie was in my left hand. in the middle of a bite/handful i decided it was a good idea to scratch my nose with my left hand. the end of the twist tie went directly into my eye. i had it looked at by my mom looks like it is fine, if you are wondering. it just hurt.
i bought 270 turnips from the sunday turnip lady at 95 bells a piece . i then went to try and drop 100 of them onto the floor of my home but instead i fed them to my character . now i'm stuck with 170 more turnips and i can't even sell them for anywhere near what i paid .
i couldn't sleep last night (at a time that was technically today) so i decided to watch this movie . i watched the first one and personally i thought it was nothing, maybe one or two cringe-worthy scenes but i've seen worse, so i decided to watch the second one . though i did fall asleep soon after finishing it, though i don't know if it's because i have a high tolerance for horror/gore, or because i took a sleeping pill before watching it or both .
i had braces at the time, so they somehow ended up getting caught in some of the lacing of the mesh binder . i spent at least 10 minutes facedown on the desk trying to \"unbrace\" myself from the binder while the class laughed at me .
i made a public account so anyone can use it for a throwaway or anything you want . i verified the account to a random e-mail that i created so if someone changes it's password i would reset it back to normal .
22 months ago i got a listing for nearly 900 acres. i entered in the wrong compensation to the selling agent in the mls which i just discovered today. the ranch finally got an accepted offer $5.35 cash and i screwed myself out of half my commission.
a friend and i are approximately age 12, walking through a construction site. i see a large route 44 sonic cup (they are 44 ounces and made of styrafoam.) i'm thinking fuck this cup i'm gonna stomp this shit. but i some how miss, my inner angst wants to destroy this cup; so i must find something to keep it in place.... a board with a nail through it. i set this route 44 kingdom atop the nail for placement purposes, and sure enough i stomp on it. nail only went halfway into my foot.
the next morning, i farted and the fart woke me. it wasn't a regular everyday fart, but a shart. Luckily, i always sleep on my stomach so there were no stains. i wiped, flushed and ran straight to the shower, washed my pants which were beach shorts so they dried really quickly. chilled for about an hour before i left.
I\u2019d never made this kind of soup before . I put the ingredients in the pot. in go the pieces of cut up carrot, and the cut up onion, the chicken legs . the second error was not following my mothers specific advice of tasting as i went. i just put it all in the pot, brought it to the boil, and then reduced to a simmer. left it for about an hour. when i came back to it, it smelt pretty good. i went to sleep that night hungry, with the smell of smoke in my nostrils. only today has the place really started
i've had a best friend for about 3 years (let's call him andy) andy and i have had crazy sexual tension since day one but we had never acted on it. andy has a roommate, ben, an extremely good looking soccer player. since andy and i are friends and ben is generally a homebody, the three of us ended up spending a lot of time together in their apartment .
i was doing a project at home, changing the leds on my xbox controller. i went to show her a pic and as i scrolled to the next pic... it kept scrolling, landing on a pic of my rock hard member. my face went red and she goes \"oh.. that's the wrong pic\" i apologized, she laughed and said \"its really ok, we're all adults here... and walked away... thank god for cool managers.
i was using my box cutter to cut and flatten out boxes for a co-worker.  with my cutter still in my right hand, i tried to pull apart the cardboard flaps, missed and brought the fresh, very sharp blade, down onto my left index finger. i started bleeding immediately at an alarming rate. i was dripping blood on the ground as i walked to the restroom to attend to my wound. i ended up driving myself and getting my finger stitched at the clinic my employment sent me to.
i bought a pull-up bar online a few months ago. since i've had it i've gone from being able to do 0 pull-ups to being able to do about 10 at a time.  naturally i enjoy showing people the progress i've made, and so when my friend came over today i was eager to show him how magnificently strong i had become.
i'm in the process of training for cross country in the fall at my new school . Today i was going to run 1000's in the park, but it was raining . i'm like \"ok, watch me, i'm a girl and i'm gonna beast this run and make you all feel like pussies\"
i brought home some hot and sour soup a few days ago from the take out place down the road and put it in our fridge. mind you it was in a brown paper bag. having just finished season 4, i thought it would be funny to write on my bag \"dead dove do not eat\" i come home from work/etc two days later and there is a letter on the fridge. they said they called animal control to remove the bag of dead bird (who didn't even open the bag? really?) i had to leave to run errands and will come back to talk to them later about it,
i got guitar hero 4 world tour for pc because i don't own any consoles.  when playing it, the fret keys are mapped to \"zxcvb\" and strum is the \"up arrow\" i ended up getting my ass kicked and booed off by the game.
in the past thirty minutes i've received ten calls from moving companies . i don't even know if i need to move yet .
buffet sushi in the state of alabama right before the lunch rush . at this point, my ass under only its own power may have long since entered a geosynchronous orbit .
\"i was hammered quicker than usain bolt runs** (yep, shouldn't have drunken a bottle captain alone while all the others were listening to the a speech of our principal, maybe my mistake)\" \"i've done quite a lot, but i'm pretty sure you will tell me something i don't know\"
as we walked in to art class, noticing that our teacher wasn't there he yells, \"yes he's not here, wooh!\" our teacher had passed away that morning. little did tyrone know, our teacher had passed away that morning.
i was stalking one of my ex's facebook page. we had a bad falling out. i know it's relatively minor, but tifu by accidentally clicking add friend while i was stalking one of my ex's facebook page.
i went to get my little pocket rocket vibrator and my butt plug to do the job, but it turned out that my vibrator was dead. When i opened it to replace the batteries i noticed all kinds of corrosion around the batteries. i tried to clean it and replace the batteries but it still didn\u2019t work. So i went searching in my drawer for my benwahballs. thinking, well, if i can really clean my butt plug i can use that for penetration and put the benwahballs in my butt. it felt great, i had an awesome orgasm.
so i cheated super hard on my chem final exam (got the answers before the test), and proceeded to get a b (aka not failing the class) my buddy knew i had it and asked if he could have it after i used it. i didn't care, but i told him that if he got caught, to, and i quote, \"not nark on me\" he proceeded to use it, and get caught (you have to be real fucking dumb to get caught cheating in this class). and when he was threatened with 10 days (just a threat), he gave up my name.
i recently got a new gps (handheld) and decided to open it today . It was in a cardboard package, but it had that awful plastic packaging around it . After using it, i've discovered it's a piece of crap, but i can't return it because it's scratched .
she is a cheerleader and so happened to be going out with one of my friends... or so i thought.  so i assumed that her boyfriend had gotten here these. reasonable considering they were right? well when i saw them i asked, \"aw did coleman get you those\" what i did not know however was that they had actually broken up a few days ago and that another friend of hers had gotten her them.
i was at work today when i got the urge to purge. i, needing to poop, took the open one. i was getting through my time quite peacefully when i decided to check my texts while on the toilet. it all went well until i went to put my phone back in my pocket and instead hit my knee. my phone flew out of my hand and across the floor.
in our work chat room (only for employees, no customers), a question was asked, which i knew the answer was in one of our blog posts, which are listed in a google doc. i do my command c, command v and enter. but the google docs and copy/paste gods hate me. because... earlier in that day, my friend was going through a divorce, and her stb ex-husband was making her life difficult. i told her to send pics of some of her more intimate parts, and tell him that he used to own them, but now they belonged to someone else, her.
my old dentist said my teeth were fine and i just needed to brush and floss regularly. i'll admit i didn't floss nearly enough (like none at all), but every check up showed my teeth as healthy and cavity free. my old dentist retired recently so i switched to a new dentist and went for a check up today. well we started off with a deep (fuckin ow) cleaning. my gums were bleeding all over the damn place. as my check up progressed, it became clear that i had some serious issues built up from over the years.
i am sure you know what he found. given the title, i am sure you know what he found. he comes out cursing and yelling loud enough for everyone to hear \"that bitch's tits are hanging out!\" he was furious, so we did a number of shots i am sure i don't want to remember.
i posted a short summary of my escapades, dick bending included, but i was not aware of it until exactly five minutes ago (so about five hours after posting it) when my dad gave the stereotypical \"you know you should watch what you post to facebook\" i was not aware of it until exactly five minutes ago (so about five hours after posting it) when my dad gave the stereotypical \"you know you should watch what you post to facebook\" as i made a quick jaunt to the fridge for some juice. sadly, he was correct. update: ypp, everyone who was online in the timespan the
i am not usually terrified of spiders but this one looked too big to be a garden spider to me, although it most likely was not a brown recluse either. i am not usually terrified of spiders but i do live in an area with brown recluses and this one looked too big to be a garden spider to me, although it most likely was not a brown recluse either.
i hadn't watched any porn for a week (i'm 15 so i'm at the peak of puberty) i put shampoo on the head of my dick, and closed my foreskin around it, (uncircumcised) an hour later i went to take a piss. when i took aim, my dick hurt, curious about it, i inspected my penis, looking for any signs. there were none, so i proceeded to urinate. but nothing came out, and that's when i realised that the shampoo i had used had in fact, went into my dick
i\u2019m relatively new to reddit but here's a shameful story that, although ended somewhat triumphantly, was a personal defeat. i went camping with some friends and we just got back from drunken canoeing so we were extremely hungry. we started the fire and cooked burgers and hot dogs. while waiting for the food to cook we drank and smoked. after the festivities, we ate to our drunken hearts content. Unfortunately, the pre game upset my stomach and for some reason caused me to only have partial control over my bladder. i don't know if the beer, or beer mixed with smoking caused this
mentioned that the gym down the street wasn't any nicer but charged more. the manager seemed very interested in how she could charge more for membership without making any improvements.
I forgot to wear underwear to school that day and wear the pants in question, only noticing that i have no underwear on once i'm on the bus .  crush gets on the bus and sits next to me. perfect time for my member to act up .  edit 1: she's gotten closer to me, so tomorrow is a good day. hopefully.  edit 2: [op delivers! proof, with pics of me wearing pants as well as pants themselves with hole open.](http://imgur.com/a/zwhb4 they're sideways, i'm sorry. also, i
The girl doing the tifu i read went into detail.. enough said. The girl doing the tifu i read went into detail.. enough said.
i commented \"you should have raped her whilst shouting the hound can't save you now!. it was only a joke and there were many other rude and perverted comments as well. i just cannot believe i was banned for that by a website that is littered with women having sex with animals, necrophilia, and all sorts of inhumane activities.
so we went for dinner with his family for his little sister's 6th birthday. everything went well, when we were done they went back to their car and my boyfriend and i left by foot. but when they watched us walk away they kept calling his name and we didn't understand why, we thought they were just teasing us.  about 5min later i try to pull my dress down a little and wha whaat it's stuck to my tights and cardigan. not only did i flash my bum to his mum, his mum's boyfriend, his two sisters but i was wearing really childish pan
Ethidium bromide is a known carcinogen . this morning when i was adding the ethidium bromide to the gel mixture, i accidentally tipped over the bottle, spilling some of it on my lab bench. it took three paper towels to completely wipe it up, and i was freaking out cause i didn't want anyone to see me. i disposed of the paper towels in the etbr waste bucket, sprayed down the bench with chlorox, and told no one.
i was in a photo-project and for this particular one, i had my hand covered in makeup, in order to make it look like i was bleeding. the makeup turned out good and so did the photo. afterwards i tried to wash the makeup off, but there was no more soap left. i thought and wandered off with my hand covered in half-washed makeup, making it look like i had been drinking too much red wine, freaking some people out.
my girlfriend at the time had a tendency to flirt with guys in front of me . As the night wore on my girlfriend was sitting on the sofa with other guys, laid out across them, with me on the other sofa getting more jealous and more drunk . my first fuck up was trying to drink away jealousy, the end result? i had thrown up in the hosts carpeted t.v. room, openly cried about how much i wanted to marry my girlfriend, again in front of everyone, and finally, woken up the hosts two 80 year old grand parents through my screaming in the back yard 
after a few hours i said fuck it let's get wasted so we drank from one bar to another until we pretty much got carried away and i blacked out . the moment i gained consciousness, i was lying on the sidewalk next to the boarding house i live in (how could i miss?) checked what time it is--hold on, *where the fuck is my watch?* still too buzzed to care, i assumed i left my wallet and phone in one of the bars and tripped while walking home, so i just went inside and luckily the gatekeeper's there to open me up 
he asked me to google his name. i did. first result was his linkedin ... purple link. nothing was said but that was enough. -sigh- he's probably googling me right now.
i wasn't feeling good this morning but decided to go to work anyway. it was just a stomach ache. One hour into it, my stomach is in great pain, but i'm putting on a great act and doing my job.  45 minutes later, the manager has me come inside to work at the counter because i can't even fucking stand at this point.  unable to hold it in, i throw up in the sink. then it gets clogged. i had zero fucking clue what to do at this point, so i do what any good human with a soul would do, and
i've been having a rumbling tummy all day, and i ate hot wings last night.  boom, i feel a wet slime dripping down the crack of my ass. a glob of molten shit drips onto the floor as i flee into the bathroom. my underwear was soaked, my pants had a small globule, and my floor had a tiny splotch.
we were loading up the minivan with stuff, with my car parked next to it in the driveway. my little brother, for some reason, just wanted to stay in the car, so i opened the door and left the windows open (it was hot today). eventually, he told us he wanted some water. my mom was also getting a little irritated at both him and me, complaining the whole time about how all we do is just sit around and do nothing. i, being annoyed at my mom and forgetting that i left my car door opened, opened the passenger side of the van into my car door, in
i was staying over my 2nd cousins house for the night because my parents were out and couldn't trust me in the house alone . we were just talking late at night when she just kissed me..just right there and then, all i managed to say was \"what did you just do that for?\" the next day i woke up stark naked realising what i did, popped on my clothes and went for breakfast.. later, around afternoon, i went to go and feed my nans cats whilst she was on holiday. this time my first cousin was there(she goes round to our 
i was sitting in my grandma's house, eating her chips because shit, i'm a hungry teenager. all was going well, until a crumb missed my mouth. i suddenly felt a sting coming from my boob, and lo and behold, there was a chip sitting in my bra, and near my nipple was blood. a chip stabbed my nipple.
i have a long history of ear swimmers, so when i got out of the pool and couldn't get the water out of my ear it was no surprise. ill just ask the swim coach for some rubbing alcohol, that always clears it right up, no big deal i thought. wrong. the moment the alcohol met my eardrum i experienced bar none the most excruciating pain of my life. i literally was blinded. all i could see was white my brain was so everloaded with pain, i immediately lost all bodily control (didnt shit myself in front of all my friends thank god) and i found myself in
i deleted all of my album artist data last night, now i have to wait on over 3000 songs being updated. i only wanted to put one song on the damn thing... currently at about 1000/3000.
i'm 23/f, work for my parents in their restaurant. i was waiting for dad to get back with all the produce and stuff to finish the prep work for the weekend. the cook from first shift pretty much had everything done, so it was a waiting game. i didn't go through the cooler to see what needed to be done (i already had an idea of my prep list. and it came down to having groceries to do the work.) there were dishes that needed to be done. i ended up being the biggest disappointment failure of a kid any parent in the world has ever
i had a stomach ache, and my mom was putting medicine on my stomach. it was similar to icy hot, and i didn't realize i had some on my hand. it still hurts.
after getting my water, i saw some ice tea mix and thought, fuck this, sober me would *love* some ice tea. anyway i wake up early in the morning with cotton mouth and an incredible hangover.  upon putting on my glasses, i look into the mug to find ants crawling all over the inside of it. coating the entire bottom and inside of the mug are ants.
This person has a very strong accent. she's also one of my managers. i often find it hard to understand what she's saying, and i'm actually a person who is pretty good at understanding people with accents. i could tell though that she was probably sick of people asking her where she was \"from\", and maybe she feels like she constantly has to justify to others how \"american\" she is.
she's telling me how happy she is without me in her life and how she's fucking an optometrist. the worst thing is that i want her back even with her throwing it in my face.
Tifu sold a printer to a man for thirty minutes only to have him ring up his credit card and press cancel and try to ring it out with cash . Without taking his cash not realizing what he did then sending him on his way with a free printer .
Is there any way to substantiate these claims? does it not really matter, the point is to entertain, so truthiness or not, the results are the same?
The most powerful sneeze i have ever experienced exploded out of my face, and simultaneously out of my arse aswell . i immediately abandoned my trolley full of shopping and went and got in my car and drove home, with a pant load of shit .
so, i have to hand in one copy of a script to my professor, and take one to a meeting with this actor. no problem, right? i print them off, hand one in. except later that day, at the meeting with the actor, i notice there are still two copies in my bag....and i know i only printed two copies. i run though all the possibilities.; a crappy essay, a bank statement, cute photos of me and my so.... okay so those photos weren't adult exactly, but they sure as hell went things i wanted to give to my professor i cant help
when it dies it just turns off and i charge it and it workes again . my phone is now at a shop who hopefully can make my phone and get my songs back .
i informed my friend that i had taken some xanax earlier in the day (about 1mg which is way more than i usually take for my anxiety but had a very stressful day) i wake up around 5 or 6 am and that's when i realized this wetness beneath me, i had pissed myself. i figure if i do it right here on the couch maybe the blood will cover it, then again i'm sure my body would shit and piss when it's over anyways so that's not a good idea. i apologize a thousand times, told him i was contemplating blaming his awesome dog(which
i turned around at a speed that turns out to be as dangerous as to eventually break my nose, as my face hit the corner of the wall . can't tell if broken but nevertheless, it's an awful feeling to see your nose bent to a certain degree .
one of the residents in the building has a disability where his hand is deformed. it kind of looks like a flipper, and he only has two fingers. i went up to him and said \"let me give you a hand\". at least, that's what i started to say.  needless to say the guy was pissed at me and complained to my boss and she wasn't too happy either.
i needed to look up information on what bill collectors are allowed to do (stupid  huh, different story) so i went to the public computer lab on campus. these particular machines are set up in really long rows with the tower on the desk next to the monitor and each computer/monitor evenly spaced. the only open computer was in the middle of a long row next to a girl who had about 5 documents open between spreadsheets, power points, word, internet and whatever. i tried to log in but it took longer than the 15 seconds i was willing to wait, so i assumed it froze and i needed to
every day i refill my bottle of water, put it in the freezer, and wait just before it gets totally frozen so it's sort of like a water slush . well, first sip i take a shard of ice rockets out of the bottle and, sure enough, scrapes the crap out of my tongue .
i realized today i am gay and have been in denial of being in denial and have wasted the past 29 years of my life . i should have killed myself a long time ago. i could have had a great life, even as a homosexual.
after school some of my friends and i decided to head by goodwill to buy some cheap clothes. soon a mega shopping spree ensues and completely forget about my backpack. My jacket is missing. thinking i must've just put it down somewhere, i rush back, telling my friends i'd be back soon. it's gone. my fucking glasses are gone too. we head back once again, but just like my jacket, they're gone without a trace. i gave the store my phone number, and details about the missing items, but i believe they were stolen from my backpack.
i decided to run behind her and put my hand in her back to make her run a little . the moment a placed my hand on her back, she loses balance and falls . she goes to the bleachers and went back to the waiting line; my friends are laughing, they think i did it as a joke . about 5 mins later i go to check on her. her right arm and knee got scraped and she is crying. she calls mom. i feel like shit, tried to help my sister and end up hurting her when i'm supposed to protect her.
i found a cool picture in /r/wtf about newly patented handcuffs that can subdue criminals . i sent him the imgur link, but didnt realize it was an x-post for /r/bdsm and my boss thought it was bold of me to be browsing the bdsm sub during office hours .
my sister is in the army and has been having health issues . the procedure took longer than anyone expected . because of hippa laws that i wouldn't even get that much information until the procedure was over . i was on hold for maybe 5 minutes when the charge nurse came back and told me my sister was in recovery and that everything had gone good . i was on hold for maybe 5 minutes when the charge nurse came back and told me my sister was in recovery and that everything had gone good .
a new client needs some accounts to be put together for a 14 month period . over the course of the week, so far i\u2019ve entered 10 months worth or sales and purchases . Just as i was about to enter a sales invoice i realised they were vat registered and that i\u2019ve missed the vat amount on sales and expenses .
Liquid shite runs down my pants and legs, and straight into my shoes . i'm pretty sure it went through both my boxers and my pants, and seeped into the damn car seat . i roll down the window some more so any smell that may have come from what just happened could hopefully ventilate out the window .
i'm gonna just go ahead and hate myself now. i don't know why i said no... nerves? i'm gonna just go ahead and hate myself now.
i'm a tall fellow and most chairs at uni don't have much back support for me let alone neck support for you average height folks. so i'm slipping in and out of a lectute siesta when i feel my head slip back a little to far down over the chairs back support and i immediately wake up in such a frightened and sudden way that now has me wincing and groaning at the slightest movement of my neck.
I was in the middle of a race when I saw a huge pack coming . I swerved into the middle island of the road and the pack was far enough behind that i can clear out safely in time . I was still in the somewhere in the middle of the pack by the time I got out .
huntington's disease is a disorder passed down through families in which nerve cells in certain parts of the brain waste away, or degenerate .  huntington's disease is a disorder passed down through families in which nerve cells in certain parts of the brain waste away, or degenerate .
i'm not educated medically, and having severe adhd i quickly forget this.  j is a pretty shy guy, even around his friends, and when word got out that he had surgery everybody was questioning him, and he always gave the same answer, \"it's hard to explain.\"  finally, i blurted out \"what is it cancer or something? that's why your hairs so sparse right, chemotherapy?\"
while laying on the couch i began redditing on my phone some . my older brother was using my computer late in the night but not unusual as we all tend to be somewhat night owls. then i noticed a strange sound, sort of a rustling. and also the clicks per minute went wayyy down. my brother started clapping my mouse against the desk repeatedly, and then suddenly it was all over.
My wife and i haven't been having sex because we just had a kid and she doesn't want to go on birth control just yet as it is can lower the amount of boob juice a woman's divine coconuts can produce. i watch about 2-3 mins of some different videos to get me in the mood, then do my thing. what i didn't remember to do is put the bushwhacker away. this guy didn't notice until the aforementioned wife comes back home, then comes in to give me a hug...only to find my family and deflated trouser snake poking out jewels and looking
i decided to use some of my fine listerine anti-cavity rinse this evening . It had no cap, but lots of our stuff has no cap... so i filled up the dispensing top and let it settle at the appropriate level . i proceeded to spit it out into the virgin white sink. black. lots and lots of black. that isn't sugar my dear, it is m'fing ants!
i was interviewing for a position in a news station . i was interviewing for a position in a news station . i was interviewing for a position in a news station .
\"my shits were pretty quiet this week.\" \"i have a busy looking shit tonight that i am not looking forward to\" \"there was a pretty messy looking shit last week i dealt with in the course of my duties\"
My hands slipped off the knife I was using and I accidentally dropped it . The knife sliced the middle of my penis . Thankfully it was a small knife, so i do not have any terribly bad injuries .
my mom called and said i'd forgotten my laundry. so i turned around and drove back. i put the car in park, ran inside and grabbed the laundry out of the dryer. i began heading towards the car when i hear my mom scream and point at my car which was moving by itself, hitting the rear end of my mom's car.
i wrote a text \"thanks for the orgasm this morning\" he was not with me this morning and i meant to tell him i pleasured myself thinking about him. thought that'll make his day. i sent this text to my boss (they have the same first name) 10 minutes later, my boss replied \"anytime\"
i woke up to go take my early morning shower before work only to see that she was awake, which she never is in the morning when i get up. i don't really think anything of it so i tell her good morning and go to take my shower. fast forward 20 minutes and i'm ready to go to work, and right before i'm about to leave she asks me to cuddle. i think ok why not i have 10 minutes i can spare, i'm one of those who is always early to everything. so i get into the bed and under the covers and low and behold she
i started dating this new girl, things are going well. i had just received a text from my ex's brother asking if i was going somewhere during the weekend that he was going to and i responded. i then went to text my girlfriend, saying \"i just looked over and saw your jewelry next to my bed and it made me smile\" i was scrambling and typing incoherent nonsense to him in a moment of pure embarassement, apologizing saying it obviously wasn't meant for him, blablabla. no response for a few minutes.
now i'm stuck outside in the pouring rain with a phone that has 5% battery left . Nobody that will be home for another hour . Now i'm stuck outside in the pouring rain with a phone that has 5% battery left, and nobody that will be home for another hour . Now i'm stuck outside in the pouring rain with a phone that has 5% battery left, and nobody that will be home for another hour . Now i'm stuck outside in the pouring rain with a phone that has 5% battery left, and nobody that will be home for another hour .
my so's brother and i are good friends and we like to call each other, \"yo bitch\", \"mah nigga\", and so on. We are not black, but we are not racist in any degree whatsoever.
after intermission when i had my 3rd drink of the evening, i was sitting in a tier about 25 feet above the stage during a symphony . during the music, i swore i could hear someone down below talking at a normal volume . the conductor stopped the music right in the middle of the performance and turned around to face the audience . i leaned forward to get a better view and there he was! a man, though now in a somewhat hushed manner, blatantly talking on his cell phone! i instantly went into a rage, leaned over the rail, and yelled in the large, acoustically-tuned
i let a fart silently pass through my butt cheeks so that when i walked in i dragged the godawful stench with me . pretty sure everyone could smell it as it walked through the entire room and then back again .
i usually take 25 minutes to get to work, since i walk. but this time i really couldn't allow myself to get late so i actually ran to work, and i'm a very lazy person in general. and the mistake i made was drinking milk on my way to work, i ran for about 1-5 minutes each run and would take a 2 minute break until the way is flat again. about 30 minutes after i got at work, bathed in sweat, i eventually vomited violently because i drank milk during my run.
i snatched his hat off his head and put it on. \"ha ha! got your hat!\" i tried to run off, but was stopped dead in my tracks. clang! in my attempts to watch his reaction, i ran right into a bicycle rack. a corner nailed me right in the pubic bone. my toes are curling just remembering it. i quickly gave the hat back and scampered away, embarrassed, hands over vag.
tl.dr watched porn and locked screen half way through video. next day in lecture and can't shut it up quick enough. whole hall looks at me.
after talking for a while and i had been exposing myself, i asked her to turn on her cam. She told me, \"it's okay i'm legit\" and gave me a link to a facebook account that looking back at it, could have easily been stolen or faked. i never actually saw \"her\" so the whole time it probably wasn't a girl, alone a \"f17\" one. now all i can imagine is some perverted old man masturbating to me dancing around naked.
i never knew i was allergic to latex until i had sex for the first time with my so wearing a latex condom. to understand how it felt, rub fire on your crotch and then put some itching powder on it.
i was refilling the fancy change machine at one of the registers yesterday (it dispenses the coins when someone pays cash, meaning i only have to worry about the bills when giving change) i'm refilling the nickel slot because it's pretty low, and as i drop a coin into it i notice that the cashier before me had put a dime into the nickel tray in the register, which i had just dropped into the nickel slot. So this morning i'm working the same register, and this old lady's change ends up being $0.05. so i just hear a *click* and no change comes
after a while i feel like the worst stomach ache i ever experienced. no problem i'll go fart in the bathroom and let all the gas out. Here is when people began knocking on the door because i've been inside for like 10-15 minutes. It took me about 5 minutes and more than 5 flushes to end the mess that i did.
rent was due this weekend. we needed a little extra to cover until next payday . i went to get a payday loan. (i know they are awful but it was necessary.) the teller handed me the cash and i put it in my wallet (along with the money my bf had taken from his account) and then put my wallet in my purse. when i got there, i wanted to make sure i had the cash all facing the same way so that i wouldn't have to fumble with it at the machine. i drove back to the payday loan place and looked in the parking lot.
\"shoe surfing\" is where you hold on to the truck bed and keep your feet on the ground whilst the driver tries to shake you off . i was on for about 3 or 4 minutes, then i feel the worst possible pain ever...in my ass. i look down to see a stick as thick as a stereotypical black man's dick next to me. i put piece by piece together and realized that with my feet so close together and my ass 3 inches from the ground, my feet picked up the black dick stick and wedged it between my asshole and the ground, with
well, we were in a cramped car doing the deed, 69ing very uncomfortably...i guess i had drank too much cheerwine, because i had the impending need to burp. It didn't help that this gentleman is particularly well endowed, and so as the act proceeded, i gagged. usually in this scenario, i just power through and try to relax. apparently this time, however, my gag reflex wasn't having it. needless to say, i saw my cheerwine and dinner for a second time that night.
as i was looking in my rearview mirror to make the turn i heard a terrible sound, only to look at the front of my car and realize i just hit a garage. i backed into a garage with the front of my car... i am waiting to hear back from the car dealership for an estimate to fix the damage.  fun fact my car is a 2013 that i have had a little over three months and this is the third damaging incident i have, and by far the worst.
i had a spinal tap that hit a nerve two months ago. we had to choreograph a series of 8 small movements. well i have to get up awkwardly and as i was half way up i felt a horrible jerking pain in my knee and collapsed onto said knee at which point i felt a horrible pain as my kneecap momentarily was dislocated. now i have to wear a knee brace, see a physical therapist, and my performance studies class calls me nanna.
i left my wallet at his, and so had to run back, biff ablaze! i got there and got my wallet, all was good until i arrived home and checked my pockets. i had lost my buds.
this guy and i have gone to school with each other since kindergarten but he is still is my boss . i know he appreciates \"shock\" type humor. when we were at school he always opened his cheeks . i can only hope he doesn't judge me.
i was a seafood clerk and, as part of my uniform, have an apron on. i take my dinner break and, before heading downstairs to resume my shift, decide i need to take a piss. i should also mention that i'm a bit tired and the fluorescent lighting in the store was not helping me keep my eyes open and my mind sharp. standard procedure, zip down the fly on my jeans and pull my apron to the side.
i was on a move and the lady had a very nice china cabinet. i took out all the china and wrapped it perfectly, next i started wrapping the cabinet with moving blankets. all seemed well and i got my partner to help me pick up the cabinet and move it. well we pick it up and it tilts just a little bit and then we hear a loud crashing noise come from inside the cabinet... open up the cabinet and i forgot to take out the glass shelves. mirrors on the inside busted along with the glass shelves. needless to say the lady was not very happy and we didn't get a
i saw on the box of glasses that they claim to be \"unbreakable\" so if you knock it over, it will bounce and not break. so i lined a few up on the bar and played dominos. this only satisfied me for a few minutes. so i took one in my hand and threw it on the floor. everyone in the party looked at me. one gentleman saw the whole thing and told everyone what i was doing. my boss yelled at me, i had to pay for the glass, and explain to the owner of the winery what happened.
i went surfing, and as some surfers know, you either bring your keys in the water in your wetsuit, or you toss em in a nearby bush . after doing this hundreds of times in my many years of surfing i thought getting my car stolen would never actually happen . on my way back as stoked as can be my friend who i was with asks me, \"gdshred95, where is your car?\" i responded \"shut up what are you talking about,\" do a double take, and see that my car is in fact gone.
\"i want to eat something with substance, but i don't want to invest any time into cooking it\" \"oh sweet! there's a hard boiled egg, but its cold. i hate cold things that are supposed to be warm\" \"All shit just broke lose and the thing literally exploded in my mouth\"
go to take a sip of some h20 out the mini fridge before class, take a big ol' swig . i just chugged 4 shots right before class edit: fun fact i just started on a new ssri (anti depressant) which specifically calls for no alcohol consumption .
we had a leaky pipe which was giving the neighbour below fits, so a plumber was in the house all that evening . still, i really wanted something to drink, so when i saw half bottle of gingerbeer on the windowsill of our upstairs room i thought it was just good fortune and poured away . spat it out and chucked the whole thing out thinking the sun had done something unspeakable to the bottle of gingerbeer .  \"...wait, where'd you find the bottle?!?\" the plumber was there for ages, and he'd ended up having to relieve himself in a bottle from the recycling
i hit it off well with a girl at a party, then did absolutely nothing about it for a month. lesson learned, if things are going well with someone, don't wait to ask. just do it then and there.
i didn't really know much about birds, and i didn't think it could be that hard . Professor was a complete dick and we only had 1 final exam and three papers as our entire grade . Professor: \"you sit back down and take the test, or i will give you a zero in the class\"
My phone hit the ground, landing in a puddle. i grabbed it off the ground and wiped the water off of it. As i walked through the doors, i saw it. a spiderweb crack in the top right corner of the screen.
last minute, i decided to do a massive trim of my beard. somehow my beard was so thick and badass i managed to break the trimmer. on the way i stopped into cvs and got some shitty $20 trimmer and shaved the rest of my face in the car. i looked like a wreck.
i was dreaming that i was using the bathroom and browsing reddit on my phone.  some thread was calling for /u/andrewsmith1986 to be banned or something and i was typing a response when i noticed how soft the carpet was . in reality, i was stroking the blanket over my face and pissing myself.
i was in such a rush to get clean for upcoming activities that i neglected to open the window. this was a huge mistake. i put it down to there being too much steam in the shower box and make to turn and open the shower door - and i slip on something. i'm flat on my naked ass in the corner of the shower box, and my vision's going funny - blotches of colour dancing everywhere, blacking out now and then - and i realise i'm in deep shit. the shower head's still relentlessly beating down on me with hot, steamy water, my
i've been eligible to graduate since June of last year, but stayed for a fifth year because my so was finishing up his community college classes to get ready to transfer and we were living in the area anyway. feeling burnt out mixed with worsening depression was not a good mix, but i toughed it out for a couple of quarters to pick up a couple of minors. finally, i petitioned to graduate for winter. i found out i was assigned to teach special ed - not as awesome because i had no background in it. i cancelled my petition to graduate and enrolled for spring. then i got a call
I like to meditate from time to time, mostly in the morning, so to fully engross myself into the music i wanted to zone out and listen to the album.  sitting or laying down was too passive, i probably would've gone to sleep. so i took up a kneeling posture on the ground, put the record on and listened to it. Now i don't know what to do, i was just in the zone enjoying music, but i see how this can be perceived as weird.
i have icy hot spray in a can and somehow got it on my ball sack. Does anyone know of a way to get it off? or do i have to ride it out?
today i started to play and noticed i need to change my strings . After about 10-20 minutes i was done and put the guitar down, then i noticed my bridge pins we slanted forward .
i finished my task by 2:30am morning. saw my dinner was not only cold but was not covered properly and roaches started to bite on them. i was hungry like crazy and since its again 2:30am in the morning was to bored to discard the food and prepare something fresh and was seeing the longest yard at the same time where adam sandler enters prison and is having his first meal. i eat that roach nibbled food next day has a terrible stomach ache and fever.somehow manage to pull it through.but was a really messed up day.
i like spicy food, and i was curious, so i broke one open and smelled it. it smelled sweet, so i squeezed a bunch of seeds out and put the pepper in my mouth. even before chewing, i felt that motherfuckers heat. i threw the pepper in the garbage and decided i'd save myself the 20 or so minutes of pain and scorched gums.
when i tried using it to get out, it flashed red but the barriers were still open for a split second so i snuck through . When i turned back i saw many people stuck because of my rejected ticket, causing quite a jam .
long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore. edit: thanks guys. long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore.
my boss is redoing his whole house. this involves creating a brand new, state of the art, media room. i live about a mile and a half away from him, he knows i drive a truck, and he also knows i probably have fuck-all to do on a Tuesday night after work. therefore he asked me if i'd mind bringing his fancy 66 inch smart television - complete with wi-fi, netflix apps, and ear-splitting surround sound audio system - home? well, shit, boss. sure. we toss the television in the back of my tacoma and i start to follow
i was lucky to get the mac promo item because its very valuable now, and now they added one for linux as well! i heard that people were installing something called ubntu on their installs in order to emulate linux and get this promotional item for booting the game on linux. well here lies the problem, the program is windows only. so being an idiot i immediately go to thepiratebay.se and download parallels desktop for mac, it has several files the instructions.txt told me to run in order to bypass the program asking for the serial on the box, i ran those and installed the program. it worked
last night, i had a party at my house with just 3 or 4 friends. we decided to buy an eighth and were gonna smoke it. about half way through, i hear a knock at the door, and i hear \"let me in\". my step mom barges in and caught me and my friends, and pretty much told everyone to walk home ( i live 6 miles away from town where they live) i may also be kicked out and never allowed to play sports or do drumline ever again.
i asked my wife if she had already cleaned the tub, and she said yes. ignoring everything i learned over 25 years of marriage, i stated, \"doesn't look like it. you need to scrub harder\" i spent the next two hours cleaning all the bathrooms.
Two days prior to this event i had taken a giant, vile poo that clogged my poor toilet . After avoiding plunging my toilet for 48 hours the stench became overwhelming . i grabbed two bathroom rugs and through them in my bedroom . The water was reaching my room's carpet fast, and my sole goal was not stop it .
so i ordered a new mhl adaptor from amazon and was so excited to be able to play all my s4 videos on the led tv.it came the other day and i told my family that we are gone watch my cousins engagement video on the big screen. So its like audrey screaming on my 52inch led with home theater connected and i am standing there like a dumbass trying to close the fucking gallery. So its like audrey screaming on my 52inch led with home theater connected and i am standing there like a dumbass trying to close the fucking gallery.
i had just finished masturbating and as i was about to go to sleep i noticed a long white *thing* coming out of my dick. i stared at it for a while and then i decided to pull it out. i now have a red spot on the crease of my foreskin and ow.
A friend of mine (let's call him sam) was let go a few months ago from a job i got him . At a party, in a moment of drunken curiosity i asked a person i don't really know that worked with him why he was let go . He told me the reason, which aligned with my suspicion that he was dealing with some bad life choices .
i am the quiet, well-behaved girl in my group of 20-somethings and my asshole is fucking sore. i am also loud and his fucking bedroom door was fucking open too. he wanted to cuddle afterwards (aww) but i decided to take the waddle of shame at 2am when no-one was around to see it. during the course of which we removed panties filled with wadded tp i stuck in there earlier to stem the flow of unexpected party period blood, and my jacket and top somehow got ripped on the way off.
my butthole is so raw because i've diarrhea-ed like 15 times today . i had sriracha with dinner the night before the party and it's coming back with a vengeance tonight .
This story may be too tame for some people's taste but it certainly made me feel stupid. i've been working out in the rain all day and i've promised myself a subway as motivation for getting through the day. so i go to the subway around the corner from where i need to get a bus. i want to get a subway to take home to my gf as well and decide not to eat mine until i get home so we can eat together. i also decide to order it as late as possible (sensibly allowing a couple of minutes for potential delays) so that the sandwiches are
i was chosen to play the last post, on my trumpet. so, i start playing, i'm so nervous that i fuck it up a lot, and after a bit, i say \"shit!\" pretty damn loud. during the moment of silence, people started laughing. after the service, i was told that i made the mayor, a cop, a world war two veteran, a korean war veteran, and the principal laugh.
i had been asleep roughly an hour, when my phone buzzes. i remember this because the only calls i get at 8 am are either collections, or important/emergencies. i see the unknown number and write it off as the former, and just let it go to message and go back to sleep. i woke up properly rested at 10, and realized i had one of those mental sticky notes for myself. \"check your phone\" it said.
A girl i went to high school with has major attachment issues . When her last boyfriend dumped her, she went into a 2 year cycle of depression . i immediately said i'm not going to buy a onesie, or ever wear one .
cracked.com threatened to ban me if i didn't apologize and retract my statements in the comment section . During my break, i got a message telling me that if i didn't apologize and retract my statements in the comment section i would be banned, but it turned out they decided to pull the trigger anyway .
technically, i ate the thai food last night. however, today came the pain. i'm usually known in my circle of friends as the guy who gets food that other people considers inedible (be it tofu as i'm a vegetarian, or, as is the case here, spicy)
just bought a brand new memory foam bed. guy asked if i wanted a waterproof liner i said no. Went into the bathroom in my dream and started pissing.
someone wrote how sex had a certain smell and the following comment said \"sounds juicy\" but there was a person giving a speech in front of the class...she is also the one person in class who has waited to give her speech on the last possible day because she was so nervous.
My crush randomly decides to swim to the other side . \"dammit ve2519, you don't know how to swim properly!\" My friends and my crush had seen everything, and my crush in particular said something like, \"dammit ve2519, you don't know how to swim properly!\"
2 cops showed up and said it was a false alarm and now the store could be fined . i must have bumped the button while i was cleaning it or working the slicer because 2 cops showed up all pissed off that it was a false alarm and now the store could be fined .
My brother is 14. makes it a little worse, doesn't it? i didn't pee outside because i live in maine, and at night, it gets cold enough that my golden stream would freeze as soon as it left my piping. i never thought of peeing in a bottle... but then this all wouldn't have unfolded as it did, and it wouldn't be as funny.
so i went to check out the class availability, i saw that my general bio class was 100% booked at all times both days of the week.  so i have 2 options, i can take it the next fall semester, or during the summer for 1 month straight for 4 days a week.
i got drunk the night before and must have masturbated and got some on it. i didn't know there was a very obvious jizz stain until the lady saw it.
i shaved my nether regions about 3 days ago, but it caught up with me this morning when i was at work. i made the mistake of using a cheap single blade razor to shave the base of my no-no zone and got a really bad irritation. it started out as a little itching, but eventually became so irritated that it felt like a a cactus was rapidly growing out of my pubes.
i am getting rather fed up with everybody (and it's more than these two) telling me i need counseling. i don't need to prattle on about my feelings, i need to get my ass out of trouble to avoid getting kicked out of the university for not having my tuition paid. i don't know how i'm going to go to class on Monday. thank god the door was closed), and i gather up my stuff, apologize profusely, and bolt out the door.
I own a 4 inch long, three speed, rotating, vibrating, vibrator . I hide my vibrator in my hiking boots which sit at the bottom of my wardrobe .
i tried shaving back when i was 18 and it itches like hell. i checked the instructions and all it seems to say is it can be used anywhere except around open spin. i put a little bit on my penis to test it and it's fine. so without any worries in the world i lather it on. the second it touched my balls i did not understand what was happening. it feels like i dipped my testicles in acid!
because of the snow there was salt all over the ground which got onto the bottom of my suitcase en route to the train . when it was my stop i went to get my suitcase and jostling it caused rock-salt to rain down on this poor chic .
My friend's family are having a large-scale housewarming party . I'm outstandingly drunk but holding my shit together . i wake up the following morning hugging the bowl of the upstairs toilet .
today was my first ever college track meet, and the bus was set to depart at 7am in the morning. i had packed my bag and laid out my uniform the night before to make sure absolutely nothing could go wrong. i even managed to get myself to bed by 11 on a friday night, i set three alarms on my phone, and made sure i had a buddy(who lived on my hall) who would wake me just in case something went wrong. i keep my phone under my pillow(i've always done that, makes sure i wake up, hasn't failed me in years) and
The first person who i encounter upon entering the house was her autistic older brother, andy . andy loves dancing games, and does not understand that some people don't, so he begs and pleads for me to play with him . i decline as politely as i can, but then, the rest of the family starts to egg me on . my crush sees me struggling and sarcastically asks \"i thought you were good at video games, how do you feel now potato_lord?\"
i'm getting ready for my class and figured, \"i'm only walking the dog a short distance today, i don't need my coat\" i open the screen door and get ready to open the big door, there are no keys in my pocket. i panic and search every pocket i had until i realized, they are in the house. Got back home, got my keys, had to go back to give my brother his keys and was done by 9 and. missed a test that day.
it really dug deep into my soul. seriously. don't watch that shit. that was the first--and last--creepypasta i've ever read. that was the scariest fucking thing i've ever read.
i had stabbed the entire tooth into my cheek, then pulled the comb with such force the tooth bent back and tore my flesh into a 1/4 inch deep tear dropped shaped puncture wound. At least it's only one of many blemishes on my face, and if anything it counter balances the cat scratch on the other cheek.
\" blowing a raspberry\" is when you put your mouth on the fleshy part of someone elses' body and blow air out through your mouth . i blew a raspberry on his belly button. now this might not seem like a bad idea... but my manfriend has some serious bellybutton lint. like, could dig for days.
i was in the cafeteria with a few friends and i thought it would be funny to screw with them a bit with the salt-shakers. i started off by filling one of my friend's pockets with salt while she was speaking to one half of the group, the other half trying to contain their laughter. i thought it would be funny to pour a bit of salt on another one of my friend's phones as she had unsuspectingly left it on the table, followed up by moderately funny salt puns and playfully mocking her about how crunchy her keys would be.
i'm a freshman in college and not entirely new to drinking. i know my limits and i pride myself on being able to pass as sober even when i'm quite drunk. there was a byob prohibition era themed party so of course i showed up with my own drink (grey goose screwdriver) and also a good ol' bag o' weed. i drank what i brought (approximately 6 shots) then proceeded outside where i smoked a significant sum.
i went to my room to get some weed, my room is upstairs second door on the hall. door was open and lights were on, just like i left it, but as i walk in i see my roommate with a girl on his bed almost ripping off each other clothes . like it wasn't awkward enough i also say \"you two don't mind me, im just getting the weed\", at that point my roommate already know his night was ruined, he and the girl just sit on the bed and he says \"now you stay and smoke with us\"
before going to church, i decided to have a quick, innocent fap. fast forward a few hours, and church is over. i'm still in church at this point, and decide to check my phone. turned it on, and since the porn video was the last thing i watched, it's the first thing i see when i \"un-standby\" my phone. i'm shocked that i didn't close the tab after i finished, but i'm thankful that the video didn't somehow automatically replay for everybody to hear, and now i can just close the tab and
i woke up feeling crap, so decided to have a hot bath to see if it helped . i didn\u2019t open the bathroom window because i didn\u2019t want to be cold when i was running the bath and because i haven't learnt the lesson from the previous two times i've nearly fainted after having a hot bath. i hit my leg on a cabinet and now have a very painful bruise in the same position as where my pockets sit, so now i can\u2019t put things in my pocket without being in pain.
after the photo shoot, i sent the 5 best, most revealing, sexy images to the last person i texted, which i thought was my boyfriend. i forgot that i had texted my mom about going home this weekend and wound up sending them to her during her work day as a teacher.
i have a friend who i usually communicated with through a group chat on facebook whose 2-year-old son was just diagnosed with autism. While perusing my reddit feed i saw a greentext story from 4chan, and i love greentext stories. it was the one about the retarded kid trying to pass through the stopped train, while carrying his bike. my friend, not a minute later says \"wtf\" i, not thinking, spout out \"yeah well that's tards for ya\", remaining oblivious to the fact his son was just diagnosed with autism.
i was driving down the street with my bf the other day, when he started to fart. he did it a few times, and i actually had to beg him to stop. \"you can not stop the beast!\" he screamed before letting another fart. the stench of onions and sewage filled my poor car. the smell started to really get to me, and i began coughing. i was on my period, and it seemed my coughing fit had brought on the crimson tide. my driver's seat is ruined.
so for this whole week i have been telling my friends about gta v and how i can't wait t play it next. only to find out i had the dates wrong and have to wait a whole other week for it.
i go through season 2 again and start season 3 and i get to episode 3. by this time on a netflix marathon i usually have my kindle out and am doing some casual reading. i see an advisory warning type screen pop-up and figure it is just a violence thing at a commercial bumper. it was a friggin spoiler warning. my feeling on spoilers is like going to the museum to admire a painting and then smearing your poop on it for the next guy.
today during my psych of sexuality class i made the mistake of bringing up what a fleshlight is. Everyone was like 'uhhh a what light?'. After the lecture i asked the professor if she would like to see what one looked like and she said 'yeah, if you don't mind bringing it into class.' shocked by her response once again i fumbled to explain that i don't have one and what i ment by asking her that, was i had popped up a picture of one on my phone that she could see. impressed by it, she asked me to email her the link to
she went into town to get some chinese takeout for dinner, and the parking lot was completely full. well, all except for a handicapped spot. there's no way a handicapped person will need that parking space if i just run in really quick... well, she decided to take the risk, but left her truck running with headlights on as the universal signal for \"i'll be right back\" an old, bent, gnarl-faced gentleman comes in.... wearing a veteran's hat... on father's day. he proceeds to school her on parking in handicap spaces and mentions, quite loudly
i was scheduled to go in for 2:45 pm, fill out paperwork and have the interview at 3:00 pm. i arrived at the bank at 2:45 pm, checked in with the receptionist who told me to fill out an application while she checks in with the it department. She then tells me that my appointment was at 2:00 pm, and to fill out the application, and that someone would call me. i went home and checked the laptop i was using to take notes when i called about the positon. on the desktop i had a file, timestamped jun 12, 2013 created @ 11:50am, which
if i did i might try to purse such a thing. i only wish i deserved to have a romantic involvement with her. i.e. if i did i might try to purse such a thing.
as i was resting, with not a care in the world, the kitten bit me, right on the head of my dick. after a quick check, it appears that the kitten has a broken leg, and is breathing hard. my girlfriend still hasn't woken up, so i do the only logical thing. i drop a large, hardcover book on it, and go back to bed. when i wake up my girlfriend is over the kitten, crying. she doesn't know I did it, she thinks that the book fell and crushed the kitten.
read a lifehack on reddit before about pooping at work, and so once i started my shiny new office job i proceeded to try it out. it soon became a shameful habit that i'm trying hard to get rid of. i tried flushing again, but it stayed there, mocking me like the smug bastard it is.
she thought it was funny, but me being the person who doesn't filter before he acts decides to write in down on her mac case . Now she has to present something with her computer and the computer goes right in front of the teacher .
i signed up for an online \"on demand\" mcat course. it was expensive ($1700!) but useful because i could study on my own time. Fast forward to now, about a month before the exam. still had to go through half the online material, and hadn't used the online practice tests yet. finally, i get the resolve to study hard. apparently, there's an expiration date for online material. it was probably written somewhere in those terms of use things that no one reads, and sadly i didn't see it. now i'm paying the price for not knowing about it.
my best friend is a music major at a very pristine school . He recently got a 2012 impreza, and he has it for less than a week . i wanted to be sober (enough to watch him play) so i brought a water bottle half filled with whip cream vodka . i literally covered his dashboard, windshield, steering wheel, the entire front side of my body, my side window, and the floor .
i am on my way out and i realize the door is closed and it has no doorknob to open it with. Now i am definitely going to be late for work so i call my boss and tell her the situation; of course she gets a kick out of it and it is ok with her. i start to kick down the door but this thing wasn't going to budge. i look at the window to see if i could jump out but realize there is to much shit outside for me to jump out of the window.
i was too stupid to realize at the time... and i should have known better. it took 6 months for my best friend's sister, and my best friend to find out. but please.... do not ever suck the wrong dick.
i'm not entirely sure why, but i do. depending on the day, that reaction will range somewhere on the spectrum between fairly harmless to my very own circle of hell. unfortunately, i haven't been able to figure out why exactly my level of coffee related terribleness varies so much, do drinking coffee is usually an exciting game of digestive tract roulette.
i started the day out by wakeboarding in the morning. we finished the day early so that we could get back and start prepping dinner for father's day. on the long stretch of lake we throttle it up and hit about 60 mph, at this point; the wakeboard at the front of the boat catches air and slings backwards towards everyone. my friend tells my ear is bleeding and she checks it out. my ear is split deep into the cartilage.
my friend and i are both english teachers in a small (relatively) in china . my knee was cut open from just to the bottom right of the joint to i don't really know where . my ex girlfriend (chinese) answered saying the taxi company had my phone and had called her (yes!!) and where was i cause she was going to come look after me (not so yes)
i had a tough quiz today, and did well. so i decided to treat myself to some taco bell, as i haven't had any in ages. i ordered a bunch of bean burritos and fucking demolished them. my stomach was placid as fuck, i took a normal dump, and slowly my rage grew. nothing.
i'm studying abroad and not at all familiar with plants here. there was no bathroom so i asked the locals where to go and they pointed to this massive cliff/hill with a single tree separating me from everyone else. as i was peeing, my ass was on fire and itchy, as well as my hand. turns out, while squatting to pee, i brushed up against a poisonous plant, some form of stinging nettle or another. life lesson: look before you squat.
i was walking my dog at the park where i decided that my balance couldn't possibly fail me. i began walking down the log barriers near the bluffs of the park, to where said fuck up happened. Thankfully instead of merely hopping off early and continuing my journey, i proceeded to set my left foot onto the needle thin part of the log, which proved to be slippery enough to fall sideways directly onto my shoulder.
so today i arrive to work and i have to poo, i decided to go for it and i'm not accustomed to public restrooms. so i'm pooping and i happens to be to close to the front and i pee as i release and it splatters all over the floor and all over my underwear and pants. i'm currently sitting in my own piss hoping to get a break and change in my lunch break home.
i've got stuff coming out my butthole that i've never seen before. but at least i haven't reset the counter.
she kept playing with her phone and that she did her very best to hide whatever she was doing on it.  so yesterday i got fed up with it and i asked her about it. she said not to worry.  after me trying to convince her that if she had nothing to hide, she could just show it to me and make me regain my trust in her after what happened, she admitted that she was still sexting with that guy.
I bought my first pair of grey skinny jeans just for the trip home to show off my new sense of style . I was stumbling and slurring my words around my family and went to the bathroom to take a piss . I left the house hungover with my skinny pee pants in a bag before anyone woke up .
i had just come home after school expecting that my older brother to have mowed the lawn like he said he would the night before.  surely enough nor the front and back yard had been done, so i told my dad and mum that i would do it. i pull the mower out of the shed and get the canister of petrol, paying no attention to my actions i unscrew the cap off the oil tank and begin pouring petrol in. i end up putting quite alot of petrol in, fix the cap back on and start the mower. it is working fine for 4 minutes but in that 4 minutes it is just puffing out
my housemate and i are also coursemates at uni, and sometimes i'll cook for both of us (no homo) in return for him tutoring me. i was making pork chops with mash potatoes. spuds are done so i go to mash them and they need a little milk to soften... get the milk from the fridge, check the best before (was 2 days within use by date) and pour some in the pan. it was off. not like slightly off either, i'm talking lumpy, vomit inducing yoghurt ruining my hard efforts.  managed to scoop all the bad stuff out but broke
The fence nearly went up my butt and actually gave me some really nice gouges near my anus . i nearly passed out from the pain, but luckily i didn't tear the sack. it hurts to walk, sit, stand, laugh. it hurts to fart.
i have a class taught by a coach, and we have a pretty good rapport. well one day after class we're talking and i ask if the legend is true. he pauses a second looks me in the eye and says no. his eyes got really big and my friend who was behind me gasped. thats when i realize the coaches kid is sitting right next to him. the kids eyes were wide and he just looked crushed.
i went out to the shed to start a snowblower that hadn't run for 18 months . i took off the carb cover , jammed a bunch of starting fliud in it, pulled the starter and it fired on the first go. went up to about a zillion rpm and blew the connecting rod. so then i check the oil and what there is thick as treacle. so i'm a dumb fuck and i deserve to be told so.
i had been washing in with the rest of my clothes pretty often, didn't think it was nasty... apparently it is. i've grown, we've all learned. it's been a journey, gentlemen.
though this happened around three weeks ago, i'll believe this is probably one of my dumbest fuck ups i had ever made.  in this game of kickball there were only two bases: home and the wall on the opposite side of the gym.  to score all you had to do was kick the ball and run from home to second base (the opposite wall), and back and not get hit with the ball.
earlier this morning, i had to take a monster dump. it felt like i hadn't crapped in days. i get to school, and immediately headed straight to the restroom. when i arrived, the restroom was cleared. it seemed this crap was destined by the gods, for while i dominated the toilet, no one came in (this could also be from my furious shitting, but either works). the shit was immaculate, and i felt so much lighter afterwards. i went to wipe, and in my favor, the paper was stainless. so much so, i felt i could set it out
i live on the west coast of Canada, so in my province the legal drinking age is 19 . On my 19th birthday, my girlfriends and i head out to a classy restaurant with a bar vibe, since some of them were still underage and couldn't go to a bar or club . i'm a small (5'2) girl, and was never much of a heavy drinker, so by the 2nd bellini and 2nd shot, i'm good and hammered . i drag my sorry ass out of bed, shower, dress, consume a large glass of water and t
i was getting ready to leave naples i went to the train station to get a ticket from one of the self service machines. a man walks up to me and asks if i speak Italian. he goes through the menu of the machine and enters a special code and gets my ticket for 10 euro instead of 68. he then demands that i pay him part of the difference because he saved me a bunch of money. the next day on the train when they ask me for the ticket. after a quick look they ask for a eurail pass. and i'm like, shit. so they take my money
my friend's mother asked me to drive her to pick some furniture up from her friend bill's house, as i am the only one in our group with a truck.  upon arrival, and after the opening pleasantries, i was left to my own devices while the two catch up. after cracking open a beer, offered by bill before they disappeared into the other room, i discovered bill's shopping list stuck to his fridge. anita arrived the following day, let herself in, grabbed the list, and did her job. never once did she question the curious addition that was so obviously written in someone
he took pictures of me during the show and threatened to send them to family and workmates.  knew the price was too good to be true, knew i should have been paid up front, still did it. accidentally showed face. pretty sure i managed to scare they guy off with his real info, but seriously hoping he doesn't send nudes of me to her friends, workmates and our family. lesson learned.
i joined because so many people that i've talked to recently have been saying positive things about the site and citing positive experiences . i've now been on the site for roughly 8 hours, and all i feel is fucking creepy .
i am a big fan of day[9] not really for his starcraft commentaries, but more on how he tells stories so well! i switch over to youtube.com and start searching stuff up. after watching like an hour's worth of videos relating to super nerdy stuff (one that features day[9 acting like a unit from the game: *starcraft 2* by coughing as if some 42in dick just came out of his mouth), i click the top right drop down box to check up on the school's youtube account. i just watched videos that feature many sexual innuendos as well as
i was about seven months pregnant with my twins and happily enjoying some fried rice with my husband on the couch when out of no where a wild single grain of rice appears in my mouth . i perceed to have a maga coughing fit that turned into projectile vomiting . i then pee myself so much there is now a yellow lake in our bathroom .
i was coming up to a traffic light and it turned green, i was still a few yards back so i didn't have to come to a complete stop. the cars at the light started to move but not as fast as i thought, i hit the brakes, didnt stop in time, and smash. my car literally took all of the damage. i was only going about 15 mph, he only took minor scratches. my bumper bent and my grill broke. thank god neither of us were hurt and we both have insurance.
i ended up pretending to be sick and left. the diarrhea was a side affect of the anti-biotics i've been taking for strep throat.
i made contact with an overweight woman walking in the direction we were leaving . i didn't realize what had happened until a full five seconds later .
This is my first reddit post ever and of course it is a shit my pants story! well i guess i still haven't shit my pants yet :s i'm to ashamed to tell him. i will never ever let a guy cum in my butt because i know it was from that!
i felt like a pornstar, throwing dick like a mad man. she seems to be enjoying herself. When she asks me to bust on her tits, i have a hard time thinking straight for a few minutes. might as well be asleep for all i can accomplish. i was actually on the up swing with the first soft thing i felt on the floor when the supposed wadded shirt decided to explode into her pissed off poodle. this gremlin in disguise smashes into her face with the force of a mike tyson punch. the demon dog is none too happy about this as you can
my eye is burning with the fury of 1000 suns. my eye was completely red. this solution contained 3% hydrogen peroxide, and came with a specific set of instructions to use it without the burning or stinging happening.
    "error": "Unknown error
i pester a friend into letting me stay at her house in another city while she is away. she has been sort of iffy on the whole thing, but i have a job that pays here and i need the cash, so i made it all happen. \"the housemates don't like me\" she says. \"you'd better be good\" she says. \"don't get me thrown out\" The housemate that is still around shows me around, \"this is the other housemate's cat, this is the gate which must never ever be unlocked, this is the fridge.
i haven't had a shot of anything this strong for over two weeks . as it goes down my throat i realize that it is very warm, and then i am unable to breathe . next thing i notice this awfully smelling liquor pouring out of my mouth all over my chin, chest, hands, floor .
i started a couple of weeks ago and have lost around 8 or 9 lbs. Ben and jerry's was on sale at the grocery store i work at, so i decided to buy one pint a few days ago and was going to just eat a couple of spoonfuls at a time. yea that didn't work. i ate half a pint today. xd i also went to this amazing taco place earlier today.
my wife, son, and i met my bestie and his family at cici's pizza today for dinner and to meet their newborn son for the first time.  everything was great, including the food. but later on at home i start getting a rumbly in my tumbly that would make winnie the pooh cuss and let's just say it wasn't a pleasant bathroom visit. neither were the other two.
The roku app has an option of streaming photographs from the phone to the television. you're always two clicks away from this option.  somehow, by the gods that organize photos on cell phones, two pictures popped up on the phone. in the dick pic it was pointing toward the camera, like something you might expect to come with 3d glasses. and the one that popped up on the television was the dick.
i left my shoes in the gym and brought them home in my bag.  woke up this morning at 7 a.m. and was going to practice when i realized i was barefoot. put my bare feet in them and felt a fuzzy sock in the bottom of one... whatever, i thought, doesn't matter, i'll just take the sock out later.  stood up and the sock popped open like a grape, i thought it was food so i took my slipper off, reached in, and pulled out a dead mouse who had just been squashed by my bare heel. needless to say, a mental breakdown
i realised that i might be late for college (english college i live with my parents) it was starting at 4pm today so i went to catch the bus, the sun was in my eyes and i managed to get on the wrong bus . While i wait for the next bus i\u2019m on my own and a really hot girl walks over and starts waiting at the stop with me . in my head i\u2019m like \"talk to her, talk to her, what\u2019s that smell, talk to her.\" so the bus is starting to get close to my stop so it\u2019s now or
this is the third time i have had to pay for it to be fixed . First time for water damage (dropped it down the toilet) second for smashed glass (fell out of my pocket while i was running) It costs \u00a3100 pound with my warranty and i don't think i even have that anymore .
after many talks of trying to convince my gf to swallow my load, she finally agreed to try . Just as i'm about to cum, my sperm had already left the gate and couldn't be stopped . just as soon as it projectiles towards my face, i see her realize what happened and try to catch it with her arm swinging out.. and just like a movie it goes through her fingers. the largest hitting me on my temple right next to my eye, the second wad hit the corner of my lip and the third up in my hair and ear!
kagney linn carter was on the verge of bursting her vocal cords while getting \"missionarily\" pummeled by some random, large-dicked male . my speakers were about 75%, and it was very loud and clear. i think she was moaning about how big his dick was, and how much she liked big dicks. she also may have been proclaiming how she was near orgasm.
i said (very loudly) \"oh, you're not going to be that douchebag with the hat backwards?\"  .....and the game hasn't even started yet.
i had the brilliant idea of reaching a hand down the back of my pants and spreading my ass cheeks to lessen the amount of pressure it would require to fart . my plan backfired in an explosive fashion, and my hand found itself covered in a watery brown syrup of disappointment . i managed to catch all of the excrement in my hand, and my boxers were dry!
While trying to get her high . while trying to get her high . while trying to get her high . while trying to get her high . while trying to get her high .
i was talking to a friend i haven't spoken to in a while, we were talking about business and stuff, then he randomly says \"you know what the co-founder of reddit did? kinda tried that\"  instantly i was spouting all this crap about everything to do with trying to make him feel better, then he says \"oh i meant the business, but thanks... lol.\" felt like such a tool.
well after saying \"on the rape train\" now all of the people around me think i'm a creep and wont even look at me .
he is everything i hate in a guy and i've never considered myself to be a slut before. yes he is cute and flirtatious, but that's never been an issue. i didn't think things would go as far as they did considering he is married.
Well last night we went out like normal, got drunk, and my girlfriend was our dd so everything was fine and dandy. we got home and it passed out like normal. now i would love to say my girlfriend found me in the kitchen putting pillows in the oven saying \"the clown has no penis\" well during hosselhoff's sleepwalking extravaganza, i managed to crawl into a corner of dianne's bedroom and grab her phone for a flashlight and i just sat there creepy as fuck until i came out of my sleepwalking state. dianne went, \"are you sleepwalking?\" and
A woman called up and asked for 6 large pizzas and lots of sides, to be collected . 20 mins later she comes in and waits for about 5 minutes because there's been a delay on one of her pizzas . \"that'll be \u00a360 please\" \"sorry who did you pay with?\" \"that short asian guy over there\"
i went to help a friend go dress shopping for her debutant ball, or some big dance. things were going platonic until time came where we had to go our separate ways, then it changed. i'm not entirely sure how, or why it happened but we ended up kissing, all the while my girlfriend is slaving away as a cashier at wal-mart.
my dad had to pay some bills and he asked to use my laptop, i happily obliged, opened my laptop and there, full screen was porn. my dad none the less had a quite different reaction, i guess parents like to pretend their kids never get off, or have access to porn .
out of the 7 of us, i was the only unmarried one. well, a friend of my friend showed up for like an hour, he was single, but he left quick. everywhere i looked were boyfriend/girlfriend or husband /wife couples.
i was outside having a smoke and the dog stood up and grabbed the tabletop and started licking it. i have no idea what she was going for but i tried to push her off it with my right hand. the table started sliding across the floor so i reached further and somehow managed to jam my cigarette, which was in my left hand, directly onto my right wrist.
i always amused i could eat anything. dropped food on the floor, i'll eat it. burn it, i'll eat it. i'll even eat meat are and it's never so much as phased me.
after 12 years of biting my tongue whenever they felt like being shitty to me, today i lost it and snapped at them. i don't feel bad that they got their feelings hurt because they deserved it, but i know it hurt my wife for me to do that. she's always stuck up for me to them, but it's one thing for her to fight with her parents and another thing for me to do it.
i'm lazy so i didn't feel like pausing it. \"just 10 more minutes\" i hold it for a long time and then decided i would be bad ass and hold it until the ending credits, at which point i would sprint upstairs and give my bladder a break. i reeeeeeeally have to go... \"but those are the best kind...\" i piss myself right in front of the fucking toilet. get it all over my new (today) boots. i laugh, grab a towel, mop it up (i have no idea what i drank today, but it was a lot
My cousin and i are in the process of moving him out of his apartment. we just decided to take a break and take his dog for a ride with us into newark. she has extreme separation anxiety and has a habit of destroying shit when he leaves, so we thought this would be a nice change of scenery for her. as he got into the car, he checked for his house key and cigarettes. he had neither. he went back up to the house only to realize that the front door was locked. i have now spent about 30 minutes on the phone with the roadside assistance automated phone tree to finally
when i used my inhaler, i swallowed about 3/4's of the spray. that may not seem bad, but a common side effect of inhalers is nausea, or upset stomach. i got back in bed and tried to fall asleep, when all of the sudden, i felt the worst stomach pain in my life. i realized what is probably a worst case scenario for this, i did not have any toilet paper. i ended up staying up for about a half hour after i wiped cleaning all of it up.
my eyes are red, hurt like hell, and my eyelashes are encrusted with semen. every time i blink i feel the throbbing shame. never again. my eyes are back to normal now for anyone concerned. but the shame is still there. it will always be there.
i've always had chemistry with his sister, who's is a year younger than i . we started talking but never really resorted in anything else . i feel i completely betrayed our friendship due to this encounter; he doesn't know anything about it . the real unfortunate thing though is that i really do like this girl, and i can't do anything about it because i know it would alter our relationship as friends .
i was preparing burgers and diced some habaneros into the patties . i had been drinking beer and had to take a piss so naturally, i went to the bathroom to take a leak . within a minute i was sweating profusely trying to hold back to my friends the fact that i'm in the most intense pain of my life .
when i spoke to the gf the next day she said she came in and we got our cuddle on and then she left me asleep in my bed....and then i spoke to my mom.  apparently, throughout the course of the night, i unleashed the full force of my pale hairy body and climbed into bed with my dad. He was awoken by the clumsy attempt to get comfortable, and proceeded to ask me what the actual fuck i was doing and ordered me to go to bed.
i went to the family doctor for a meningitis vaccination. The doctor said that i could also do it at a later date. i told my mom about it, and she kept sighing throughout, but still managed to keep a calm demeanor.
going at it from behind, pull out to finish and she had her head turned sideways (face down ass up aww yeah)...somehow manage to go over her ass and directly into her eye. i probably couldn't do it twice if you gave me 1000 tries.
time trial is a race against the clock, no drafting other people, go at your own pace by yourself. there is a 1 minute gap between every rider at the start, so to catch someone your time would have to be 1 minute faster than theirs. the course is an idyllic 10 km (6 mile) seaside loop, around which you do 2 laps. mostly very close to flat, except for one short uphill section.
My mom called a teacher from my old elementary to talk to me about being gay . The teacher is gay, he is probably the only gay person my mom knows . My mom thought that the only way i would be so interested in that kind of thing is if i were gay myself .
as it went on my mind started to wander and i started noticing that the projector's fan has been blowing its warm air onto me this entire time .  turns out that i was not paying attention to the meeting and everyone actually was paying attention to the graphs shown by the projector very intently .
i went to the beach with some friends. everything was chill and as expected. i, personally, hate going into the water. the idea of bacteria and fishy fecal matter makes me cringe. i woke up and my arms are littered in blisters, they are radiating intense heat, and are so bright red you could direct traffic with them. i will be missing about 4 days of work and approximately $177.67 worth of payment.
i bought parts for a new pc a few weeks ago. I have been having way too many problems with my motherboard . The warranty on the board is void if the pins are bent, and there is really no way in fixing it without buying a new board .
we just moved from the house she has lived in most of her entire life and thus had memorized. i saw this nifty key hook thing in the living room and thought it the perfect place to keep from losing my keys. i reach into my pocket and fish out my cell phone. hitting the button to power up the screen only to find that i have 8% battery left. i text my buddy who is also my landlord. he calls my roommate. roommate calls me back and he informs me quick that my battery could die any second. he informs me he can be back at the house in 45 minutes to an hour.
i accidentally clicked on a video of a girl shaking her butt to a song because i jumped when she opened the door . Now my mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye .
i don't remember a single thing from last night... but i'm missing 300-some dollars. that was all my budget for the month.  luckily i paid my rent so i won't get kicked out... but i have no idea what happened to all my money which **sucks** because i have nothing for food.
i rejected a woman that was in love with me. i was growing closer and closer to her as we spent more time together but something happened today that made me want to say that we wouldn't work out together in a relationship. i cannot say enough how sorry i am for being an asshole and doing this to you. you have told me that you will ruin my life, and if that is what you deem to be an acceptable punishment then so be it.
i was at a school competition today, and my mom brought me a peanut butter and banana sandwich. after a few bites, i felt a sour taste on my tongue. i kept eating, and then i realized that you shouldn't have peanut butter and orange juice.
i woke up this morning about 1 am, my head pounding furiously like the beating of drums. i was in complete excruciating pain, so i crawled my way over to my parent's room and woke my mom up, because she has gigantic elephant strength ibuprofen pills.  laying down made the pain worse. i was so completely blinded by pain that i could barely move, walk or talk.
coworker said something funny that caused another coworker to spit out the water she was drinking all over her desk. this caused me to laugh and made me nearly spit my own beverage out all over *my* desk. Luckily, i had an empty coffee cup handy, so i spit into that instead of trying to swallow it and having it shoot out of my nose.
i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i just discovered today, after two weeks of running *every single day* that c25k program only requires you to run three times a week.
i noticed the asian guy walk in but thought really nothing of it. my friend decides we should get something to eat so he says \"hey, let's go get some chinese food\" not bad at all. my brother then replies with \"yeah, some chinamen food!\" which makes my brother go \"ching chog bong bing bong!\"
i was sitting here on the computer drinking copious amounts of coffee and started feeling a little bit hungry and thought to have a snack. not feeling like making anything, it had to be quick and ready to eat. over on the table next to me sat a few habenero peppers, so i decided to eat them. i ate these chilies on an empty stomach, which turned out to be not such a great idea. they're not filling so i'm still hungry at this point, but now it feels like somebody is punching my gut from the inside.
i dropped my laptop on the floor and it could not boot, nor safemode or anything i try to do it won't turn on. i brought it to the computer center, they told me they could see c drive instead of d. so i brought it to a friend of ours that fixes hardware. he can see d drive only and my systems file is so corrupted that none of my files can be recovered.
i realized how sweaty i was (the room was really warm, ok?) so i sniffed my armpit. i tabbed back into the window accidentally, straight after, and then realized what i had just been doing. i had messages from him that for some reason i had not been alerted about where he was asking me what the hell I was doing. i immediately told him i had to go and left the call.
i picked up the full pot expecting to pour myself cardboard cup full of this earth tasting disgusting but necessary coffee and the pot exploded sending hot shit water everywhere, including my pants . i yanked the coffee pot up for some reason thinking an elevated coffee pot would stop the flow of hot coffee from the two openings smacking the holster sending coffee grinds all over including my face .
i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope I don't get fired. This resulted in a load of batch jobs on 30 servers failing to run overnight. i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope I don't get fired.
i needed a pair of scissors and the only options at the supermarket were $9 super dooper ones or childs ones for $3. then suddenly a shock of pain shot through me, and i look down to find i have cut my ballsack along that ridge bit between the two halves.
we've been broken up for a couple of months, and we've been trying to be friends to avoid any more drama . he and his friend came over to my apartment for a few drinks, and they came over already drunk. soon, my ex collapsed on my bed, and his friend soon after. i managed to get his friend to sleep on a mattress on the floor, and i tried to get my ex to get up and sleep next to his friend. he refused, saying he wanted to sleep in my bed. soon enough we were making out, and we got...handsy with each other
pepper flakes on pizza left my butthole in agony . pepper flakes did not breakdown while being digested. instead they ended up rubbing against the sides of my anus . my butt felt sore and on fire, i imagine i got a taste of what women go through in labor .
i installed itunes, and somewhere between opening it and dropping my entire 15 gb music folder onto the window, itunes freaks the fuck out. i hold my thumb over it's face until it goes black. back on. i run a boot scan and find out. three whole files in the itunes folder are corrupt. more corrupt than a carlos danger.
i'm starting off small with only two classes a week, but either way, since i don't have a car, let alone a driver's licence yet . i've never in my life been on a city bus before, but i still felt well-prepared . my phones gps app was raring to go with directions down to the minute .
i've recently been having random bouts of sleepwalking. at least i think that's what it is. it's happened three or four times in the past six months or so. i sleep in my underwear and no shirt usually, but i remember my sleep-self thinking that i was only going to go check on whatever it was that i needed to since it would be quick and so i wouldn't have to bother putting pants on.
i usually drink a smoothie in the morning for breakfast before i leave for campus. this morning was no different, and i wake up, turn on the blender, and go to make some coffee. i come back, pour my smoothie, and as i'm pouring my infantile brain is seeing bubbles pop in the blender and thinks, \"hey, remember when you used to blow bubbles in your drink when you were like...4?\" and so, out of nostalgia, i decide to blow a bubble in my very full smoothie. approximately 5 seconds later there's purple goo goes all over the counter and in my face
i'm 15, young and stupid. so this girl i like, we'll just call her a, was throwing a party, and somehow i got invited. So i come to the party and we all go in the pool and i see another girl, we'll call her b, and she starts coming on to me. We talk a little and i figure, \"she isn't bad looking, why not flirt back?\" mistake #1. Now it's been a week and i really don't like b anymore, but b likes me even more and i don't wanna crush her feelings
i woke up to go to a friends house and began to back down my driveway, when my car makes an awful, just absolutely horrible screeching and grinding sound . after about an hour of waiting, they inform me that i have about $2000 dollars worth of repairs to be done on my car . Now i need to fix my transmission, alignment, sway bar, and a variety of other small fixes for which i do not have the money for .
I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a
this wasn't actually today, couple of years back (17 at the time) but still, i feel you should all know and laugh! as i was underage i couldn't go to the shop and buy some beer so i had to scout around the house to find some sufficient alcohol. i stumble upon an un-opened liter bottle of jd. jackpot! by the time the bus had arrived, i had already consumed a good 1/4 of the bottle. i then decide it's a good idea to go and sit outside, stark bollock naked, and have a cig.
recently my headset stopped working so i have been using earbuds to listen to games and videos on my computer . i wanted to watch a movie on netflix and having no speakers other than the earbuds i decided to move my computer closer to my bed so i could lay in it an watch the movie . my desk is a glass desk and my computer case has rubber feet . the one slight inch or two killed my computer. it blue screened and restarted so i just turned it off and went to bed. i woke up this morning and turned it on. it brought up a screen called startup repair. i sat
i've paid one bill and got food and spent frivilous money on other stuff. i should have saved until next week so i could float from check to check. i'm the one out of my partner and i who have a job. so we don't have money for gas or rent. so we don't have money for gas or rent. but, my credit card is now brought current. so yay!
on my tv screen i'm watching django. during one of the whipping scenes i remember a extremely funny racist joke and i laughed out loud. i see the black guy glancing at my screen in curiosity which i see gradually turn to extreme anger. i then feel his eyes drilling a hole in the side of my head for the rest of the flight, and as we exit the flight until i beeline for the restroom and hide there for 15 minutes.
i set my ipad on top so i can strap my son in the carseat .  needless to say going down the road doing 55 and my wife goes \"did you leave something on top of the car?\" So we turn around and there's my ipad on the blacktop... update: sorry guys was at a gig and couldn't update.
i started a relationship with the most amazing girl i have ever met. close to that time, i got a little flirty with a friend of mine but we ended it pretty quickly. long story short, it turns out my dream girl knew the whole time. i told her tonight and our future is now uncertain.
i left the window to my second story bedroom window wide open with the light on. coming in from my roof i notice a few flies in my room. my bedroom light acted as a beacon for over 500 flies and they were swarming on the ceiling like some classic horror movie shit. i noped the hell out of there and after an hour and burnt out vacuum belt i finally got the situation under control. happy fourth every one.
i was friendly at work with managers in another department who were still technically supervisors to me. this meant no fraternization because to them i was \"staff\" even though we are close in age. After i gave my two weeks one of the managers and i are in private and he says to me, \" good thing about you not working here anymore is now we can *talk*...\" i was caught off guard and laughed it off, but i was flattered. He said he just wanted to talk, and talk he does. he claims his wife doesn't want to hear about his day blah blah blah, just
i forgot to turn the truck's wheels towards the curb and make sure it was in park. my truck rolled into the street, nearly getting hit by an oncoming car, and ended up scrapping the bumper of the dodge caravan behind me before i hit the brakes and put it into park.  luckily, no one was inside the van, and all the caravan had on it was scratch marks on the bumper.
i'm outside, enjoying a view from my friends house (he threw a party) and drinking my soda. however, this fly to come and buzz around my drink and lands on the lid of my soda. i start to get up to wash it, but i decide it would be nice to kill this fly first. so i grab a sandal stay motionless and wait for it to land. it lands and i take a swing.  midway through my swing, i realize that it's on my nuts. but it's too late.
out drinking with friends, acquaintance joins uninvited, but leaves to grab his taco truck food. i take the opportunity to run my fucking mouth about how much he annoys me, which he kinda does, but not to the extent my drunk ass went off on.
my poor tootsie was literally stuck to that damn wonderful pad of mine.my pubes where stuck to it as well and it was a pain in the \"vagina\" my lady parts still hurt, and i have a zip lock bag filled with ice on them. i don't think i ever wanted to cry as much as i did today. my lady parts still hurt, and i have a zip lock bag filled with ice on them.
i was helping my older friend clean her house for some easy cash and i noticed a picture on her fridge as i was cleaning her dishes. it was a guy's senior picture, so he was about my age when it was taken, and i asked my friend, jokingly, if she had his number and if he was single, because he's \"fiiiiiiiiine!\" She then turned to me with a solemn expression and said, \"that's my nephew. he graduated high school last year and went hiking with some friends before they left for college. he tripped, hit his head on a rock,
Two years ago i was with my girlfriend who probably wholeheartedly liked me as i went missing for over two years before i returned to her . Well since i decided hey she actually waited why not give her a chance and bring her to meet my friends to gather opinions. Well it all went well on that day and since it was an island resort(i paid everything for her and god heavens it wasn't cheap considering i was on a part-time job and studying) Well sometime later, i found out that she was getting baking advice from the second guy as she decided to bake brownies for me and wanted to meet
my mother has a 10 second ring tone on the home phone and because my room is at the opposite side of the house than the phone i usually jump out of my chair and bolt. the phone started to ring. after taking off my headphones i performed my running ritual. not worrying about the noise at the time i picked up the phone, only to be harassed by silly telemarketers. my headphone cord has been completely separated from the jack that i put in my computer. $150 down the drain.
i don't want to seem like a dick, but you guys probably all are, so i quess it;s really a non-issue. i for one have a hard time believing 95% of the shit submitted on this subreddit. i'd like to formally push for a \"pics or it didn't happen policy\" to be enacted and enforced with vehemence.
i haven't seen my gf in a while (few months) so i've kinda just let my mane rage pretty hard. i finally had a date lined up tonight so i was like yeah might as well manscape a little bit. well it essentially worked, was able to throw away the band aid and stop the bleeding before she went down there, so mission accomplished.
\"i had a raging erection and was trying to fix it by giving myself a belt buckle\" \"i couldn't even hardly sleep that night, until i was pretty sure i was shooting air out of my dick\" \"i ran out of the shower without even cleaning any of the mess up\"
instead of playing basketball we play dodgeball. so i'm all by myself against 20 other people. the ball was thrown at my legs so my first instinct was to jump over the ball. i jump ontop of the ball and slamming into the ground. i broke my jaw and fractured the lower part of my sine.
i was pretty drunk and decided to piss into an empty beer cup . i actually held it in my mouth for a split second, in disbelief, and then spit it out .
as i was walking (20 minutes from my house) my neighbor gives me a ride to his house . As i am walking in i heard moaning noises ( my friend likes porn) so as i enter his room to my surprise it wasn t a film as i thought .
feeding my one month old daughter and my hair falls into my face. i try to do the hair flippy thingy, where you 'flick' your neck quickly, to get it out of my eyes. i now have terrible whiplash and cannot look down at my daughter when she sits in my lap.
i have 18 minutes to get to an interview for a job that's going to increase my pay by 20% . i just start the car and fly out of my complex. 1:43ish. my stomach is feeling unsettled because of my frustration. i make it to the highway. and fly! i, of course, still had to tie my shoes and fix my tie, but i could do that quickly. maybe in a minute. i ended up waiting on them! interview goes...well. felt shit crusting on my ass cheeks during interview.
i now no longer will be attending the out of state college i earlier planned on, prom, or graduation parties, all privileges revoked . The cops got called, luckily they were extremely nice and didn't give a single mic or me any fines however the conversation with my parents didn't go over well .
In a second my 2.5 gb free space would become 11gb and i would lose all data on my phone . Even after deletion the files still appeared on my pc so i restarted the phone which i think cemented my loss of music, photos, important documents, etc.
my phone automatically uploads every photo to my dropbox . I figured this out now and ofc. deleted the pictures . I can only hope nobody actually was visiting dropbox lately .
sorbitol is used in any \"sugar-free\" foods and apparently eating it in excess may cause \"explosive diarrhea\" Sorbitol not even once.
so there were two classes, both taught by the same prof. the exam was pretty big too, as it was worth 50% of the final grade.  anyway, the class codes were exactly the same, with the exception of one letter being switched with another.
pear bounced off the ceiling and hit a couple other objects before landing unceremoniously on the ground . blue coloured cleaner and a white ceiling aren't best of friends . since it was just a white ceiling, i thought that since it was just a white ceiling, i could paint over the spot with some white paint that they had left over after finishing the house . what i didn't know was that the ceiling was done with a matte finish while the paint i was using was a semi-gloss finish .
i've had some problems with my arm recently, and this was the breaking point. i heard a loud \"pop\" and a shooting pain in my elbow. i butchered the pitch totally, and it flew at our dugout.
i was rushing while in the shower and put shampoo in my hands to wash my hair and rubbed it on my face because i might be retarded. i was helen keller for a good five minutes.
my teacher asked a question about a video game made in Japan titled \"rapeplay\" where the goal of the game is to rape girls. our class was obviously uncomfortable about the game. he asked why that should be illegal, and call of duty should be legal.
i work in a university theatre, and today there was an unexplained ladder in our studio theatre . when i was descending, i felt a prickling inmy arms. when i got to the bottom, they felt like they were on fire . after washing them twice more, and putting on a soothing lotion, and taking benadryl, they are bright red, covered with tiny angry bumps .
recently i have been caught at my school with alcohol, which in turn made some of my friends kind of sketched out, and i lost some of my friends. well, a few weeks passed and i was staying clean, spring break came, and of course i partied, plus it was my birhday, but i didn't really go to hard. well after i left to go smoke and came back, i was smelling up the radio room, so i decided that with an hour before my show i would go air out. well it didn't work, so i sat in the master control alone
i've been bulimic for a while and in order to hide the teeth marks, i tried to use other instruments to trigger my gagging . One day i waited for my roommate to go to class so i could do it and went about my routine, swallowed a little bit and thought nothing of it . i stood there in shock for a second as i gasped and grabbed my throat, but i could breathe. i was so scared, i rushed for my toothbrush and started shoving it down there to try and throw the tampon back up and i ended up with a mess of vomit and blood all over my
the device was only $20, and they would get a replacement on their next trip to bed, bath & beyond . the device initially showed dashes, shut completely off just about immediately, and wouldn't turn on after that, even after replacing batteries .
i was about to give my roommate a ride to work this morning but i needed to check the coolant level in my car first .  as my car hood doesnt stay up on its own, i held the hood with one hand and was about to take the cap off the coolant resivour with the other which led me to putting my keys down .  finished topping off the coolant, i went to pick up my keys and they fell into the hole i had placed them on the edge of, right into the spot behind my headlight . Kevin had the bright idea to fish them out with a coat hanger,
my girlfriend lives just over an hour away from where i live and we often meet up halfway. last night i'd been invited to play a gig with a group at my local town's festival and i'd invited her to come but she couldn't (her parents couldn't bring her). at about 22:30 a friend of mine showed up and said he needed me to come downstairs: my girlfriend was there, she thought she'd surprise me and come to my house. i was so grateful and i decided to take her to a private place. where i live there are lots of beaches so
my brother asked what the truffle shuffle was. i jokingly demonstrated. my mom walked in, and i had to explain. i was talking to my brother about something, and i was talking about how somebody at a popular panel for an expo did the truffle shuffle. my brother asked what the truffle shuffle was. i jokingly demonstrated. my mom walked in, and i had to explain.
I am a very trusting person by nature. repeatedly in the past i have had people fuck me over and use that trust to get what they want from me. Now i'm with a great guy who is nothing but wonderful to me. he does his best to take care of me and teach me new things every day and is an all around wonderful person. However there is this one issue he has been trying to help me with, trusting people to much. He always tells me i shouldn't blatantly trust anyone, not even him, like i do.
i downloaded 'a serbian film' as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend. after getting home, i realized that i had given her the wrong one, the one i gave her only had one file on it, the movie 'a serbian film' i downloaded it as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend.
student loans are having problems right now so i may have to pay out of pocket and be reimbursed . i may have to wait until January to start school. all of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste .
we had a nice dinner, but all throughout the meal she was being very flirty and playful in an erotic sort of way .  let's just say ol' willy got a rise out of all the attention. cut to the end of the meal. we paid for the meal and walked out the door. then, suddenly, it happened: my shorts just slid down my legs on their own volition, **right as new customers were approaching the front door.** private johnson was still at attention at this point, but thankfully it was dark enough that nobody noticed.
i'm a lot more sensitive to prescription drugs, so painkillers make me hallucinate . i sit at my desk, and my keyboard starts melting. or so that's what i thought . my laptop grew a face and began yelling at me. turns out the laptop wasn't yelling, it was my boss. my boss promptly called security and i was tackled out of my chair. that was the last thing i remembered .
i was in the bed of a truck, just stopped at a local bar . decided i could just hop our and nope! my knee buckled and i was on the ground . people telling me they'd help me in, that its okay. it was but wasn't .
My sink had been leaking, or rather, had a slight drip when off for a few months. i decided i'd like to fix it. read a bunch of articles on it, went to home depot, and got me a replacement knob and o-rings. every article mentioned \"turning the water supply off.\" try as i might, the valves underneath my sink just wouldn't turn. it seems they were rusted shut. where my hot water knob used to be, an insane geyser. it's shooting 6+ feet up to the ceiling. i immediately drop to the floor to try and get
/u/sixstringthing's fuck up reminded me of when i pissed on someone. i was in the washroom at school at the end of the day and was peeing in a urinal next to my friend justin. we were talking about something and then i slightly turned, not realizing i was doing so. he's a small guy, so i ended up peeing all over his arm. we finished our business and he walked over to the sink and washed his arm off. when i talked to him the next day at school, he told me he took like three showers that night.
i was laying in bed and my toenail on my toe next to my pinky on my left foot was getting snagged in my blanket cause it had a slight hangnail. As soon as i begin, before there is ever a chance for correction, the nail goes on a straight downward angle and i'm stuck with it peeled halfway down and left in searing pain. i then promptly cringed my teeth as hard as humanly possible and quickly tore off the whole thing.
this actually happened when i was around 8 or 9 so this is more of a 6yaifu. i was really sick with a fever and a bad cold and i didn't know what diarrhea was and i didn't know i had it.
i went out for a run, and i came back and just went straight to the small couch of my flat and started doing **it**. in a panic, my arm hit the wall and i could instantly feel that it was broken, or at least something was wrong. i tried to shout or say something like go away, but it was my step-sister who had a key to the house, and in a panic with my arm still in my pants and one arm broken/shattered, i instantly stood up and tripped over my own pants that was down at my ankles, falling down and breaking my nose
i always thought it was a cool little thing to have in this sub and it seems to have died out. what gives? i always thought it was a cool little thing to have in this sub and it seems to have died out. what gives?
my dad got the text that was meant for my dealer .  im not worried about my dad... its what happens if my step mom finds it .
can we convince the mods/admins to update the fuotw more frequently? there have been some classic fuckups in the past few weeks and it'd be great to see them on the sidebar.
she just got back and was just stood behind me while i was on the computer with her hand on my shoulder. i was in a funny mood and very naively decided to lick her hand to try and playfully annoy her a bit. it was then that she informed me she had spent the last half hour at the hospital cleaning up a patients piss and she hadn't had a chance to wash her hands yet.
i stupidly placed my guitar on my expensive headphones. this wasn't stupid because it could break them, it was stupid because once i finished writing down the a, a#, e, and e# bar chords, class was ending. the last thing i packed was my guitar, and so once i grabbed it, i didn't look back to see my headphones. the second fuck up is more of an embarrassment, and how i choose my fate.
i've been talking to this girl for a few months . We talk everyday for hours and i had been to visit her a couple of times before .  more recently i've been feeling like there really is a connection there .
the yolk broke, leaving me with this [abortion](http://seenly.com/ggkrflap.jpg) i was making ramen, to which i like to add an egg, and i thought i'd do something different: rather than my usual \"egg drop\" method (where you drizzle a beaten egg into the ramen while stirring), i just dropped the whole egg in.
i didn't know about reddit so that's why i'm posting it now, anyways i was outside with some of my buddies and a bright idea came to me.  lets make a fire with gasoline! so i found some jerry cans and filled up a bucket. i asked my friend for his lighter and we lit it, after a few minutes we got bored and decided to put it out. like the dumbass i am i grabbed the hose and put it into the bucket, making the fire much bigger. panicking i turned off the water and decided to kick the bucket, spreading all over my lawn
my friend and i ate a bunch of edibles, and then invited the delegation into our room for drinks (mind you, the hotel has a strict no alcohol policy) we then proceed to receive noise complaint after noise complaint, until the hotel night manager decides she's had enough and brings a security guard up to our room . we then proceed to ask her what the matter is, and she says that we're about to be evicted from the hotel . we then inform the manager that \"i have it under control, i'm in a frat!\" she then has no words, and says
i was at a bar with my friend and his gf. they were both dancing and i was hanging out by myself basically . then this girl approaches me and we start dancing. one thing leads to another and we start making out. then she put her hand down my pants for an under the pants hj. this time she proceeds to unzip my pants and started performing fellatio on me.
my underwear and shorts scraped up all of the icy-hot from my thighs and collected it on my ass. so i had to go through the rest of the two-and-a-half hour practice with burning asscheeks.
\"i'm gonna go for it.\" as soon as she gets back i start making small talk with her and start flirting a little bit. 10 minutes go by full of small talk, teasing, and sexual innuendos before my dad goes \"yeah, ninetytwo92, you should go out and grab a drink with her. since you're the older cousin you have to protect her. but don't let anything happen to her\"
i noticed i hadn't seen my dog in a bit, and went on a search. there are three offices with a couch in two, and a chair in the other. she can normally be found on one of them, or the showroom floor. i see the door to the warehouse is open. damn it. i must have left it open when i went out to check on an item for a customer, then the phone rang, then it rang again. as she approaches i see she is covered in some sort of dark coating. once she is next to me, bam....the smell hits me.
vacuuming was my job, and i was doing a damn good job (imo) i curse silently, turn the vacuum back on and go to work. i had gotten most of it back into the vacuum when the garbage bag was caught by the vacuum and tipped over, spilling the rest of the vacuum's prior contents onto the floor.
i was getting ready to drop my little one at day care and as usual go start the car. typically i first put her in car seat, but this time for whatever reason started the car first. my driveway is at the angle so when i park the car nose facing the road i put gear in reverse, e-break on. so my daughter is standing just to the left of driver's side rear door. i push the clutch in, start the car, but forget to put gear in neutral. car jerks back pretty fast but not by much. this scared the hell out of my daughter pretty bad
if it was soft boiled it probably wouldn't have been so bad. but it was so bad. i just popped the whole thing in there, started chewing and was ambushed by a sneeze before any swallowing could happen.
i'd just gotten out of the shower, so i was only in my underwear when i stumbled backwards and trod on a plug . the gash has taken a huge lump out of my foot and i realise i won't be able to do anything for my birthday in two weeks . i'm not going to the doctors because they're going to tell me it's a viral infection, so i got my mum to play nurse and bandage up my foot .
it fell off on the motorway hit a car and almost caused a huge accident. the ladder was destroyed in the process. feels bad man. scared the shit out of me.
i went to the shore to see a girl, and she was really really into me. i started drinking; 10 beers and two 40s later i was out of it. she finally txtd me and i walked there and kept drinking, which was not a good idea. luckily my friends were not drinking at all so they took care of me. i threw up to get sober for her, and i just kept throwing up. then they eventually kicked me out.
fast forward today and my mom is crying because i told her. now she's going on and on about i was gonna get expelled for being athiest. damnit.
i first got my ipod 4th generation 3-4 years ago, and have not updated it since. there were over 900 pictures on it, and over 100 songs, most of which were acquired by downloading the music off cd's i checked out at the library. after i synced it to my computer and downloaded the newest software none of the pictures or music were saved.
i came to the back to sit down for a minute. hopefully no one comes in in the next few minutes cause if they do they will see a mountain of a man talking soprano.
traded a guy for a sprint phone, clean esn but he forgot to deactivate it from his account. my phone that im replacing that i used to text him has just bricked and he has removed the craigslist post so i can't find his phone number again. i tried sprint live chat and they just keep saying to contact him despite me making it clear it's near impossible.
i was curious, so i pick up the log a little bit to see him, and as i'm holding it my dog startled me knocking me off balance. the log falls on his little arm, shoulder, and part of his head. i couldn't just let him slowly die, so i look around for something to put him out of his misery with. i pick up the shovel to my immediate right and put it through the poor guy's brain stem.
i recently started working at a new client. every month there's new clients, and projects, etc. by this time, half the office's men has already made comments about my appearance. i've been fending off advances and flirting for two days straight, just vultures circling trying to see where they can get a gap to close in. i went to work this morning, completely expecting to have the second most aweful day of my carreer. on the way, on the train, while trying to calm my fluttery tummy and incredible nerves. i decided to handle it as if
i bought a broken end table at a flea market for about $10, liked the design, and figured i'd slap some paint on it and make it pretty . my deposit was about $500, which i'm pretty sure there's now way i'm getting back now .
also a bird shat on my head, it is almost 30 degrees and i have no shade, no one to talk to, and an old fat construction worker keeps staring at me.
i'm a good looking guy so i'm not worried but i sat right next right to this beautiful blonde huge rack i mean she is smoking hot and she's like i have been waiting for you to sit here so i smile and we have a civil flirty conversation . I sneezed right all over her face and in her mouth she then moved away and now i will not be talking to her again .
i was trying to go to the bathroom and my sister kept tying to open the door back up. not thinking about where her fingers were, i slammed the door shut and heard a yelp of pain. i opened the door to find her and her bloody nub of a finger. Luckily my mom had been there and called 911 just in time to have them re-attach it and today it's as good as new.
i don't eat chocolate much as it's not really my thing but i do every so often and it happens that i fancy a turkish delight. spin the needle into my insulin pen, dial it all up, inject 4 units (1 unit for each 10 carbs) and then eat it. perfect. i felt a sharp, burning pain in my wrist, though more my hand and it took a while for me to realize it was quite serious pain. an inch long cut just above my wrist veins but just below the base of my hand, looking much deeper than i first thought.
after a few more drinks we go to the bar to conclude the night and of course i'm still thinking about sex the whole time. i'm still horny as a 13 yo who just saw his first porno so i go up to my girlfriend to wake her by telling her how much i want to fuck her and she is, luckily for me, very responsive and wants to have rough sex. we have one of those crazy sex session, it's amazing, she's screaming out of joy, it's awesome! by the time she come back, i was already asleep and snoring
i lost control in a curve (rear-wheel drive), hit a tree, then hit another tree .  luckily i came out in one piece, with just a small scratch on my arm and a few bruises .
should i pour milk in my butthole? or just put ice cubes in there.. i have yoghurt, that might work. holy fucking shit it burns!!
I m from iceland and used to have the occasional whale steak (the non-endangered one) on my bbq in the summer . I put one of the big fellas in my hamburger last week, thinking he might find the silly icelander a bit entertaining . I was surrounded by four huge guys from this organisation telling me how wrong it was to do this, how unethical i was and pretty much got bombarded with anti whaling propaganda .
i was picking up my sister from a friends party when i decided to try the zip line . I hit the car's driver side door with my full momentum and my head whip lashed over the frame of the door . Within seconds there was a pack of little girls screaming bloody murder, and telling everyone i was dead .
i excused myself to the bathroom and started my shit. i thought it would be a normal one but it decides to be the wettest shit ever. best way to explain it is it looked like a cow's shit. i tried to flush noting happened, it just stayed.  fast forward to a couple hours later and i'm on skype with the friend. he's telling me that it wouldn't go down and my shit was fermenting in the toilet for a couple hours. i'm also not allowed over again and they had to call a plumber which i'm probably going to have to
i parked next to a curb with a streetlamp on it, but didn't think anything of it.  confused, i continue backing out, then i started to hear and feel the dreaded scraping of my right bumper. my car is literally trapped by the right bumper on this large curb. i get back in and start frantically backing out only continuing to damage it even more. i then re-park it to examine just what the hell happened and i ended up putting a huge dent in the right side along with horrendous scuffs and scratches to the paint.
My roommate's assigned parking spot is to the right of mine, so i have to watch my right-front corner so it doesn't hit her rear-left corner . when i was coming home from work i was pulling into my parking spot like i've done many, many times before, except this time i misjudged the distance between my car's front bumper and my roommate's car's rear bumper and ended up bumping into it . Now there are scratches on both our cars (mine got it worse), and i'm trying to figure out the next step .
i forget to close said sunroof. 4 inches of snow in my car and a squirrel. Illinois is literally the shittiest place on earth eating mcdonalds in shame in the library.
\"hi, aaron!\" the guy looks at me with a confused look and i realized it wasn't aaron. because aaron died in a car crash in high school. \"oh, sorry, you looked like a guy i used to know, you can't be him.\" the guy says to me \"aaron (last name)?\" \"yeah, how did you know?\" and he says....\"because i'm his little brother.\"
last night i decided to go out drinking with some friends, one of which i used to have strong feelings for. got her to a fun tipsy drunk level and stopped and started giving her water. never bought her a drink at the bar, just water...i however, kept drinking. left, got burgers, and got back to her friends house.  proceeded to spill my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings for her, making things awkward for everyone around.
my gf was over so we decided to wrestle/cuddle . she was on my lap pinning me down and it looked like we were having sexy time . i ate taco bell and a prune smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well . it wasn't normal shit it was taco-bell-smoothie shit. it stained the white sheets and now my gf isn't talking to me .
i let my virgin gf try to deepthroat me on a full stomach . we've had gags and short breath incidents in the past but... she gets on her knees and i stand at the edge of the bed, towering over her as she generously strokes and suctions my manhood deeper and deeper into her mouth. this continues while i rub her wet, virgin pussy as she attempts to take me deeper...and deeper into her throat until she says, with my dick in her mouth \"i wanth you thwo fuck my thwoat\"
my best friend was sent home from school because she had an upset stomach. i went over her house today to see how she was doing. she still wasn't feeling good, but i stuck around and chatted with her for a few hours since both of her parents were at still work. when i was leaving, she simultaneously projectile vomited down my back and had explosive diarrhea in her pants.
my fiance's 80 yr old grandmother, 'nan', came from England about 2 weeks ago . last night she was there to witness my proposal . i called and woke the fiance just after i pulled out of the driveway, to which she leaped out of bed and changed the channel . the best part: i don't think she wore a shirt to bed, and with the voracity with which she jumped out of bed and into the living room... i don't think she was fully clothed.
a guy comes in behind him and asks for twenty dollars on pump 13 . The cop takes off after him, thinking he drove off without pumping his gas and therefore is drunk . Turns out the guy was taken to jail for driving on suspended, they were doing blood work for suspicion of drugs .
i was talking on my phone, a bit tipsy, dishing my hopes and woes to someone too late into the night before work. my phone died, and in a rush i went upstairs to plug it back in. leaving my purse downstairs all night. with cash, and my car keys, 15 feet from my car. by the grace of the universe, and a god damn fucking miracle, it was sitting there when i frantically ran down from my apt praying to the sweet baby jesus it and my car were still there.
my mate and i were on our way to a party, i had a bag with me holding all our drinks and my friends computer (fucked if i knew why he brought a computer to a party)  Anyway we got to the platform our trains leaving from and i see the train sitting there, so i shit myself because i thought it was leaving and proceed to commando dive onto the train and break all the beers in my bag, ruining my clothes and my friends computer . my friend then casually walks in after me and asks me what the fuck i am doing. turns out the train didnt leave for 10 minutes.
i went into the kitchen, grabbed a glass from the cupboard and filled it with ice cold water. nothing could go wrong at this point and i was feeling good from the drinking that ice cold water. because it was hot i decided to hold the cold glass up to my forehead, cooling myself down. i walked around the house for a bit with a glass stupidly held to my head for ten minutes. i tripped over my dog and smashed the glass and my head on the ground. i ended up with 30 stitches on my face and 10 on my hands.
when my friend (a year above me) transferred into the highschool i didn't see her for a year until i got there, and her voice changed. it got really raspy like she'd lost it.  fast forward three weeks and i see her again and her voice was still raspy and i ask how her voice is still gone and she punches me in the arm and continues talking to whoever she was. i didn't even realize until another few weeks had passes and my friend was talking about her voice change and it hit me.
...and breaking his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow)
i dropped a glass measuring cup on on the ground and it shattered.  naturally, i started cutting things with it, seeing how sharp it was, and it worked very well. the band-aid was filled up with blood too quickly so i had to cut the circulation to my finger using my earphone cord.
It was cold enough that the rapid cooling of the glass in the back window shattered the entire thing. now there's glass all over the back seat and up by the back window. such a great way to start the week.
i haven't completed the requited sat subject tests. it cost $80 to apply to mit and i have spent hours on the many essays required. now that may be all flushed down the fucking toilet. i can still take the tests, but they'll cost $78 and my mom won't pay for them.
i'm 20 and haven't pissed the bed for 15 years. i'm hoping against hope this never leaves the room, or the internet. my piss soaked boxers are hurled in the bin never to be seen again.
i was with some friends at the tail end of a night of fireball shots when the guy i kind of like asked me to \"do something sexy\" i decided to show off my ability to do a complete backbend from a standing position. halfway down, it happened. near tears, i crafted a lame drunken excuse to leave. if they found out, they never mentioned it.
i woke up this morning with a very bad cough, that phlegm just won't go out! i don't usually drink treatment meds but this time it's just so bad, i went looking for some robitussin . i was so sure i saw one on the shelf the other day so i went for it but it wasn't there, after looking around in desperation and wild coughing, i finally found it by the sink, got myself a spoonful and drank it right down . it tasted a bit weird, the taste was familiar but it doesn't taste like cough syrup at all
i left a bag full of my secret things in a closet intending to move it later, and she found it. this bag contains several bits of sexy lingerie (i like to feel sexy sometimes), several dildoes and vibrators, anal lube, make up, chastity cage, flesh lite.
im going about 30 on the outer lane being cautious of the ice when suddenly two state trooper squad cars appear on the side dealing with another collision . so me being the law abiding citizen decides to switch to the inner lane so i dont get ticketed for not doing it .
so i was sat in class today trucking through my work and i hear laughing from behind me . i went to get a pencil from my blazer pocket, my phone was also meant to be in the same pocket as the pencil so imagine the look on my face when there was no phone to be found . These guys had taken my phone so they gave me it back and asked me to check my messages . So that's what i do, i see that they sent new messages to my mother so i took the risk of reading these messages, what i saw did not make me happy in the slightest 
It takes at least 5-10 minutes to get hot water this early in the morning. One foot in (ahh that feels good, scalding hot but i can fix that once i am in) step in with second foot... crunch. it wasn\u2019t me and whatever it was it should not be under my foot. keeping calm so that i didn\u2019t flail, fall, scald myself on the really hot water or wake up everyone, i lifted my foot and examine whatever was under my foot. he was flattened like a pancake, all 8 of his legs dangling in the flowing water. he looked like a small
an acquaintance of mine told me today that not only did i pass, but my grade was high enough that was called to accept the job... a month ago. since i didn't know, i lost the job and i really feel like dying right about now.
i went downstairs to grab a midnight snack, their family precious beagle found me and followed me up . the beagle climbed on the bed and was dragging his ass across the portion of the sheets i wasn't on, howling . i attempted to smack him off the bed, and he plopped down with a bark, shitting on the carpet. he then dragged his ass 'all over town' i think this goes to show how whenever these lovely things happen to me, and i try to defend myself, i have to clean up poo all over a white carped from a proud dog .
i'm new enough to reddit that i hadn't yet heard these stories. i saw comments regarding them on a thread. and now i'm going to vomit everywhere.
recently i had gotten strep throat and i was still recuperating from it . i took 2 pills this morning and they were not working out for me . the whole day i felt like crap and i just wanted to go home. i shut up and just took notes. it was very hard to focus knowing you had shit in your pants .
she is a cancer patient who got hired during a period of good health, but then took a turn for the worse and had to go on chemo again. the horrible part is that she refuses to take time off, and instead drags her irradiated, neuropathic, exhausted self to work every night...and is worse than useless at the job once she\u2019s here.
pine needles make a great tea, just rinse them off first and then boil them, its cool because bear grylls does it all the time!\" i wash them off pretty well, start the hot water maker, and put a good amount of needles in the bottom of a mug.  pour the water, let it steep, smells great, mash the needles around the extract more of that lovely smell, and head over to watch some netflix on my computer. here is how i almost died...not sure why, but something inside of me was curious as to what exactly kind of pine needles i was using, and
my strategy when masturbating is as follows: if i hear the tattoo machine running, my boyfriend is clearly not about to wander in the room. i pull up some nasty lesbian ass fetish porn on my phone, bust out the vibrator, and suddenly remember that my roommates dog at the foot of my bed.
i just got off work and headed over to my local liquor store. i use my fake i.d. and freely walk out the door with the bottle in a brown bag in my hand. i instantly see my cousolar from school scoping me out from his truck.
i decided to take a chug so i wouldn't be so dehydrated later on. as soon as i took a sip, i instantly spit it out. it had the saltiest taste ever, and taking a closer look at it, it looked pretty cloudy. to my amazement, it was an entire bottle full of magnesium sulfate, completely useless to me.
    "error": "Unknown error
she has always been very anti-blowjob in her life, but she wanted to try it out with me and found that she actually loves it and now can't seem to get enough of it . We lay in the dark for a while, but when i got up to pee i looked down and noticed that the entire head of my penis was bright red . it's now sore beyond belief and every time it rubs up against my jeans it is incredibly painful .
after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i
i was taking a test in class, when suddenly i had to piss really bad. unfortunately, this professor was the type that wouldn't let you leave the class during a test for any reason, or he'd take the test and grade you based on what you had completed so far. by the time i was done and could leave, i could feel some turbo-shits knocking on my anal sphincter. an hour later, my laptop bag smelled like a porta-potty. it smells like i dipped it in urine, then set it out in the sun to dry.
i've been feeling under the weather for the past couple of days. things are crazy with work so i don't want to take any more time off. i'm feeling miserable and then in my desk, i remember i have some cold medicine. it says that it's for common colds. so i pop one down the hatch and keep along my merry way.
i picked up this pretty german girl from a house party and we were at her place. Started to think that whoa this girl is getting super wet super fast. It looked like a scene from a horror movie, blood was all over her, myface and her sheets. After sobering up i started to think it was propably not as cool of a joke for her as it was for me.
i told my roommate that it wasn't possible to room with him since he's not a student manager . Since he knew me and i hadn't answered right away to my supervisor or to him telling him he had to leave, they said that i was very close to losing my position for the summer .
i was sitting at my desk carrying on with my bid'ness as usual when my monitors start to pulsate . my eyes would stay open for 2 seconds at a time and i could barely walk . i tried to cover my legs and stuff as much as possible, but it's not really an easy thing or a priority to cover your underwear when the only care in your life is sleep .
She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth
i just got the new tomb raider for like 20 bucks the other day. So when I saw dead space 1 and 2 i figured, \"wow people say great things about that game\" and it's only 10 bucks for both.
I showed up to my class this morning only to find an empty classroom . Double checked the final schedule online and yep my final was yesterday . I was able to get in touch with my professor and schedule a make up .
lock the door on my way out of the house, and once the door is shut i realised that i left my keys in the house. i could get out of the garage, with the remote to open the roller door. but i don't have car key to go to work, and i don't have a way of getting back into the house.  so i devise a plan to break back through the door. i use this to pry the door open. the door trim becomes partially detached, but not too bad.. and the metal piece to hold the lock onto the door frame pops off and the
my other friend (let's call him max) messages me saying \"man he is getting really worked up\" i messages him back saying \" yeah, jake can get pretty defensive\" then jake gets really quiet.  evidently i sent the message to jake, he got very angry and left.
i've been having some family issues, i'm pretty sure i'm emotionally unstable, i have a tendency to hold everything in, and i've failed every single class this year . when i was younger i had a bad home life and the way i learned to deal with things when shit got tough was to just push everybody away . he is my first boyfriend so i didn't realize a \"break\" was such a big deal. in his past relationships the so called \"breaks\" just ended up meaning that they wanted to break up .
i kept pushing to go to the beach with friends when one of them was uncomfortable with me being there. i think i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick.
I am on a probationary period and the only thing i was ever told to be mindful of was attendance . I tend to leave at 25 minutes before the start of my shift and then run to the time clock . Now i got 2 late attendance issues and i even got talked to by a supervisor. he said not to come in late again because he really likes me and wants to see me succeed .
just like five 30 minutes ago, i came home from work and stopped at the store to get two tubs of ice cream cause i'm cool like that. Just a minute ago my mom yelled from across the house and asked were i put the ice cream i looked in the floor next to me and picked up the tub only to feel a luke warm soup of what used to be icecream. i proceeded to do the walk of shame into the kitchen to place the soup in the kitchen to allow it to freeze, it may be minor but i feel so stupid.
i'm like 5 foot something and 120 lbs. i had been meaning to go to my local gym's weight room for months now, never really got around to it. i have trouble lifting 50 pound amplifiers by myself, without a roadie's aid. i can't even mentally grasp this fuck up.
today's one was with a technical team member, to make sure that i knew my stuff . everything went well, and i was offered the job (amazingly!), to start next week, but have decided to turn it down in favor of another one .  turns out, the management don't know anything about proper development processes for it, and force quick and dirty solutions .
She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't.
this is probably a common occurence here but somehow i need to get this out of my system (haha) i usually don't drink coffee, last night i had two. combined with the binge drinking from a couple days ago (i had not shat in the meantime) i am kinda used to this situation, i am a classic shitbreak and i didn't want to leave my stuff unattended on the train so i decided on trying to hold out. in the bus from the train station to the dorm the situation got more serious. when i finally got out i almost made it to the dorm entrance
why the fuck can i never get it through my head that just because something is tiny and adorable does not mean that it won't bite me? those little bastards have teeth like miniature steak knives.
my parents are giving me a ride home from college today and i packed a small drawstring bag the week before of shit i would need in the car, snacks/bottle of water, shit to play with, book about led zeeplin (\"when giants walked the earth\"so far pretty good and recommend it.).  flashforward to about an hour ago, 45 minutes into the ride, i was digging through the bag looking for something to entertain me and i saw a cookie in a baggie i got about as excited as a five year d would and ate it.  now about 20 minutes ago i am reading my book and
for Christmas i got a three month membership to the local uxl, i wanted a personal trainer as i know nothing about working out. i had a sit down with the head trainer and the overview he gave me was two months in advance, then after that going month to month until i wanted to cancel. While checking my banking i notice there's a $120 charge for for the personal training, after i said something to my trainer about noting wanting to renew. i talk to the guy, who's a real dick head, and he just puts on a shit eating grin and said yeah that was for a
i forgot to put sugar in my coffee. no problem. i try to snap the plastic lid back onto my coffee and struggle. almost my entire iced coffee goes spilling all over the little table with cream, sugars, and stirrers and all over the nearby trash can. i get about 10 napkins and try to mop up all the coffee but it's too much, fuck. i realize now i should tell the employees. but then it dawns on me there are no other customers, and the employees cannot see me.
over the week i wasn't able to find a decent gift that i thought would be liked so planned on sending a card or e-card . Mom gets pissed as my brother completely forgot as well, won't talk to either of us, which don't blame her for. even if i wanted to send a gift now, i feel its too late and even then the idea i had was said not to be good when i asked my dad's opinion yet again .
i'll admit, i waited until the last minute. maybe that was my first fu. going through the ordering process on auto-pilot, it seems as if i just didn't read the headings and switched billing address with shipping confirmation email... read it cmooooooon. cut to this afternoon, we get from the dog park and there are flowers on our door step. i am perplexed as we don't have (human) kids so reaching for the card it suddenly clicks what these might be. yeah, ifu wife thought it was hilarious, and called me dumbass; called mom and she
i woke up this morning and decided that i wanted empty out my motorcycles gas tank and put some new fuel into it. i haven't ran the thing in close to a year so it made sense (in my head) i put the hose into the motorcycle tank and began sucking. being my first time every doing this, i didn't know how quickly the gas would move and before i knew it, i had a mouthful. i quickly spat it out and rinsed my mouth, but i have been burping up gas all day and it tastes horrible.
girl at work dropped these major hints and i'm too oblivious to realise until now . \"i haven't been to watch a film in ages\" \"we should make it look like we're on a date!\" \"it really upsets me that you're finishing. it really upsets me\"
i had been hanging out with a friend of mine, and ended up driving his sister and cousin into the valley (clubbing suburb) so i didn't get home until about 1030 and i had work the next morning. i was just about to go to bed when another friend called and asked if i wanted to join them at the local pub for last drinks. stupidly i accepted. got very drunk there in a short period of time, then he brought out the bottle of tequila and poured everybody shots. i said \"i'll have the bottle!\" and polished off the three or four shots that were left
my roommate and i had decided to put our beds in bunk beds for the weekend since we were going to have company and the added floor space would help alot. One end of the unit was against a wall and the other was in open space so my roommate took the open side and i proceeded to lay down on the bottom bunk to push the top bunk up and off of the bottom. after a few minutes of helpless struggling my roommate calls me a pussy which of course means he has to try (and succeed) now. a few seconds later after no success he decides hes going to throw his legs into the
my dad has told me over and over and over again not to play soccer in the house. \"you're going to break a goddamn window\" he'd say. i'm 19 years old, i shouldn't be kicking a ball around in the fucking house anyway.
i am at home for a while until i start my new contract, which is to be sent via recorded delivery any moment now. anyway. literally as i'm finishing the doorbell goes and so some of it misses the tissue and goes on my hand. i need to answer the door because it might be my contract which i don't wanna miss, also i don't wanna wipe my cum on myself. i had no choice but to wipe my right hand on the pamphlet behind the door, i then shook both of their hands and watched the man with the walking stick proceed to put his hand on the
/r/cumsluts is the first thing in my chrome auto-complete whenever i type \"www.redd\" in the address bar . i don't browse reddit from my work computer...but i do keep a vnc session to my home server and browse from there, so no history or anything is on my work machine .
i decided that letting the cat play outside wouldn't be a good idea . i got the kids ready for daycare, got dressed, put on my shoes, dropped them off at daycare and went to work. i noticed a terrible piss smell and thought they should really clean better. i slowly realized it might be me that was causing that smell.
i'm sitting at my computer, lolzing at all the fun reddit and r/tifu has to offer, after just preparing myself a delicious smelling, cardboard looking microwave lasagna.  note that i got no drink of water or anything to go with this delightful imitation feast. i burned my tongue and went to go get some water.
in order to get to the total price, you must enter all passengers info. i put random nonsense in each field (sjkadashdkjahsd) and proceeded to book the trip when i seen i could afford it. gf caught it and had to spend the next 2 hours on the phone :( it was fixed, though!
My sister and i are about the same age. she lives in georia with her husband . My wife and i haven't been to church in quite some time, and we aren't really bothered by that . i woke up this morning to a message from my sister, we'll call her dana .
i wake up, parents already gone (i don't have classes today), and i notice the garbage bags. i take them out and don't think about it anymore. a while later my mom calls me to tell me... not to touch the bags she left. they were actually full of old clothes that she wanted to donate.
i'm backing away from the parking spot and *thump* i feel my stomach drop and the van hitting something. behind the van, just a few feet away there is a classic black dodge charger. i quickly got back into the company van and made my exit from this scene. in my defense, the dodge charger is completely parked out of place where there is no room to back away from.
i hit one of these unobtanium pebbles with as much force as a 245 lb, 5'9\" grown man can possibly generate. i managed to fall over my right leg, and was instantly gripped by the most blinding, sense nullifying pain imaginable. my fibula was split in half and dislocated.
i walked in front of 50 people waiting for the same cash register . i didn't really want that sandwich so badly that i would wait in line that long, so i left .
i went to get my eyes checked out about a week ago at cohen's fashion optical . It turns out i have slight astigmatism, -0.75 cycle . They didn't have any glasses i liked so i decided to give contacts a shot . Now it turns out that i can't even get a refund for them, and can only recieve store credit .
i'm talking werewolf meets a parody of a jew sunbathing amount of hair. below my ass is not that bad but on my ass and above it is a dense, dank forest. i have so much of it that i was getting heat rashes in my armpits from the sweat and dirt that built up under the matted layers of hair and it was then that i went to my doctor and she advised me to 'cut some down' i mark this as the seminal moment of my adolescence, and let me tell you, dear reader, like kramer told jerry, 'once you start... you cannot stop
unsubscribing. seriously every day thats all it's anymore. Unsubscribing is not a service, it's a way of life.
i poured my iced tea into my bowl of salad instead of my glass. i wasn't paying attention and poured my iced tea into my bowl of salad instead of my glass.
when i was 17, however, i tore my shoulder up in football practice, and re-tore it wakeboarding, and had to basically quit all of my sports. i was given the option to have surgery, which would have allowed me to possibly play the last game of the season in football, but never be able to throw again, or not have surgery and just do physical therapy and sit out football/track anyway . i picked option #2, since it seemed like i wasn't going to play football/track any more anyway, so i didn't really want to go under the knife .
when i was a young man mowing and watering lawns. at the end of the season i collected all of my hoses form the properties that i cared for. i pulled into a mobil gas station and filled up with super unleaded so that i could get my free wash. i proceeded to the rear of the station to drive through the wash, and once the big old brush came over the hood of my truck, and down to the bed things became very loud and scary.
The first rule of guy hood: do not tell a girl they are fat . The second rule of guy hood: do not tell a girl they are fat .
my boyfriend and i have been together for almost two years and a little over a year . during that time i met someone who i just saw this weekend. well he's very attractive and such and so i was talking to him and made the mistake of telling him i'd do him. i straight up said \"i would fuck you\".
2 weeks into it, i got pretty comfy, and, when getting ready for work in a haste at the crack of dawn, i threw stuff out of my backpack on the floor .  seriously, some kinky-@$$ sh!t. like a bunch of vibrators. and a 16'' double-dildo (what? they are easier to grip, way more). i could not, would not look the man in the eye after he discovered my dong collection (and what's the protocol for that? leave it alone? clean it and wrap a ribbon around? snap a picture and post
my dad has been using ios 4.shit on his iphone 3gs since forever and whatsapp stopped working sometime last month and after being bothered everyday since then i decided to update his phone and install that damn thing. it all goes fine until after i install the program i realize his contacts are missing. i rushed to my laptop, \"it backed up, it should have. fucking god almighty please tell me it did.\" it didn't, his 400+ business contacts or whatever, his pictures, his notes with bank and cheque details basically everything he needs was on that phone and now it isn't.
i met this nice girl in my neighborhood, and got to know her more. i ended up having a crush on her, casually moving towards the \"more than friends\" zone.  meanwhile, i was noticing a trend in the park right in front of my house, where there would be a group of teenagers smoking/dealing weed outside of my house every week.
after a few beers, after a few beers, i managed to trip myself up as i crossed the road. as my hands were in my pockets, i couldn't do anything to stop it and head butted the pavement. as i went to stand, i noticed the blood gushing from my head. i was able to get up and walk home but i had also cut my nose and lip quite badly. as soon as my wife saw it she insisted i go to the hospital to get stitched up.
i haven't played soccer in years, but some of my buddies were playing one morning so i joined up with them. After a few minutes of kicking the ball around i'm standing near the mid-field line, maybe 40-50 yards from the goal, and the guy playing goalie shouts to me, \"hey, 100 bucks if you can score on me from there!\" As soon as i strike the ball, i yell \"fuck!!!\" in excruciating pain, open my eyes, and realize i was still in my bed, dreaming.
my last day working as a manager for a fast food company is Tuesday . My give a fuck broke about half way through my 2 weeks .
so my friend dave keeps changing his skype pic to tits to mess with me (because im straight) so one day i change my pic to a hairy dick, i call him... he wont stop laughing, i realised all my skype friends saw my pic... apparently im a raging homosexual now...
someone let out a spoiler, supposedly in the 2nd book, and another guy was pointing out the spoiler was on the last page of the current book, and i gave that guy the finger . the person running the meeting actually yelled at me at this point and actually disrupted the proceedings far more than i had with what i thought was a playful middle finger .
i'm pretty drunk and am quite sure my paper rawks. i think my bf deployed overseas just proposed to me today. god what i wouldn't give for some scotch.
and getting a zero on the midterm. it's in my cis 125e class. we took the midterm, saved it and submitted it through blackboard, no big deal. except the name of the midterm workbook and the practice workbook are very close, and i didn't change the name. i was pretty out of it before i went to class and happened to click the wrong file, i'm such a dingus :( i really hope i can get this figured out tomorrow.
when i take my tampons out sometimes they kind of get some momentum going and they swing a little . i tried to move it so it didn't hit the toilet and, as a result, it swung directly on my shirt . i got up, cleaned up, looked at my shirt, and there are two red freaking stains on my shirt. period blood. no way to fake a nose bleed either because it was not drops.
i broke a girl's ankle last week while we were playing dodgeball . well, today was our first day back after thanksgiving break . well, now that people know I broke this girl's ankle, they are probably going to think differently of me . i don't know if i should just wait this one out until her ankle heals, or if i really should apologize, even if i have no real idea of who this girl is .
at the end of the shift, i am required to remove the notes from the 3 tills in my kiosk and look after the money until the cash office come to collect it . after something happened, one of the managers sent me off to do another job away from my kiosk, so i left the \u00a3720 in the charge of a colleague . when i returned to the kiosk a couple of minutes later, i was told by the girls that the money had been collected . i was told that thanks to me, \u00a3720 had gone missing - probably walked out of the door in the pockets of my staff
i'm incredibly forgetful but never, ever this much. the only reason i even realized it was because i received an email from the service we use for online classes notifying me that they'd done a routine password reset. i'm scared to go on and check how much work i haven't done... i'm already so backed up with other late work it's crazy.
my landlord gets a cleaner in once a week to spruce the place up and stuff. we are both busy professionals so neither of us have time to clean.  yesterday, my handsome and sexy booty call was too tired from work and didnt want to insult me by being crap in bed. fair enough. some sexy snapchats had been sent back and forth over the past few days so i was riled up and ready to sit on the d. too bad, we have to reschedule for next week. my cleaning lady now knows i masturbate with the showerhead. she has to clean the bathroom next...
last week i forgot my license in the car. today i left my backpack in the car. i have a huge test tomorrow so now it will be difficult to study, i also have a major assignment due tomorrow that is in my backpack.
i forgot to unplug the flash drive from the computer and went back home.  later she contacted me to return the drive to her, and that's when i realized that i have lost it.
Last week I tried anal sex for the first time . It was the best sex of my entire life. every single thrust felt so overwhelmingly awesome. the next day, however, when i went to do my business, i noticed blood on the tp. the next week consisted of some very painful poops. i was crying and painfully shitting out liquid fire through my poor, torn asshole. i finished and proceeded to skip class and cry in my bed for an hour straight.
only to see how much she loves her new lover and how happy she is... and before you tell me fb stalking is a bad idea, i already know and i've been so good leaving her alone. but today my curiosity got the best of me and it really ended up burning me in the ass...like always.
dashlane password manager pops up with a warning about storing unencrypted passwords in your browser . Dashlane listed his logins to every single weird porn site he was subscribed to .
gurgling feeling in my stomach was pressuring me to get the fuck up and use the bathroom . i kept dozing, drifting in and out of sleep for maybe an hour before the pressure in my abdomen could take no more . my roommate turns of the shower and is out of there in record time. if only i had waited.
My friend says to me trying to persuade me to piss in someones garden on a tree, to just pee in one of the empty beer cans. great idea! no mess and it's all nice and tidy. here we go, pissing in a beer can. turns out the edges are pretty sharp and i'm drunk and its cold outside i and the edge of the beer can cuts a deep rift in y cocked that's pressed pretty deep into the beer can-hole as to prevent any spilling. i have cut my head and it's bleeding profusely both due to the cold and the
i'm terrified as i don't want to explain this to my boss, very religious and sentimental about traditions like this . i'm terrified as i don't want to explain this to my boss, very religious and sentimental about traditions like this and have to pay and arm and a leg for a replacement . i used everything! bleach, windex, drain-o and even paint thinner!
one of my roommate's left his door open and i thought it would be a great idea to look around in his computer to find out more about him.  also grabbed his external and went looking around there. i don't remember anything from what i found (probably blacked out a bit) but i do remember him coming home and being furious with me.
she started to get closer and closer until was basically dancing with me, one thing to another and we started kissing. as soon as he saw the picture he recognized her sister. i knew he had a sister but i had never seen her, and i had no clue that she was my friend's sister, although i have a small suspicious that she knew who i was.
My prof sent my class an article about homeostasis in frogs, so i wanted to send him an cool article i read about the subject . i find an interracial bdsm video where the girl looks exactly like a friend of mine (it wasn't, but the likeness was uncanny) i promptly copy pasted the link to send to a mutual friend of ours for shits .
one day i was talking with a co-worker about the sfw porn network on reddit, and she overheard me say that... now she won't talk to me, let alone even glance in my direction, unless its to give me a dirty look.
when i was brushing my teeth, a big glob of toothpaste fell out of the tube and onto my hand. due to my tired state, i didn't notice it until it was too late.  later in the day i (attempted) to run my hand through my hair, and i was greeted by a helmet of hair harder than a spartan helm.
http://i.imgur.com/g32d0ot . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter . Follow us on Instagram .
i needed to make my way from a station on the outskirts of London right into the heart of it, changing 7-8 times . i ran out at liverpool street, rushing to the ticket barrier. the ticket was in my pocket. the act of reaching for it set something off inside. i printed to the toilets, which were oh so conveniently placed on the opposite side of the station, in a portaloo. i rushed into a stall, tore of my jeans (which were covered in shit) and used 3-4 rolls of toilet paper to clean myself. i also had no trousers, and smelled of human
This is another one of those tifus that actually happened a few months ago, but i didn't feel ready to re-visit this escapade until i'd moved out of my family home . for a good 3 days in the summer i had been eating nothing but homemade nachos, which is basically just shitloads of cheddar cheese grated on top of tortilla chips . the sight of his older brother jettisoning 3 days of digested nachos all over the bathroom and the smell that accompanies is , understandably, fairly overwhelming for the poor boy .
due to her bipolar issues, she sexts me back and forth then later on in the day she'll call me a creep for the things i said . i think i'll have to put on my supa nigga suit and save myself .
we went to lay down in his bed and continue getting frisky. i went down on him and less than a few minutes after, he jumped up and ran to the shower...along the way screaming whats going on. for the next 10 minutes, he was in the shower. and my lips were burning so bad i nearly cried thinking about his dick feeling like that. never again.
substitute teacher is asked to show kids pictures of Santa Claus . Student: \"pleaseeeee Mr. absentmindedly show us the real santa claus\" Teacher: \"you know there is no real santa, right?\"
i woke up this morning, went out to the barn to discover that one of my kittens had died :( then i was milking a cow and she kicked me so hard in the hand i thought she broke it, then i went to jump on my boyfriends back so he could give me a piggy back ride to the house, and smashed my bad knee into an air tank in the milk house. now i can't bend my leg.
i just missed by 4th chem test by not going to class and assuming the test date to be this friday. just found out it was actually on 12/6 and there are no make ups.
On the way home this lady with her baby needed to use my phone to call the police on her abusive boyfriend. so she did and then the police came. We waited more and the ambulance with the lady and baby left and as soon as they left my friend ran over to the chief of police's car and started talking to him. The ambulance came and the medics were looking at him and they said they had to take them to the hospital. Then he tried to convince them not to take him but he is a minor and he didn't have a choice and they left with him.
i forgot water. it was smoking in my kitchen, and when i opened the microwave a huge gout of smoke poured out. i have opened all my windows but i'm kinda paranoid about my lungs. my gf won't be happy when she comes home from work.
today was a really horrible day. if you think you've been having a bad day... youre wrong here's some background to my nightmare - so it all started about a week ago when i decided i wanted to buy a fleshlight. being kinda scared about the whole thing i presented the idea to two of my ideas figuring that they would want them also. before i knew it, we were buying 3 fleshlights. now let me remind you, this was during the black friday special where you get a free sleeve and a free mr. limpy (don't ask, we're not gay it
i was having one of those horny times so anyway, i set my phone to vibrate and put it between my thigh and squeeze.  midway through the thing my boss shows up and starts talking about some ideas for a project we're working on. then i started feeling like shit, and i'm terrified. i don't know if he really knew, or what he thinks. he respects me and likes my work & efforts... and i might have just destroyed all that :(
i was in a show today and during a quick change i ripped my pants pretty badly in the crotch area. i was wearing dark spanks underneath, but it was still pretty obvious. i didn't have time to find other pants so i went on stage in front of over fifteen hundred people with crotch-less pants on.
I accidentally texted my boss's wife to say \"i'm actually not feeling so hot baby so i'm gonna go to sleep\" i thought about making plans to go out with some friends, but decided to just stay home and rest to prepare for another early morning at my second job after a long week at my primary, and coming down with some congestion. i arrived at their house today, she answered the door, and nothing was said on the matter.
she was suppose to receive some skull candy head phones from here grandma but they never came. She had also previously ordered lingerie that was suppose to come about the same time. Now her grandmother is a 80 year old classic middle upper class religious southern woman.
yesterday i felt like shaving my junk, i don't know why i just did. unfortunately, i wasnt taking my time and gave myself some serious razor burn all around my crotch . it looks awful and it hurts like shit. why did I do this?
i went to the bar with a friend. just to relax and drink my sorrows away after a crappy week . then i suddenly notice that my coat is missing. In my coat where the keys to my apparment and a freshly opened pack of sigarets.. the bad thing about the keychain is that the keys for my office are on them as well .
i woke up around 2am needing to use the toilet . as i was heading back to bed i remembered i hadn't brushed my teeth so i walked back and started brushing. i get to the point i need to spit and rinse the brush midway through and with a spark of inspiration remember i have bottles of water lying around the place. i grab the nearest one and pour roughly where the brush is...you know, in relation to my hands. took me a good 30-40 minutes to get back to sleep after that.
her face immediately changed to a mix of \"you did not just say that\" and a sad look and immediately it hits me what i said. the drive to her house was quiet and as much as i apologized she still wouldn't speak.
back in 9th grade, there was a serious drug problem at my school... ex-lax and it\u2019s \u201cusers\u201d were running rampant through the hallways of my high school . i\u2019m not exactly sure as to how many victims fell prey during the ex-lax saga, but i\u2019m just glad that my little run in with the substance didn\u2019t take place on school grounds . this was the year that i was introduced to both marijuana and ex-lax... 2004 was my 80\u2032s.
i went out to the shed to start a snowblower that hadn't run for 18 months . i took off the carb cover , jammed a bunch of starting fliud in it, pulled the starter and it fired on the first go. went up to about a zillion rpm and blew the connecting rod. so then i check the oil and what there is thick as treacle. so i'm a dumb fuck and i deserve to be told so.
i had been washing in with the rest of my clothes pretty often, didn't think it was nasty... apparently it is. i've grown, we've all learned. it's been a journey, gentlemen.
though this happened around three weeks ago, i'll believe this is probably one of my dumbest fuck ups i had ever made.  in this game of kickball there were only two bases: home and the wall on the opposite side of the gym.  to score all you had to do was kick the ball and run from home to second base (the opposite wall), and back and not get hit with the ball.
earlier this morning, i had to take a monster dump. it felt like i hadn't crapped in days. i get to school, and immediately headed straight to the restroom. when i arrived, the restroom was cleared. it seemed this crap was destined by the gods, for while i dominated the toilet, no one came in (this could also be from my furious shitting, but either works). the shit was immaculate, and i felt so much lighter afterwards. i went to wipe, and in my favor, the paper was stainless. so much so, i felt i could set it out
i live on the west coast of Canada, so in my province the legal drinking age is 19 . On my 19th birthday, my girlfriends and i head out to a classy restaurant with a bar vibe, since some of them were still underage and couldn't go to a bar or club . i'm a small (5'2) girl, and was never much of a heavy drinker, so by the 2nd bellini and 2nd shot, i'm good and hammered . i drag my sorry ass out of bed, shower, dress, consume a large glass of water and t
i was getting ready to leave naples i went to the train station to get a ticket from one of the self service machines. a man walks up to me and asks if i speak Italian. he goes through the menu of the machine and enters a special code and gets my ticket for 10 euro instead of 68. he then demands that i pay him part of the difference because he saved me a bunch of money. the next day on the train when they ask me for the ticket. after a quick look they ask for a eurail pass. and i'm like, shit. so they take my money
my friend's mother asked me to drive her to pick some furniture up from her friend bill's house, as i am the only one in our group with a truck.  upon arrival, and after the opening pleasantries, i was left to my own devices while the two catch up. after cracking open a beer, offered by bill before they disappeared into the other room, i discovered bill's shopping list stuck to his fridge. anita arrived the following day, let herself in, grabbed the list, and did her job. never once did she question the curious addition that was so obviously written in someone
he took pictures of me during the show and threatened to send them to family and workmates.  knew the price was too good to be true, knew i should have been paid up front, still did it. accidentally showed face. pretty sure i managed to scare they guy off with his real info, but seriously hoping he doesn't send nudes of me to her friends, workmates and our family. lesson learned.
i joined because so many people that i've talked to recently have been saying positive things about the site and citing positive experiences . i've now been on the site for roughly 8 hours, and all i feel is fucking creepy .
i am a big fan of day[9] not really for his starcraft commentaries, but more on how he tells stories so well! i switch over to youtube.com and start searching stuff up. after watching like an hour's worth of videos relating to super nerdy stuff (one that features day[9 acting like a unit from the game: *starcraft 2* by coughing as if some 42in dick just came out of his mouth), i click the top right drop down box to check up on the school's youtube account. i just watched videos that feature many sexual innuendos as well as
i was about seven months pregnant with my twins and happily enjoying some fried rice with my husband on the couch when out of no where a wild single grain of rice appears in my mouth . i perceed to have a maga coughing fit that turned into projectile vomiting . i then pee myself so much there is now a yellow lake in our bathroom .
i was coming up to a traffic light and it turned green, i was still a few yards back so i didn't have to come to a complete stop. the cars at the light started to move but not as fast as i thought, i hit the brakes, didnt stop in time, and smash. my car literally took all of the damage. i was only going about 15 mph, he only took minor scratches. my bumper bent and my grill broke. thank god neither of us were hurt and we both have insurance.
i ended up pretending to be sick and left. the diarrhea was a side affect of the anti-biotics i've been taking for strep throat.
i made contact with an overweight woman walking in the direction we were leaving . i didn't realize what had happened until a full five seconds later .
This is my first reddit post ever and of course it is a shit my pants story! well i guess i still haven't shit my pants yet :s i'm to ashamed to tell him. i will never ever let a guy cum in my butt because i know it was from that!
i felt like a pornstar, throwing dick like a mad man. she seems to be enjoying herself. When she asks me to bust on her tits, i have a hard time thinking straight for a few minutes. might as well be asleep for all i can accomplish. i was actually on the up swing with the first soft thing i felt on the floor when the supposed wadded shirt decided to explode into her pissed off poodle. this gremlin in disguise smashes into her face with the force of a mike tyson punch. the demon dog is none too happy about this as you can
my eye is burning with the fury of 1000 suns. my eye was completely red. this solution contained 3% hydrogen peroxide, and came with a specific set of instructions to use it without the burning or stinging happening.
    "error": "Unknown error
i pester a friend into letting me stay at her house in another city while she is away. she has been sort of iffy on the whole thing, but i have a job that pays here and i need the cash, so i made it all happen. \"the housemates don't like me\" she says. \"you'd better be good\" she says. \"don't get me thrown out\" The housemate that is still around shows me around, \"this is the other housemate's cat, this is the gate which must never ever be unlocked, this is the fridge.
i haven't had a shot of anything this strong for over two weeks . as it goes down my throat i realize that it is very warm, and then i am unable to breathe . next thing i notice this awfully smelling liquor pouring out of my mouth all over my chin, chest, hands, floor .
i started a couple of weeks ago and have lost around 8 or 9 lbs. Ben and jerry's was on sale at the grocery store i work at, so i decided to buy one pint a few days ago and was going to just eat a couple of spoonfuls at a time. yea that didn't work. i ate half a pint today. xd i also went to this amazing taco place earlier today.
my wife, son, and i met my bestie and his family at cici's pizza today for dinner and to meet their newborn son for the first time.  everything was great, including the food. but later on at home i start getting a rumbly in my tumbly that would make winnie the pooh cuss and let's just say it wasn't a pleasant bathroom visit. neither were the other two.
The roku app has an option of streaming photographs from the phone to the television. you're always two clicks away from this option.  somehow, by the gods that organize photos on cell phones, two pictures popped up on the phone. in the dick pic it was pointing toward the camera, like something you might expect to come with 3d glasses. and the one that popped up on the television was the dick.
i left my shoes in the gym and brought them home in my bag.  woke up this morning at 7 a.m. and was going to practice when i realized i was barefoot. put my bare feet in them and felt a fuzzy sock in the bottom of one... whatever, i thought, doesn't matter, i'll just take the sock out later.  stood up and the sock popped open like a grape, i thought it was food so i took my slipper off, reached in, and pulled out a dead mouse who had just been squashed by my bare heel. needless to say, a mental breakdown
i realised that i might be late for college (english college i live with my parents) it was starting at 4pm today so i went to catch the bus, the sun was in my eyes and i managed to get on the wrong bus . While i wait for the next bus i\u2019m on my own and a really hot girl walks over and starts waiting at the stop with me . in my head i\u2019m like \"talk to her, talk to her, what\u2019s that smell, talk to her.\" so the bus is starting to get close to my stop so it\u2019s now or
this is the third time i have had to pay for it to be fixed . First time for water damage (dropped it down the toilet) second for smashed glass (fell out of my pocket while i was running) It costs \u00a3100 pound with my warranty and i don't think i even have that anymore .
after many talks of trying to convince my gf to swallow my load, she finally agreed to try . Just as i'm about to cum, my sperm had already left the gate and couldn't be stopped . just as soon as it projectiles towards my face, i see her realize what happened and try to catch it with her arm swinging out.. and just like a movie it goes through her fingers. the largest hitting me on my temple right next to my eye, the second wad hit the corner of my lip and the third up in my hair and ear!
kagney linn carter was on the verge of bursting her vocal cords while getting \"missionarily\" pummeled by some random, large-dicked male . my speakers were about 75%, and it was very loud and clear. i think she was moaning about how big his dick was, and how much she liked big dicks. she also may have been proclaiming how she was near orgasm.
i said (very loudly) \"oh, you're not going to be that douchebag with the hat backwards?\"  .....and the game hasn't even started yet.
i had the brilliant idea of reaching a hand down the back of my pants and spreading my ass cheeks to lessen the amount of pressure it would require to fart . my plan backfired in an explosive fashion, and my hand found itself covered in a watery brown syrup of disappointment . i managed to catch all of the excrement in my hand, and my boxers were dry!
While trying to get her high . while trying to get her high . while trying to get her high . while trying to get her high . while trying to get her high .
i was talking to a friend i haven't spoken to in a while, we were talking about business and stuff, then he randomly says \"you know what the co-founder of reddit did? kinda tried that\"  instantly i was spouting all this crap about everything to do with trying to make him feel better, then he says \"oh i meant the business, but thanks... lol.\" felt like such a tool.
well after saying \"on the rape train\" now all of the people around me think i'm a creep and wont even look at me .
he is everything i hate in a guy and i've never considered myself to be a slut before. yes he is cute and flirtatious, but that's never been an issue. i didn't think things would go as far as they did considering he is married.
Well last night we went out like normal, got drunk, and my girlfriend was our dd so everything was fine and dandy. we got home and it passed out like normal. now i would love to say my girlfriend found me in the kitchen putting pillows in the oven saying \"the clown has no penis\" well during hosselhoff's sleepwalking extravaganza, i managed to crawl into a corner of dianne's bedroom and grab her phone for a flashlight and i just sat there creepy as fuck until i came out of my sleepwalking state. dianne went, \"are you sleepwalking?\" and
A woman called up and asked for 6 large pizzas and lots of sides, to be collected . 20 mins later she comes in and waits for about 5 minutes because there's been a delay on one of her pizzas . \"that'll be \u00a360 please\" \"sorry who did you pay with?\" \"that short asian guy over there\"
i went to help a friend go dress shopping for her debutant ball, or some big dance. things were going platonic until time came where we had to go our separate ways, then it changed. i'm not entirely sure how, or why it happened but we ended up kissing, all the while my girlfriend is slaving away as a cashier at wal-mart.
my dad had to pay some bills and he asked to use my laptop, i happily obliged, opened my laptop and there, full screen was porn. my dad none the less had a quite different reaction, i guess parents like to pretend their kids never get off, or have access to porn .
out of the 7 of us, i was the only unmarried one. well, a friend of my friend showed up for like an hour, he was single, but he left quick. everywhere i looked were boyfriend/girlfriend or husband /wife couples.
i was outside having a smoke and the dog stood up and grabbed the tabletop and started licking it. i have no idea what she was going for but i tried to push her off it with my right hand. the table started sliding across the floor so i reached further and somehow managed to jam my cigarette, which was in my left hand, directly onto my right wrist.
i always amused i could eat anything. dropped food on the floor, i'll eat it. burn it, i'll eat it. i'll even eat meat are and it's never so much as phased me.
after 12 years of biting my tongue whenever they felt like being shitty to me, today i lost it and snapped at them. i don't feel bad that they got their feelings hurt because they deserved it, but i know it hurt my wife for me to do that. she's always stuck up for me to them, but it's one thing for her to fight with her parents and another thing for me to do it.
i'm lazy so i didn't feel like pausing it. \"just 10 more minutes\" i hold it for a long time and then decided i would be bad ass and hold it until the ending credits, at which point i would sprint upstairs and give my bladder a break. i reeeeeeeally have to go... \"but those are the best kind...\" i piss myself right in front of the fucking toilet. get it all over my new (today) boots. i laugh, grab a towel, mop it up (i have no idea what i drank today, but it was a lot
My cousin and i are in the process of moving him out of his apartment. we just decided to take a break and take his dog for a ride with us into newark. she has extreme separation anxiety and has a habit of destroying shit when he leaves, so we thought this would be a nice change of scenery for her. as he got into the car, he checked for his house key and cigarettes. he had neither. he went back up to the house only to realize that the front door was locked. i have now spent about 30 minutes on the phone with the roadside assistance automated phone tree to finally
when i used my inhaler, i swallowed about 3/4's of the spray. that may not seem bad, but a common side effect of inhalers is nausea, or upset stomach. i got back in bed and tried to fall asleep, when all of the sudden, i felt the worst stomach pain in my life. i realized what is probably a worst case scenario for this, i did not have any toilet paper. i ended up staying up for about a half hour after i wiped cleaning all of it up.
my eyes are red, hurt like hell, and my eyelashes are encrusted with semen. every time i blink i feel the throbbing shame. never again. my eyes are back to normal now for anyone concerned. but the shame is still there. it will always be there.
i've always had chemistry with his sister, who's is a year younger than i . we started talking but never really resorted in anything else . i feel i completely betrayed our friendship due to this encounter; he doesn't know anything about it . the real unfortunate thing though is that i really do like this girl, and i can't do anything about it because i know it would alter our relationship as friends .
i was preparing burgers and diced some habaneros into the patties . i had been drinking beer and had to take a piss so naturally, i went to the bathroom to take a leak . within a minute i was sweating profusely trying to hold back to my friends the fact that i'm in the most intense pain of my life .
when i spoke to the gf the next day she said she came in and we got our cuddle on and then she left me asleep in my bed....and then i spoke to my mom.  apparently, throughout the course of the night, i unleashed the full force of my pale hairy body and climbed into bed with my dad. He was awoken by the clumsy attempt to get comfortable, and proceeded to ask me what the actual fuck i was doing and ordered me to go to bed.
i went to the family doctor for a meningitis vaccination. The doctor said that i could also do it at a later date. i told my mom about it, and she kept sighing throughout, but still managed to keep a calm demeanor.
going at it from behind, pull out to finish and she had her head turned sideways (face down ass up aww yeah)...somehow manage to go over her ass and directly into her eye. i probably couldn't do it twice if you gave me 1000 tries.
time trial is a race against the clock, no drafting other people, go at your own pace by yourself. there is a 1 minute gap between every rider at the start, so to catch someone your time would have to be 1 minute faster than theirs. the course is an idyllic 10 km (6 mile) seaside loop, around which you do 2 laps. mostly very close to flat, except for one short uphill section.
My mom called a teacher from my old elementary to talk to me about being gay . The teacher is gay, he is probably the only gay person my mom knows . My mom thought that the only way i would be so interested in that kind of thing is if i were gay myself .
as it went on my mind started to wander and i started noticing that the projector's fan has been blowing its warm air onto me this entire time .  turns out that i was not paying attention to the meeting and everyone actually was paying attention to the graphs shown by the projector very intently .
i went to the beach with some friends. everything was chill and as expected. i, personally, hate going into the water. the idea of bacteria and fishy fecal matter makes me cringe. i woke up and my arms are littered in blisters, they are radiating intense heat, and are so bright red you could direct traffic with them. i will be missing about 4 days of work and approximately $177.67 worth of payment.
i bought parts for a new pc a few weeks ago. I have been having way too many problems with my motherboard . The warranty on the board is void if the pins are bent, and there is really no way in fixing it without buying a new board .
we just moved from the house she has lived in most of her entire life and thus had memorized. i saw this nifty key hook thing in the living room and thought it the perfect place to keep from losing my keys. i reach into my pocket and fish out my cell phone. hitting the button to power up the screen only to find that i have 8% battery left. i text my buddy who is also my landlord. he calls my roommate. roommate calls me back and he informs me quick that my battery could die any second. he informs me he can be back at the house in 45 minutes to an hour.
i accidentally clicked on a video of a girl shaking her butt to a song because i jumped when she opened the door . Now my mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye .
i don't remember a single thing from last night... but i'm missing 300-some dollars. that was all my budget for the month.  luckily i paid my rent so i won't get kicked out... but i have no idea what happened to all my money which **sucks** because i have nothing for food.
i rejected a woman that was in love with me. i was growing closer and closer to her as we spent more time together but something happened today that made me want to say that we wouldn't work out together in a relationship. i cannot say enough how sorry i am for being an asshole and doing this to you. you have told me that you will ruin my life, and if that is what you deem to be an acceptable punishment then so be it.
i was at a school competition today, and my mom brought me a peanut butter and banana sandwich. after a few bites, i felt a sour taste on my tongue. i kept eating, and then i realized that you shouldn't have peanut butter and orange juice.
i woke up this morning about 1 am, my head pounding furiously like the beating of drums. i was in complete excruciating pain, so i crawled my way over to my parent's room and woke my mom up, because she has gigantic elephant strength ibuprofen pills.  laying down made the pain worse. i was so completely blinded by pain that i could barely move, walk or talk.
coworker said something funny that caused another coworker to spit out the water she was drinking all over her desk. this caused me to laugh and made me nearly spit my own beverage out all over *my* desk. Luckily, i had an empty coffee cup handy, so i spit into that instead of trying to swallow it and having it shoot out of my nose.
i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i just discovered today, after two weeks of running *every single day* that c25k program only requires you to run three times a week.
i noticed the asian guy walk in but thought really nothing of it. my friend decides we should get something to eat so he says \"hey, let's go get some chinese food\" not bad at all. my brother then replies with \"yeah, some chinamen food!\" which makes my brother go \"ching chog bong bing bong!\"
i was sitting here on the computer drinking copious amounts of coffee and started feeling a little bit hungry and thought to have a snack. not feeling like making anything, it had to be quick and ready to eat. over on the table next to me sat a few habenero peppers, so i decided to eat them. i ate these chilies on an empty stomach, which turned out to be not such a great idea. they're not filling so i'm still hungry at this point, but now it feels like somebody is punching my gut from the inside.
i dropped my laptop on the floor and it could not boot, nor safemode or anything i try to do it won't turn on. i brought it to the computer center, they told me they could see c drive instead of d. so i brought it to a friend of ours that fixes hardware. he can see d drive only and my systems file is so corrupted that none of my files can be recovered.
i realized how sweaty i was (the room was really warm, ok?) so i sniffed my armpit. i tabbed back into the window accidentally, straight after, and then realized what i had just been doing. i had messages from him that for some reason i had not been alerted about where he was asking me what the hell I was doing. i immediately told him i had to go and left the call.
i picked up the full pot expecting to pour myself cardboard cup full of this earth tasting disgusting but necessary coffee and the pot exploded sending hot shit water everywhere, including my pants . i yanked the coffee pot up for some reason thinking an elevated coffee pot would stop the flow of hot coffee from the two openings smacking the holster sending coffee grinds all over including my face .
i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope I don't get fired. This resulted in a load of batch jobs on 30 servers failing to run overnight. i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope I don't get fired.
i needed a pair of scissors and the only options at the supermarket were $9 super dooper ones or childs ones for $3. then suddenly a shock of pain shot through me, and i look down to find i have cut my ballsack along that ridge bit between the two halves.
we've been broken up for a couple of months, and we've been trying to be friends to avoid any more drama . he and his friend came over to my apartment for a few drinks, and they came over already drunk. soon, my ex collapsed on my bed, and his friend soon after. i managed to get his friend to sleep on a mattress on the floor, and i tried to get my ex to get up and sleep next to his friend. he refused, saying he wanted to sleep in my bed. soon enough we were making out, and we got...handsy with each other
pepper flakes on pizza left my butthole in agony . pepper flakes did not breakdown while being digested. instead they ended up rubbing against the sides of my anus . my butt felt sore and on fire, i imagine i got a taste of what women go through in labor .
i installed itunes, and somewhere between opening it and dropping my entire 15 gb music folder onto the window, itunes freaks the fuck out. i hold my thumb over it's face until it goes black. back on. i run a boot scan and find out. three whole files in the itunes folder are corrupt. more corrupt than a carlos danger.
i'm starting off small with only two classes a week, but either way, since i don't have a car, let alone a driver's licence yet . i've never in my life been on a city bus before, but i still felt well-prepared . my phones gps app was raring to go with directions down to the minute .
i've recently been having random bouts of sleepwalking. at least i think that's what it is. it's happened three or four times in the past six months or so. i sleep in my underwear and no shirt usually, but i remember my sleep-self thinking that i was only going to go check on whatever it was that i needed to since it would be quick and so i wouldn't have to bother putting pants on.
i usually drink a smoothie in the morning for breakfast before i leave for campus. this morning was no different, and i wake up, turn on the blender, and go to make some coffee. i come back, pour my smoothie, and as i'm pouring my infantile brain is seeing bubbles pop in the blender and thinks, \"hey, remember when you used to blow bubbles in your drink when you were like...4?\" and so, out of nostalgia, i decide to blow a bubble in my very full smoothie. approximately 5 seconds later there's purple goo goes all over the counter and in my face
i'm 15, young and stupid. so this girl i like, we'll just call her a, was throwing a party, and somehow i got invited. So i come to the party and we all go in the pool and i see another girl, we'll call her b, and she starts coming on to me. We talk a little and i figure, \"she isn't bad looking, why not flirt back?\" mistake #1. Now it's been a week and i really don't like b anymore, but b likes me even more and i don't wanna crush her feelings
i woke up to go to a friends house and began to back down my driveway, when my car makes an awful, just absolutely horrible screeching and grinding sound . after about an hour of waiting, they inform me that i have about $2000 dollars worth of repairs to be done on my car . Now i need to fix my transmission, alignment, sway bar, and a variety of other small fixes for which i do not have the money for .
I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today. I'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a
this wasn't actually today, couple of years back (17 at the time) but still, i feel you should all know and laugh! as i was underage i couldn't go to the shop and buy some beer so i had to scout around the house to find some sufficient alcohol. i stumble upon an un-opened liter bottle of jd. jackpot! by the time the bus had arrived, i had already consumed a good 1/4 of the bottle. i then decide it's a good idea to go and sit outside, stark bollock naked, and have a cig.
recently my headset stopped working so i have been using earbuds to listen to games and videos on my computer . i wanted to watch a movie on netflix and having no speakers other than the earbuds i decided to move my computer closer to my bed so i could lay in it an watch the movie . my desk is a glass desk and my computer case has rubber feet . the one slight inch or two killed my computer. it blue screened and restarted so i just turned it off and went to bed. i woke up this morning and turned it on. it brought up a screen called startup repair. i sat
i've paid one bill and got food and spent frivilous money on other stuff. i should have saved until next week so i could float from check to check. i'm the one out of my partner and i who have a job. so we don't have money for gas or rent. so we don't have money for gas or rent. but, my credit card is now brought current. so yay!
on my tv screen i'm watching django. during one of the whipping scenes i remember a extremely funny racist joke and i laughed out loud. i see the black guy glancing at my screen in curiosity which i see gradually turn to extreme anger. i then feel his eyes drilling a hole in the side of my head for the rest of the flight, and as we exit the flight until i beeline for the restroom and hide there for 15 minutes.
i set my ipad on top so i can strap my son in the carseat .  needless to say going down the road doing 55 and my wife goes \"did you leave something on top of the car?\" So we turn around and there's my ipad on the blacktop... update: sorry guys was at a gig and couldn't update.
i started a relationship with the most amazing girl i have ever met. close to that time, i got a little flirty with a friend of mine but we ended it pretty quickly. long story short, it turns out my dream girl knew the whole time. i told her tonight and our future is now uncertain.
i left the window to my second story bedroom window wide open with the light on. coming in from my roof i notice a few flies in my room. my bedroom light acted as a beacon for over 500 flies and they were swarming on the ceiling like some classic horror movie shit. i noped the hell out of there and after an hour and burnt out vacuum belt i finally got the situation under control. happy fourth every one.
i was friendly at work with managers in another department who were still technically supervisors to me. this meant no fraternization because to them i was \"staff\" even though we are close in age. After i gave my two weeks one of the managers and i are in private and he says to me, \" good thing about you not working here anymore is now we can *talk*...\" i was caught off guard and laughed it off, but i was flattered. He said he just wanted to talk, and talk he does. he claims his wife doesn't want to hear about his day blah blah blah, just
i forgot to turn the truck's wheels towards the curb and make sure it was in park. my truck rolled into the street, nearly getting hit by an oncoming car, and ended up scrapping the bumper of the dodge caravan behind me before i hit the brakes and put it into park.  luckily, no one was inside the van, and all the caravan had on it was scratch marks on the bumper.
i'm outside, enjoying a view from my friends house (he threw a party) and drinking my soda. however, this fly to come and buzz around my drink and lands on the lid of my soda. i start to get up to wash it, but i decide it would be nice to kill this fly first. so i grab a sandal stay motionless and wait for it to land. it lands and i take a swing.  midway through my swing, i realize that it's on my nuts. but it's too late.
out drinking with friends, acquaintance joins uninvited, but leaves to grab his taco truck food. i take the opportunity to run my fucking mouth about how much he annoys me, which he kinda does, but not to the extent my drunk ass went off on.
my poor tootsie was literally stuck to that damn wonderful pad of mine.my pubes where stuck to it as well and it was a pain in the \"vagina\" my lady parts still hurt, and i have a zip lock bag filled with ice on them. i don't think i ever wanted to cry as much as i did today. my lady parts still hurt, and i have a zip lock bag filled with ice on them.
i was helping my older friend clean her house for some easy cash and i noticed a picture on her fridge as i was cleaning her dishes. it was a guy's senior picture, so he was about my age when it was taken, and i asked my friend, jokingly, if she had his number and if he was single, because he's \"fiiiiiiiiine!\" She then turned to me with a solemn expression and said, \"that's my nephew. he graduated high school last year and went hiking with some friends before they left for college. he tripped, hit his head on a rock,
Two years ago i was with my girlfriend who probably wholeheartedly liked me as i went missing for over two years before i returned to her . Well since i decided hey she actually waited why not give her a chance and bring her to meet my friends to gather opinions. Well it all went well on that day and since it was an island resort(i paid everything for her and god heavens it wasn't cheap considering i was on a part-time job and studying) Well sometime later, i found out that she was getting baking advice from the second guy as she decided to bake brownies for me and wanted to meet
my mother has a 10 second ring tone on the home phone and because my room is at the opposite side of the house than the phone i usually jump out of my chair and bolt. the phone started to ring. after taking off my headphones i performed my running ritual. not worrying about the noise at the time i picked up the phone, only to be harassed by silly telemarketers. my headphone cord has been completely separated from the jack that i put in my computer. $150 down the drain.
i don't want to seem like a dick, but you guys probably all are, so i quess it;s really a non-issue. i for one have a hard time believing 95% of the shit submitted on this subreddit. i'd like to formally push for a \"pics or it didn't happen policy\" to be enacted and enforced with vehemence.
i haven't seen my gf in a while (few months) so i've kinda just let my mane rage pretty hard. i finally had a date lined up tonight so i was like yeah might as well manscape a little bit. well it essentially worked, was able to throw away the band aid and stop the bleeding before she went down there, so mission accomplished.
\"i had a raging erection and was trying to fix it by giving myself a belt buckle\" \"i couldn't even hardly sleep that night, until i was pretty sure i was shooting air out of my dick\" \"i ran out of the shower without even cleaning any of the mess up\"
instead of playing basketball we play dodgeball. so i'm all by myself against 20 other people. the ball was thrown at my legs so my first instinct was to jump over the ball. i jump ontop of the ball and slamming into the ground. i broke my jaw and fractured the lower part of my sine.
i was pretty drunk and decided to piss into an empty beer cup . i actually held it in my mouth for a split second, in disbelief, and then spit it out .
as i was walking (20 minutes from my house) my neighbor gives me a ride to his house . As i am walking in i heard moaning noises ( my friend likes porn) so as i enter his room to my surprise it wasn t a film as i thought .
feeding my one month old daughter and my hair falls into my face. i try to do the hair flippy thingy, where you 'flick' your neck quickly, to get it out of my eyes. i now have terrible whiplash and cannot look down at my daughter when she sits in my lap.
i have 18 minutes to get to an interview for a job that's going to increase my pay by 20% . i just start the car and fly out of my complex. 1:43ish. my stomach is feeling unsettled because of my frustration. i make it to the highway. and fly! i, of course, still had to tie my shoes and fix my tie, but i could do that quickly. maybe in a minute. i ended up waiting on them! interview goes...well. felt shit crusting on my ass cheeks during interview.
i now no longer will be attending the out of state college i earlier planned on, prom, or graduation parties, all privileges revoked . The cops got called, luckily they were extremely nice and didn't give a single mic or me any fines however the conversation with my parents didn't go over well .
In a second my 2.5 gb free space would become 11gb and i would lose all data on my phone . Even after deletion the files still appeared on my pc so i restarted the phone which i think cemented my loss of music, photos, important documents, etc.
my phone automatically uploads every photo to my dropbox . I figured this out now and ofc. deleted the pictures . I can only hope nobody actually was visiting dropbox lately .
sorbitol is used in any \"sugar-free\" foods and apparently eating it in excess may cause \"explosive diarrhea\" Sorbitol not even once.
so there were two classes, both taught by the same prof. the exam was pretty big too, as it was worth 50% of the final grade.  anyway, the class codes were exactly the same, with the exception of one letter being switched with another.
pear bounced off the ceiling and hit a couple other objects before landing unceremoniously on the ground . blue coloured cleaner and a white ceiling aren't best of friends . since it was just a white ceiling, i thought that since it was just a white ceiling, i could paint over the spot with some white paint that they had left over after finishing the house . what i didn't know was that the ceiling was done with a matte finish while the paint i was using was a semi-gloss finish .
i've had some problems with my arm recently, and this was the breaking point. i heard a loud \"pop\" and a shooting pain in my elbow. i butchered the pitch totally, and it flew at our dugout.
i was rushing while in the shower and put shampoo in my hands to wash my hair and rubbed it on my face because i might be retarded. i was helen keller for a good five minutes.
my teacher asked a question about a video game made in Japan titled \"rapeplay\" where the goal of the game is to rape girls. our class was obviously uncomfortable about the game. he asked why that should be illegal, and call of duty should be legal.
i work in a university theatre, and today there was an unexplained ladder in our studio theatre . when i was descending, i felt a prickling inmy arms. when i got to the bottom, they felt like they were on fire . after washing them twice more, and putting on a soothing lotion, and taking benadryl, they are bright red, covered with tiny angry bumps .
recently i have been caught at my school with alcohol, which in turn made some of my friends kind of sketched out, and i lost some of my friends. well, a few weeks passed and i was staying clean, spring break came, and of course i partied, plus it was my birhday, but i didn't really go to hard. well after i left to go smoke and came back, i was smelling up the radio room, so i decided that with an hour before my show i would go air out. well it didn't work, so i sat in the master control alone
i've been bulimic for a while and in order to hide the teeth marks, i tried to use other instruments to trigger my gagging . One day i waited for my roommate to go to class so i could do it and went about my routine, swallowed a little bit and thought nothing of it . i stood there in shock for a second as i gasped and grabbed my throat, but i could breathe. i was so scared, i rushed for my toothbrush and started shoving it down there to try and throw the tampon back up and i ended up with a mess of vomit and blood all over my
the device was only $20, and they would get a replacement on their next trip to bed, bath & beyond . the device initially showed dashes, shut completely off just about immediately, and wouldn't turn on after that, even after replacing batteries .
i was about to give my roommate a ride to work this morning but i needed to check the coolant level in my car first .  as my car hood doesnt stay up on its own, i held the hood with one hand and was about to take the cap off the coolant resivour with the other which led me to putting my keys down .  finished topping off the coolant, i went to pick up my keys and they fell into the hole i had placed them on the edge of, right into the spot behind my headlight . Kevin had the bright idea to fish them out with a coat hanger,
my girlfriend lives just over an hour away from where i live and we often meet up halfway. last night i'd been invited to play a gig with a group at my local town's festival and i'd invited her to come but she couldn't (her parents couldn't bring her). at about 22:30 a friend of mine showed up and said he needed me to come downstairs: my girlfriend was there, she thought she'd surprise me and come to my house. i was so grateful and i decided to take her to a private place. where i live there are lots of beaches so
my brother asked what the truffle shuffle was. i jokingly demonstrated. my mom walked in, and i had to explain. i was talking to my brother about something, and i was talking about how somebody at a popular panel for an expo did the truffle shuffle. my brother asked what the truffle shuffle was. i jokingly demonstrated. my mom walked in, and i had to explain.
I am a very trusting person by nature. repeatedly in the past i have had people fuck me over and use that trust to get what they want from me. Now i'm with a great guy who is nothing but wonderful to me. he does his best to take care of me and teach me new things every day and is an all around wonderful person. However there is this one issue he has been trying to help me with, trusting people to much. He always tells me i shouldn't blatantly trust anyone, not even him, like i do.
i downloaded 'a serbian film' as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend. after getting home, i realized that i had given her the wrong one, the one i gave her only had one file on it, the movie 'a serbian film' i downloaded it as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend.
student loans are having problems right now so i may have to pay out of pocket and be reimbursed . i may have to wait until January to start school. all of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste .
we had a nice dinner, but all throughout the meal she was being very flirty and playful in an erotic sort of way .  let's just say ol' willy got a rise out of all the attention. cut to the end of the meal. we paid for the meal and walked out the door. then, suddenly, it happened: my shorts just slid down my legs on their own volition, **right as new customers were approaching the front door.** private johnson was still at attention at this point, but thankfully it was dark enough that nobody noticed.
i'm a lot more sensitive to prescription drugs, so painkillers make me hallucinate . i sit at my desk, and my keyboard starts melting. or so that's what i thought . my laptop grew a face and began yelling at me. turns out the laptop wasn't yelling, it was my boss. my boss promptly called security and i was tackled out of my chair. that was the last thing i remembered .
i was in the bed of a truck, just stopped at a local bar . decided i could just hop our and nope! my knee buckled and i was on the ground . people telling me they'd help me in, that its okay. it was but wasn't .
My sink had been leaking, or rather, had a slight drip when off for a few months. i decided i'd like to fix it. read a bunch of articles on it, went to home depot, and got me a replacement knob and o-rings. every article mentioned \"turning the water supply off.\" try as i might, the valves underneath my sink just wouldn't turn. it seems they were rusted shut. where my hot water knob used to be, an insane geyser. it's shooting 6+ feet up to the ceiling. i immediately drop to the floor to try and get
/u/sixstringthing's fuck up reminded me of when i pissed on someone. i was in the washroom at school at the end of the day and was peeing in a urinal next to my friend justin. we were talking about something and then i slightly turned, not realizing i was doing so. he's a small guy, so i ended up peeing all over his arm. we finished our business and he walked over to the sink and washed his arm off. when i talked to him the next day at school, he told me he took like three showers that night.
i was laying in bed and my toenail on my toe next to my pinky on my left foot was getting snagged in my blanket cause it had a slight hangnail. As soon as i begin, before there is ever a chance for correction, the nail goes on a straight downward angle and i'm stuck with it peeled halfway down and left in searing pain. i then promptly cringed my teeth as hard as humanly possible and quickly tore off the whole thing.
this actually happened when i was around 8 or 9 so this is more of a 6yaifu. i was really sick with a fever and a bad cold and i didn't know what diarrhea was and i didn't know i had it.
i went out for a run, and i came back and just went straight to the small couch of my flat and started doing **it**. in a panic, my arm hit the wall and i could instantly feel that it was broken, or at least something was wrong. i tried to shout or say something like go away, but it was my step-sister who had a key to the house, and in a panic with my arm still in my pants and one arm broken/shattered, i instantly stood up and tripped over my own pants that was down at my ankles, falling down and breaking my nose
i always thought it was a cool little thing to have in this sub and it seems to have died out. what gives? i always thought it was a cool little thing to have in this sub and it seems to have died out. what gives?
my dad got the text that was meant for my dealer .  im not worried about my dad... its what happens if my step mom finds it .
can we convince the mods/admins to update the fuotw more frequently? there have been some classic fuckups in the past few weeks and it'd be great to see them on the sidebar.
she just got back and was just stood behind me while i was on the computer with her hand on my shoulder. i was in a funny mood and very naively decided to lick her hand to try and playfully annoy her a bit. it was then that she informed me she had spent the last half hour at the hospital cleaning up a patients piss and she hadn't had a chance to wash her hands yet.
i stupidly placed my guitar on my expensive headphones. this wasn't stupid because it could break them, it was stupid because once i finished writing down the a, a#, e, and e# bar chords, class was ending. the last thing i packed was my guitar, and so once i grabbed it, i didn't look back to see my headphones. the second fuck up is more of an embarrassment, and how i choose my fate.
i've been talking to this girl for a few months . We talk everyday for hours and i had been to visit her a couple of times before .  more recently i've been feeling like there really is a connection there .
the yolk broke, leaving me with this [abortion](http://seenly.com/ggkrflap.jpg) i was making ramen, to which i like to add an egg, and i thought i'd do something different: rather than my usual \"egg drop\" method (where you drizzle a beaten egg into the ramen while stirring), i just dropped the whole egg in.
i didn't know about reddit so that's why i'm posting it now, anyways i was outside with some of my buddies and a bright idea came to me.  lets make a fire with gasoline! so i found some jerry cans and filled up a bucket. i asked my friend for his lighter and we lit it, after a few minutes we got bored and decided to put it out. like the dumbass i am i grabbed the hose and put it into the bucket, making the fire much bigger. panicking i turned off the water and decided to kick the bucket, spreading all over my lawn
my friend and i ate a bunch of edibles, and then invited the delegation into our room for drinks (mind you, the hotel has a strict no alcohol policy) we then proceed to receive noise complaint after noise complaint, until the hotel night manager decides she's had enough and brings a security guard up to our room . we then proceed to ask her what the matter is, and she says that we're about to be evicted from the hotel . we then inform the manager that \"i have it under control, i'm in a frat!\" she then has no words, and says
i was at a bar with my friend and his gf. they were both dancing and i was hanging out by myself basically . then this girl approaches me and we start dancing. one thing leads to another and we start making out. then she put her hand down my pants for an under the pants hj. this time she proceeds to unzip my pants and started performing fellatio on me.
my underwear and shorts scraped up all of the icy-hot from my thighs and collected it on my ass. so i had to go through the rest of the two-and-a-half hour practice with burning asscheeks.
\"i'm gonna go for it.\" as soon as she gets back i start making small talk with her and start flirting a little bit. 10 minutes go by full of small talk, teasing, and sexual innuendos before my dad goes \"yeah, ninetytwo92, you should go out and grab a drink with her. since you're the older cousin you have to protect her. but don't let anything happen to her\"
i noticed i hadn't seen my dog in a bit, and went on a search. there are three offices with a couch in two, and a chair in the other. she can normally be found on one of them, or the showroom floor. i see the door to the warehouse is open. damn it. i must have left it open when i went out to check on an item for a customer, then the phone rang, then it rang again. as she approaches i see she is covered in some sort of dark coating. once she is next to me, bam....the smell hits me.
vacuuming was my job, and i was doing a damn good job (imo) i curse silently, turn the vacuum back on and go to work. i had gotten most of it back into the vacuum when the garbage bag was caught by the vacuum and tipped over, spilling the rest of the vacuum's prior contents onto the floor.
i was getting ready to drop my little one at day care and as usual go start the car. typically i first put her in car seat, but this time for whatever reason started the car first. my driveway is at the angle so when i park the car nose facing the road i put gear in reverse, e-break on. so my daughter is standing just to the left of driver's side rear door. i push the clutch in, start the car, but forget to put gear in neutral. car jerks back pretty fast but not by much. this scared the hell out of my daughter pretty bad
if it was soft boiled it probably wouldn't have been so bad. but it was so bad. i just popped the whole thing in there, started chewing and was ambushed by a sneeze before any swallowing could happen.
i'd just gotten out of the shower, so i was only in my underwear when i stumbled backwards and trod on a plug . the gash has taken a huge lump out of my foot and i realise i won't be able to do anything for my birthday in two weeks . i'm not going to the doctors because they're going to tell me it's a viral infection, so i got my mum to play nurse and bandage up my foot .
it fell off on the motorway hit a car and almost caused a huge accident. the ladder was destroyed in the process. feels bad man. scared the shit out of me.
i went to the shore to see a girl, and she was really really into me. i started drinking; 10 beers and two 40s later i was out of it. she finally txtd me and i walked there and kept drinking, which was not a good idea. luckily my friends were not drinking at all so they took care of me. i threw up to get sober for her, and i just kept throwing up. then they eventually kicked me out.
fast forward today and my mom is crying because i told her. now she's going on and on about i was gonna get expelled for being athiest. damnit.
i first got my ipod 4th generation 3-4 years ago, and have not updated it since. there were over 900 pictures on it, and over 100 songs, most of which were acquired by downloading the music off cd's i checked out at the library. after i synced it to my computer and downloaded the newest software none of the pictures or music were saved.
i came to the back to sit down for a minute. hopefully no one comes in in the next few minutes cause if they do they will see a mountain of a man talking soprano.
traded a guy for a sprint phone, clean esn but he forgot to deactivate it from his account. my phone that im replacing that i used to text him has just bricked and he has removed the craigslist post so i can't find his phone number again. i tried sprint live chat and they just keep saying to contact him despite me making it clear it's near impossible.
i was curious, so i pick up the log a little bit to see him, and as i'm holding it my dog startled me knocking me off balance. the log falls on his little arm, shoulder, and part of his head. i couldn't just let him slowly die, so i look around for something to put him out of his misery with. i pick up the shovel to my immediate right and put it through the poor guy's brain stem.
i recently started working at a new client. every month there's new clients, and projects, etc. by this time, half the office's men has already made comments about my appearance. i've been fending off advances and flirting for two days straight, just vultures circling trying to see where they can get a gap to close in. i went to work this morning, completely expecting to have the second most aweful day of my carreer. on the way, on the train, while trying to calm my fluttery tummy and incredible nerves. i decided to handle it as if
i bought a broken end table at a flea market for about $10, liked the design, and figured i'd slap some paint on it and make it pretty . my deposit was about $500, which i'm pretty sure there's now way i'm getting back now .
also a bird shat on my head, it is almost 30 degrees and i have no shade, no one to talk to, and an old fat construction worker keeps staring at me.
i'm a good looking guy so i'm not worried but i sat right next right to this beautiful blonde huge rack i mean she is smoking hot and she's like i have been waiting for you to sit here so i smile and we have a civil flirty conversation . I sneezed right all over her face and in her mouth she then moved away and now i will not be talking to her again .
i was trying to go to the bathroom and my sister kept tying to open the door back up. not thinking about where her fingers were, i slammed the door shut and heard a yelp of pain. i opened the door to find her and her bloody nub of a finger. Luckily my mom had been there and called 911 just in time to have them re-attach it and today it's as good as new.
i don't eat chocolate much as it's not really my thing but i do every so often and it happens that i fancy a turkish delight. spin the needle into my insulin pen, dial it all up, inject 4 units (1 unit for each 10 carbs) and then eat it. perfect. i felt a sharp, burning pain in my wrist, though more my hand and it took a while for me to realize it was quite serious pain. an inch long cut just above my wrist veins but just below the base of my hand, looking much deeper than i first thought.
after a few more drinks we go to the bar to conclude the night and of course i'm still thinking about sex the whole time. i'm still horny as a 13 yo who just saw his first porno so i go up to my girlfriend to wake her by telling her how much i want to fuck her and she is, luckily for me, very responsive and wants to have rough sex. we have one of those crazy sex session, it's amazing, she's screaming out of joy, it's awesome! by the time she come back, i was already asleep and snoring
i lost control in a curve (rear-wheel drive), hit a tree, then hit another tree .  luckily i came out in one piece, with just a small scratch on my arm and a few bruises .
should i pour milk in my butthole? or just put ice cubes in there.. i have yoghurt, that might work. holy fucking shit it burns!!
I m from iceland and used to have the occasional whale steak (the non-endangered one) on my bbq in the summer . I put one of the big fellas in my hamburger last week, thinking he might find the silly icelander a bit entertaining . I was surrounded by four huge guys from this organisation telling me how wrong it was to do this, how unethical i was and pretty much got bombarded with anti whaling propaganda .
i was picking up my sister from a friends party when i decided to try the zip line . I hit the car's driver side door with my full momentum and my head whip lashed over the frame of the door . Within seconds there was a pack of little girls screaming bloody murder, and telling everyone i was dead .
i excused myself to the bathroom and started my shit. i thought it would be a normal one but it decides to be the wettest shit ever. best way to explain it is it looked like a cow's shit. i tried to flush noting happened, it just stayed.  fast forward to a couple hours later and i'm on skype with the friend. he's telling me that it wouldn't go down and my shit was fermenting in the toilet for a couple hours. i'm also not allowed over again and they had to call a plumber which i'm probably going to have to
i parked next to a curb with a streetlamp on it, but didn't think anything of it.  confused, i continue backing out, then i started to hear and feel the dreaded scraping of my right bumper. my car is literally trapped by the right bumper on this large curb. i get back in and start frantically backing out only continuing to damage it even more. i then re-park it to examine just what the hell happened and i ended up putting a huge dent in the right side along with horrendous scuffs and scratches to the paint.
My roommate's assigned parking spot is to the right of mine, so i have to watch my right-front corner so it doesn't hit her rear-left corner . when i was coming home from work i was pulling into my parking spot like i've done many, many times before, except this time i misjudged the distance between my car's front bumper and my roommate's car's rear bumper and ended up bumping into it . Now there are scratches on both our cars (mine got it worse), and i'm trying to figure out the next step .
i forget to close said sunroof. 4 inches of snow in my car and a squirrel. Illinois is literally the shittiest place on earth eating mcdonalds in shame in the library.
\"hi, aaron!\" the guy looks at me with a confused look and i realized it wasn't aaron. because aaron died in a car crash in high school. \"oh, sorry, you looked like a guy i used to know, you can't be him.\" the guy says to me \"aaron (last name)?\" \"yeah, how did you know?\" and he says....\"because i'm his little brother.\"
last night i decided to go out drinking with some friends, one of which i used to have strong feelings for. got her to a fun tipsy drunk level and stopped and started giving her water. never bought her a drink at the bar, just water...i however, kept drinking. left, got burgers, and got back to her friends house.  proceeded to spill my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings for her, making things awkward for everyone around.
my gf was over so we decided to wrestle/cuddle . she was on my lap pinning me down and it looked like we were having sexy time . i ate taco bell and a prune smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well . it wasn't normal shit it was taco-bell-smoothie shit. it stained the white sheets and now my gf isn't talking to me .
i let my virgin gf try to deepthroat me on a full stomach . we've had gags and short breath incidents in the past but... she gets on her knees and i stand at the edge of the bed, towering over her as she generously strokes and suctions my manhood deeper and deeper into her mouth. this continues while i rub her wet, virgin pussy as she attempts to take me deeper...and deeper into her throat until she says, with my dick in her mouth \"i wanth you thwo fuck my thwoat\"
my best friend was sent home from school because she had an upset stomach. i went over her house today to see how she was doing. she still wasn't feeling good, but i stuck around and chatted with her for a few hours since both of her parents were at still work. when i was leaving, she simultaneously projectile vomited down my back and had explosive diarrhea in her pants.
my fiance's 80 yr old grandmother, 'nan', came from England about 2 weeks ago . last night she was there to witness my proposal . i called and woke the fiance just after i pulled out of the driveway, to which she leaped out of bed and changed the channel . the best part: i don't think she wore a shirt to bed, and with the voracity with which she jumped out of bed and into the living room... i don't think she was fully clothed.
a guy comes in behind him and asks for twenty dollars on pump 13 . The cop takes off after him, thinking he drove off without pumping his gas and therefore is drunk . Turns out the guy was taken to jail for driving on suspended, they were doing blood work for suspicion of drugs .
i was talking on my phone, a bit tipsy, dishing my hopes and woes to someone too late into the night before work. my phone died, and in a rush i went upstairs to plug it back in. leaving my purse downstairs all night. with cash, and my car keys, 15 feet from my car. by the grace of the universe, and a god damn fucking miracle, it was sitting there when i frantically ran down from my apt praying to the sweet baby jesus it and my car were still there.
my mate and i were on our way to a party, i had a bag with me holding all our drinks and my friends computer (fucked if i knew why he brought a computer to a party)  Anyway we got to the platform our trains leaving from and i see the train sitting there, so i shit myself because i thought it was leaving and proceed to commando dive onto the train and break all the beers in my bag, ruining my clothes and my friends computer . my friend then casually walks in after me and asks me what the fuck i am doing. turns out the train didnt leave for 10 minutes.
i went into the kitchen, grabbed a glass from the cupboard and filled it with ice cold water. nothing could go wrong at this point and i was feeling good from the drinking that ice cold water. because it was hot i decided to hold the cold glass up to my forehead, cooling myself down. i walked around the house for a bit with a glass stupidly held to my head for ten minutes. i tripped over my dog and smashed the glass and my head on the ground. i ended up with 30 stitches on my face and 10 on my hands.
when my friend (a year above me) transferred into the highschool i didn't see her for a year until i got there, and her voice changed. it got really raspy like she'd lost it.  fast forward three weeks and i see her again and her voice was still raspy and i ask how her voice is still gone and she punches me in the arm and continues talking to whoever she was. i didn't even realize until another few weeks had passes and my friend was talking about her voice change and it hit me.
...and breaking his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow) ...and he broke his arm, literally (humerus, just above the elbow)
i dropped a glass measuring cup on on the ground and it shattered.  naturally, i started cutting things with it, seeing how sharp it was, and it worked very well. the band-aid was filled up with blood too quickly so i had to cut the circulation to my finger using my earphone cord.
It was cold enough that the rapid cooling of the glass in the back window shattered the entire thing. now there's glass all over the back seat and up by the back window. such a great way to start the week.
i haven't completed the requited sat subject tests. it cost $80 to apply to mit and i have spent hours on the many essays required. now that may be all flushed down the fucking toilet. i can still take the tests, but they'll cost $78 and my mom won't pay for them.
i'm 20 and haven't pissed the bed for 15 years. i'm hoping against hope this never leaves the room, or the internet. my piss soaked boxers are hurled in the bin never to be seen again.
i was with some friends at the tail end of a night of fireball shots when the guy i kind of like asked me to \"do something sexy\" i decided to show off my ability to do a complete backbend from a standing position. halfway down, it happened. near tears, i crafted a lame drunken excuse to leave. if they found out, they never mentioned it.
i woke up this morning with a very bad cough, that phlegm just won't go out! i don't usually drink treatment meds but this time it's just so bad, i went looking for some robitussin . i was so sure i saw one on the shelf the other day so i went for it but it wasn't there, after looking around in desperation and wild coughing, i finally found it by the sink, got myself a spoonful and drank it right down . it tasted a bit weird, the taste was familiar but it doesn't taste like cough syrup at all
i left a bag full of my secret things in a closet intending to move it later, and she found it. this bag contains several bits of sexy lingerie (i like to feel sexy sometimes), several dildoes and vibrators, anal lube, make up, chastity cage, flesh lite.
im going about 30 on the outer lane being cautious of the ice when suddenly two state trooper squad cars appear on the side dealing with another collision . so me being the law abiding citizen decides to switch to the inner lane so i dont get ticketed for not doing it .
so i was sat in class today trucking through my work and i hear laughing from behind me . i went to get a pencil from my blazer pocket, my phone was also meant to be in the same pocket as the pencil so imagine the look on my face when there was no phone to be found . These guys had taken my phone so they gave me it back and asked me to check my messages . So that's what i do, i see that they sent new messages to my mother so i took the risk of reading these messages, what i saw did not make me happy in the slightest 
It takes at least 5-10 minutes to get hot water this early in the morning. One foot in (ahh that feels good, scalding hot but i can fix that once i am in) step in with second foot... crunch. it wasn\u2019t me and whatever it was it should not be under my foot. keeping calm so that i didn\u2019t flail, fall, scald myself on the really hot water or wake up everyone, i lifted my foot and examine whatever was under my foot. he was flattened like a pancake, all 8 of his legs dangling in the flowing water. he looked like a small
an acquaintance of mine told me today that not only did i pass, but my grade was high enough that was called to accept the job... a month ago. since i didn't know, i lost the job and i really feel like dying right about now.
i went downstairs to grab a midnight snack, their family precious beagle found me and followed me up . the beagle climbed on the bed and was dragging his ass across the portion of the sheets i wasn't on, howling . i attempted to smack him off the bed, and he plopped down with a bark, shitting on the carpet. he then dragged his ass 'all over town' i think this goes to show how whenever these lovely things happen to me, and i try to defend myself, i have to clean up poo all over a white carped from a proud dog .
i'm new enough to reddit that i hadn't yet heard these stories. i saw comments regarding them on a thread. and now i'm going to vomit everywhere.
recently i had gotten strep throat and i was still recuperating from it . i took 2 pills this morning and they were not working out for me . the whole day i felt like crap and i just wanted to go home. i shut up and just took notes. it was very hard to focus knowing you had shit in your pants .
she is a cancer patient who got hired during a period of good health, but then took a turn for the worse and had to go on chemo again. the horrible part is that she refuses to take time off, and instead drags her irradiated, neuropathic, exhausted self to work every night...and is worse than useless at the job once she\u2019s here.
pine needles make a great tea, just rinse them off first and then boil them, its cool because bear grylls does it all the time!\" i wash them off pretty well, start the hot water maker, and put a good amount of needles in the bottom of a mug.  pour the water, let it steep, smells great, mash the needles around the extract more of that lovely smell, and head over to watch some netflix on my computer. here is how i almost died...not sure why, but something inside of me was curious as to what exactly kind of pine needles i was using, and
my strategy when masturbating is as follows: if i hear the tattoo machine running, my boyfriend is clearly not about to wander in the room. i pull up some nasty lesbian ass fetish porn on my phone, bust out the vibrator, and suddenly remember that my roommates dog at the foot of my bed.
i just got off work and headed over to my local liquor store. i use my fake i.d. and freely walk out the door with the bottle in a brown bag in my hand. i instantly see my cousolar from school scoping me out from his truck.
i decided to take a chug so i wouldn't be so dehydrated later on. as soon as i took a sip, i instantly spit it out. it had the saltiest taste ever, and taking a closer look at it, it looked pretty cloudy. to my amazement, it was an entire bottle full of magnesium sulfate, completely useless to me.
    "error": "Unknown error
she has always been very anti-blowjob in her life, but she wanted to try it out with me and found that she actually loves it and now can't seem to get enough of it . We lay in the dark for a while, but when i got up to pee i looked down and noticed that the entire head of my penis was bright red . it's now sore beyond belief and every time it rubs up against my jeans it is incredibly painful .
after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i kind of passed out and woke up still high. after doing some random shit, i
i was taking a test in class, when suddenly i had to piss really bad. unfortunately, this professor was the type that wouldn't let you leave the class during a test for any reason, or he'd take the test and grade you based on what you had completed so far. by the time i was done and could leave, i could feel some turbo-shits knocking on my anal sphincter. an hour later, my laptop bag smelled like a porta-potty. it smells like i dipped it in urine, then set it out in the sun to dry.
i've been feeling under the weather for the past couple of days. things are crazy with work so i don't want to take any more time off. i'm feeling miserable and then in my desk, i remember i have some cold medicine. it says that it's for common colds. so i pop one down the hatch and keep along my merry way.
i picked up this pretty german girl from a house party and we were at her place. Started to think that whoa this girl is getting super wet super fast. It looked like a scene from a horror movie, blood was all over her, myface and her sheets. After sobering up i started to think it was propably not as cool of a joke for her as it was for me.
i told my roommate that it wasn't possible to room with him since he's not a student manager . Since he knew me and i hadn't answered right away to my supervisor or to him telling him he had to leave, they said that i was very close to losing my position for the summer .
i was sitting at my desk carrying on with my bid'ness as usual when my monitors start to pulsate . my eyes would stay open for 2 seconds at a time and i could barely walk . i tried to cover my legs and stuff as much as possible, but it's not really an easy thing or a priority to cover your underwear when the only care in your life is sleep .
She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth because of me . She tripped and lost two teeth
i just got the new tomb raider for like 20 bucks the other day. So when I saw dead space 1 and 2 i figured, \"wow people say great things about that game\" and it's only 10 bucks for both.
I showed up to my class this morning only to find an empty classroom . Double checked the final schedule online and yep my final was yesterday . I was able to get in touch with my professor and schedule a make up .
lock the door on my way out of the house, and once the door is shut i realised that i left my keys in the house. i could get out of the garage, with the remote to open the roller door. but i don't have car key to go to work, and i don't have a way of getting back into the house.  so i devise a plan to break back through the door. i use this to pry the door open. the door trim becomes partially detached, but not too bad.. and the metal piece to hold the lock onto the door frame pops off and the
my other friend (let's call him max) messages me saying \"man he is getting really worked up\" i messages him back saying \" yeah, jake can get pretty defensive\" then jake gets really quiet.  evidently i sent the message to jake, he got very angry and left.
i've been having some family issues, i'm pretty sure i'm emotionally unstable, i have a tendency to hold everything in, and i've failed every single class this year . when i was younger i had a bad home life and the way i learned to deal with things when shit got tough was to just push everybody away . he is my first boyfriend so i didn't realize a \"break\" was such a big deal. in his past relationships the so called \"breaks\" just ended up meaning that they wanted to break up .
i kept pushing to go to the beach with friends when one of them was uncomfortable with me being there. i think i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick.
I am on a probationary period and the only thing i was ever told to be mindful of was attendance . I tend to leave at 25 minutes before the start of my shift and then run to the time clock . Now i got 2 late attendance issues and i even got talked to by a supervisor. he said not to come in late again because he really likes me and wants to see me succeed .
just like five 30 minutes ago, i came home from work and stopped at the store to get two tubs of ice cream cause i'm cool like that. Just a minute ago my mom yelled from across the house and asked were i put the ice cream i looked in the floor next to me and picked up the tub only to feel a luke warm soup of what used to be icecream. i proceeded to do the walk of shame into the kitchen to place the soup in the kitchen to allow it to freeze, it may be minor but i feel so stupid.
i'm like 5 foot something and 120 lbs. i had been meaning to go to my local gym's weight room for months now, never really got around to it. i have trouble lifting 50 pound amplifiers by myself, without a roadie's aid. i can't even mentally grasp this fuck up.
today's one was with a technical team member, to make sure that i knew my stuff . everything went well, and i was offered the job (amazingly!), to start next week, but have decided to turn it down in favor of another one .  turns out, the management don't know anything about proper development processes for it, and force quick and dirty solutions .
She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't. She wasn't.
this is probably a common occurence here but somehow i need to get this out of my system (haha) i usually don't drink coffee, last night i had two. combined with the binge drinking from a couple days ago (i had not shat in the meantime) i am kinda used to this situation, i am a classic shitbreak and i didn't want to leave my stuff unattended on the train so i decided on trying to hold out. in the bus from the train station to the dorm the situation got more serious. when i finally got out i almost made it to the dorm entrance
why the fuck can i never get it through my head that just because something is tiny and adorable does not mean that it won't bite me? those little bastards have teeth like miniature steak knives.
my parents are giving me a ride home from college today and i packed a small drawstring bag the week before of shit i would need in the car, snacks/bottle of water, shit to play with, book about led zeeplin (\"when giants walked the earth\"so far pretty good and recommend it.).  flashforward to about an hour ago, 45 minutes into the ride, i was digging through the bag looking for something to entertain me and i saw a cookie in a baggie i got about as excited as a five year d would and ate it.  now about 20 minutes ago i am reading my book and
for Christmas i got a three month membership to the local uxl, i wanted a personal trainer as i know nothing about working out. i had a sit down with the head trainer and the overview he gave me was two months in advance, then after that going month to month until i wanted to cancel. While checking my banking i notice there's a $120 charge for for the personal training, after i said something to my trainer about noting wanting to renew. i talk to the guy, who's a real dick head, and he just puts on a shit eating grin and said yeah that was for a
i forgot to put sugar in my coffee. no problem. i try to snap the plastic lid back onto my coffee and struggle. almost my entire iced coffee goes spilling all over the little table with cream, sugars, and stirrers and all over the nearby trash can. i get about 10 napkins and try to mop up all the coffee but it's too much, fuck. i realize now i should tell the employees. but then it dawns on me there are no other customers, and the employees cannot see me.
over the week i wasn't able to find a decent gift that i thought would be liked so planned on sending a card or e-card . Mom gets pissed as my brother completely forgot as well, won't talk to either of us, which don't blame her for. even if i wanted to send a gift now, i feel its too late and even then the idea i had was said not to be good when i asked my dad's opinion yet again .
i'll admit, i waited until the last minute. maybe that was my first fu. going through the ordering process on auto-pilot, it seems as if i just didn't read the headings and switched billing address with shipping confirmation email... read it cmooooooon. cut to this afternoon, we get from the dog park and there are flowers on our door step. i am perplexed as we don't have (human) kids so reaching for the card it suddenly clicks what these might be. yeah, ifu wife thought it was hilarious, and called me dumbass; called mom and she
i woke up this morning and decided that i wanted empty out my motorcycles gas tank and put some new fuel into it. i haven't ran the thing in close to a year so it made sense (in my head) i put the hose into the motorcycle tank and began sucking. being my first time every doing this, i didn't know how quickly the gas would move and before i knew it, i had a mouthful. i quickly spat it out and rinsed my mouth, but i have been burping up gas all day and it tastes horrible.
girl at work dropped these major hints and i'm too oblivious to realise until now . \"i haven't been to watch a film in ages\" \"we should make it look like we're on a date!\" \"it really upsets me that you're finishing. it really upsets me\"
i had been hanging out with a friend of mine, and ended up driving his sister and cousin into the valley (clubbing suburb) so i didn't get home until about 1030 and i had work the next morning. i was just about to go to bed when another friend called and asked if i wanted to join them at the local pub for last drinks. stupidly i accepted. got very drunk there in a short period of time, then he brought out the bottle of tequila and poured everybody shots. i said \"i'll have the bottle!\" and polished off the three or four shots that were left
my roommate and i had decided to put our beds in bunk beds for the weekend since we were going to have company and the added floor space would help alot. One end of the unit was against a wall and the other was in open space so my roommate took the open side and i proceeded to lay down on the bottom bunk to push the top bunk up and off of the bottom. after a few minutes of helpless struggling my roommate calls me a pussy which of course means he has to try (and succeed) now. a few seconds later after no success he decides hes going to throw his legs into the
my dad has told me over and over and over again not to play soccer in the house. \"you're going to break a goddamn window\" he'd say. i'm 19 years old, i shouldn't be kicking a ball around in the fucking house anyway.
i am at home for a while until i start my new contract, which is to be sent via recorded delivery any moment now. anyway. literally as i'm finishing the doorbell goes and so some of it misses the tissue and goes on my hand. i need to answer the door because it might be my contract which i don't wanna miss, also i don't wanna wipe my cum on myself. i had no choice but to wipe my right hand on the pamphlet behind the door, i then shook both of their hands and watched the man with the walking stick proceed to put his hand on the
/r/cumsluts is the first thing in my chrome auto-complete whenever i type \"www.redd\" in the address bar . i don't browse reddit from my work computer...but i do keep a vnc session to my home server and browse from there, so no history or anything is on my work machine .
i decided that letting the cat play outside wouldn't be a good idea . i got the kids ready for daycare, got dressed, put on my shoes, dropped them off at daycare and went to work. i noticed a terrible piss smell and thought they should really clean better. i slowly realized it might be me that was causing that smell.
i'm sitting at my computer, lolzing at all the fun reddit and r/tifu has to offer, after just preparing myself a delicious smelling, cardboard looking microwave lasagna.  note that i got no drink of water or anything to go with this delightful imitation feast. i burned my tongue and went to go get some water.
in order to get to the total price, you must enter all passengers info. i put random nonsense in each field (sjkadashdkjahsd) and proceeded to book the trip when i seen i could afford it. gf caught it and had to spend the next 2 hours on the phone :( it was fixed, though!
My sister and i are about the same age. she lives in georia with her husband . My wife and i haven't been to church in quite some time, and we aren't really bothered by that . i woke up this morning to a message from my sister, we'll call her dana .
i wake up, parents already gone (i don't have classes today), and i notice the garbage bags. i take them out and don't think about it anymore. a while later my mom calls me to tell me... not to touch the bags she left. they were actually full of old clothes that she wanted to donate.
i'm backing away from the parking spot and *thump* i feel my stomach drop and the van hitting something. behind the van, just a few feet away there is a classic black dodge charger. i quickly got back into the company van and made my exit from this scene. in my defense, the dodge charger is completely parked out of place where there is no room to back away from.
i hit one of these unobtanium pebbles with as much force as a 245 lb, 5'9\" grown man can possibly generate. i managed to fall over my right leg, and was instantly gripped by the most blinding, sense nullifying pain imaginable. my fibula was split in half and dislocated.
i walked in front of 50 people waiting for the same cash register . i didn't really want that sandwich so badly that i would wait in line that long, so i left .
i went to get my eyes checked out about a week ago at cohen's fashion optical . It turns out i have slight astigmatism, -0.75 cycle . They didn't have any glasses i liked so i decided to give contacts a shot . Now it turns out that i can't even get a refund for them, and can only recieve store credit .
i'm talking werewolf meets a parody of a jew sunbathing amount of hair. below my ass is not that bad but on my ass and above it is a dense, dank forest. i have so much of it that i was getting heat rashes in my armpits from the sweat and dirt that built up under the matted layers of hair and it was then that i went to my doctor and she advised me to 'cut some down' i mark this as the seminal moment of my adolescence, and let me tell you, dear reader, like kramer told jerry, 'once you start... you cannot stop
unsubscribing. seriously every day thats all it's anymore. Unsubscribing is not a service, it's a way of life.
i poured my iced tea into my bowl of salad instead of my glass. i wasn't paying attention and poured my iced tea into my bowl of salad instead of my glass.
when i was 17, however, i tore my shoulder up in football practice, and re-tore it wakeboarding, and had to basically quit all of my sports. i was given the option to have surgery, which would have allowed me to possibly play the last game of the season in football, but never be able to throw again, or not have surgery and just do physical therapy and sit out football/track anyway . i picked option #2, since it seemed like i wasn't going to play football/track any more anyway, so i didn't really want to go under the knife .
when i was a young man mowing and watering lawns. at the end of the season i collected all of my hoses form the properties that i cared for. i pulled into a mobil gas station and filled up with super unleaded so that i could get my free wash. i proceeded to the rear of the station to drive through the wash, and once the big old brush came over the hood of my truck, and down to the bed things became very loud and scary.
The first rule of guy hood: do not tell a girl they are fat . The second rule of guy hood: do not tell a girl they are fat .
my boyfriend and i have been together for almost two years and a little over a year . during that time i met someone who i just saw this weekend. well he's very attractive and such and so i was talking to him and made the mistake of telling him i'd do him. i straight up said \"i would fuck you\".
2 weeks into it, i got pretty comfy, and, when getting ready for work in a haste at the crack of dawn, i threw stuff out of my backpack on the floor .  seriously, some kinky-@$$ sh!t. like a bunch of vibrators. and a 16'' double-dildo (what? they are easier to grip, way more). i could not, would not look the man in the eye after he discovered my dong collection (and what's the protocol for that? leave it alone? clean it and wrap a ribbon around? snap a picture and post
my dad has been using ios 4.shit on his iphone 3gs since forever and whatsapp stopped working sometime last month and after being bothered everyday since then i decided to update his phone and install that damn thing. it all goes fine until after i install the program i realize his contacts are missing. i rushed to my laptop, \"it backed up, it should have. fucking god almighty please tell me it did.\" it didn't, his 400+ business contacts or whatever, his pictures, his notes with bank and cheque details basically everything he needs was on that phone and now it isn't.
i met this nice girl in my neighborhood, and got to know her more. i ended up having a crush on her, casually moving towards the \"more than friends\" zone.  meanwhile, i was noticing a trend in the park right in front of my house, where there would be a group of teenagers smoking/dealing weed outside of my house every week.
after a few beers, after a few beers, i managed to trip myself up as i crossed the road. as my hands were in my pockets, i couldn't do anything to stop it and head butted the pavement. as i went to stand, i noticed the blood gushing from my head. i was able to get up and walk home but i had also cut my nose and lip quite badly. as soon as my wife saw it she insisted i go to the hospital to get stitched up.
i haven't played soccer in years, but some of my buddies were playing one morning so i joined up with them. After a few minutes of kicking the ball around i'm standing near the mid-field line, maybe 40-50 yards from the goal, and the guy playing goalie shouts to me, \"hey, 100 bucks if you can score on me from there!\" As soon as i strike the ball, i yell \"fuck!!!\" in excruciating pain, open my eyes, and realize i was still in my bed, dreaming.
my last day working as a manager for a fast food company is Tuesday . My give a fuck broke about half way through my 2 weeks .
so my friend dave keeps changing his skype pic to tits to mess with me (because im straight) so one day i change my pic to a hairy dick, i call him... he wont stop laughing, i realised all my skype friends saw my pic... apparently im a raging homosexual now...
someone let out a spoiler, supposedly in the 2nd book, and another guy was pointing out the spoiler was on the last page of the current book, and i gave that guy the finger . the person running the meeting actually yelled at me at this point and actually disrupted the proceedings far more than i had with what i thought was a playful middle finger .
i'm pretty drunk and am quite sure my paper rawks. i think my bf deployed overseas just proposed to me today. god what i wouldn't give for some scotch.
and getting a zero on the midterm. it's in my cis 125e class. we took the midterm, saved it and submitted it through blackboard, no big deal. except the name of the midterm workbook and the practice workbook are very close, and i didn't change the name. i was pretty out of it before i went to class and happened to click the wrong file, i'm such a dingus :( i really hope i can get this figured out tomorrow.
when i take my tampons out sometimes they kind of get some momentum going and they swing a little . i tried to move it so it didn't hit the toilet and, as a result, it swung directly on my shirt . i got up, cleaned up, looked at my shirt, and there are two red freaking stains on my shirt. period blood. no way to fake a nose bleed either because it was not drops.
i broke a girl's ankle last week while we were playing dodgeball . well, today was our first day back after thanksgiving break . well, now that people know I broke this girl's ankle, they are probably going to think differently of me . i don't know if i should just wait this one out until her ankle heals, or if i really should apologize, even if i have no real idea of who this girl is .
at the end of the shift, i am required to remove the notes from the 3 tills in my kiosk and look after the money until the cash office come to collect it . after something happened, one of the managers sent me off to do another job away from my kiosk, so i left the \u00a3720 in the charge of a colleague . when i returned to the kiosk a couple of minutes later, i was told by the girls that the money had been collected . i was told that thanks to me, \u00a3720 had gone missing - probably walked out of the door in the pockets of my staff
i'm incredibly forgetful but never, ever this much. the only reason i even realized it was because i received an email from the service we use for online classes notifying me that they'd done a routine password reset. i'm scared to go on and check how much work i haven't done... i'm already so backed up with other late work it's crazy.
my landlord gets a cleaner in once a week to spruce the place up and stuff. we are both busy professionals so neither of us have time to clean.  yesterday, my handsome and sexy booty call was too tired from work and didnt want to insult me by being crap in bed. fair enough. some sexy snapchats had been sent back and forth over the past few days so i was riled up and ready to sit on the d. too bad, we have to reschedule for next week. my cleaning lady now knows i masturbate with the showerhead. she has to clean the bathroom next...
last week i forgot my license in the car. today i left my backpack in the car. i have a huge test tomorrow so now it will be difficult to study, i also have a major assignment due tomorrow that is in my backpack.
i forgot to unplug the flash drive from the computer and went back home.  later she contacted me to return the drive to her, and that's when i realized that i have lost it.
Last week I tried anal sex for the first time . It was the best sex of my entire life. every single thrust felt so overwhelmingly awesome. the next day, however, when i went to do my business, i noticed blood on the tp. the next week consisted of some very painful poops. i was crying and painfully shitting out liquid fire through my poor, torn asshole. i finished and proceeded to skip class and cry in my bed for an hour straight.
only to see how much she loves her new lover and how happy she is... and before you tell me fb stalking is a bad idea, i already know and i've been so good leaving her alone. but today my curiosity got the best of me and it really ended up burning me in the ass...like always.
dashlane password manager pops up with a warning about storing unencrypted passwords in your browser . Dashlane listed his logins to every single weird porn site he was subscribed to .
gurgling feeling in my stomach was pressuring me to get the fuck up and use the bathroom . i kept dozing, drifting in and out of sleep for maybe an hour before the pressure in my abdomen could take no more . my roommate turns of the shower and is out of there in record time. if only i had waited.
My friend says to me trying to persuade me to piss in someones garden on a tree, to just pee in one of the empty beer cans. great idea! no mess and it's all nice and tidy. here we go, pissing in a beer can. turns out the edges are pretty sharp and i'm drunk and its cold outside i and the edge of the beer can cuts a deep rift in y cocked that's pressed pretty deep into the beer can-hole as to prevent any spilling. i have cut my head and it's bleeding profusely both due to the cold and the
i'm terrified as i don't want to explain this to my boss, very religious and sentimental about traditions like this . i'm terrified as i don't want to explain this to my boss, very religious and sentimental about traditions like this and have to pay and arm and a leg for a replacement . i used everything! bleach, windex, drain-o and even paint thinner!
one of my roommate's left his door open and i thought it would be a great idea to look around in his computer to find out more about him.  also grabbed his external and went looking around there. i don't remember anything from what i found (probably blacked out a bit) but i do remember him coming home and being furious with me.
she started to get closer and closer until was basically dancing with me, one thing to another and we started kissing. as soon as he saw the picture he recognized her sister. i knew he had a sister but i had never seen her, and i had no clue that she was my friend's sister, although i have a small suspicious that she knew who i was.
My prof sent my class an article about homeostasis in frogs, so i wanted to send him an cool article i read about the subject . i find an interracial bdsm video where the girl looks exactly like a friend of mine (it wasn't, but the likeness was uncanny) i promptly copy pasted the link to send to a mutual friend of ours for shits .
one day i was talking with a co-worker about the sfw porn network on reddit, and she overheard me say that... now she won't talk to me, let alone even glance in my direction, unless its to give me a dirty look.
when i was brushing my teeth, a big glob of toothpaste fell out of the tube and onto my hand. due to my tired state, i didn't notice it until it was too late.  later in the day i (attempted) to run my hand through my hair, and i was greeted by a helmet of hair harder than a spartan helm.
http://i.imgur.com/g32d0ot . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter . Follow us on Instagram .
i needed to make my way from a station on the outskirts of London right into the heart of it, changing 7-8 times . i ran out at liverpool street, rushing to the ticket barrier. the ticket was in my pocket. the act of reaching for it set something off inside. i printed to the toilets, which were oh so conveniently placed on the opposite side of the station, in a portaloo. i rushed into a stall, tore of my jeans (which were covered in shit) and used 3-4 rolls of toilet paper to clean myself. i also had no trousers, and smelled of human
This is another one of those tifus that actually happened a few months ago, but i didn't feel ready to re-visit this escapade until i'd moved out of my family home . for a good 3 days in the summer i had been eating nothing but homemade nachos, which is basically just shitloads of cheddar cheese grated on top of tortilla chips . the sight of his older brother jettisoning 3 days of digested nachos all over the bathroom and the smell that accompanies is , understandably, fairly overwhelming for the poor boy .
due to her bipolar issues, she sexts me back and forth then later on in the day she'll call me a creep for the things i said . i think i'll have to put on my supa nigga suit and save myself .
we went to lay down in his bed and continue getting frisky. i went down on him and less than a few minutes after, he jumped up and ran to the shower...along the way screaming whats going on. for the next 10 minutes, he was in the shower. and my lips were burning so bad i nearly cried thinking about his dick feeling like that. never again.
substitute teacher is asked to show kids pictures of Santa Claus . Student: \"pleaseeeee Mr. absentmindedly show us the real santa claus\" Teacher: \"you know there is no real santa, right?\"
i woke up this morning, went out to the barn to discover that one of my kittens had died :( then i was milking a cow and she kicked me so hard in the hand i thought she broke it, then i went to jump on my boyfriends back so he could give me a piggy back ride to the house, and smashed my bad knee into an air tank in the milk house. now i can't bend my leg.
i just missed by 4th chem test by not going to class and assuming the test date to be this friday. just found out it was actually on 12/6 and there are no make ups.
On the way home this lady with her baby needed to use my phone to call the police on her abusive boyfriend. so she did and then the police came. We waited more and the ambulance with the lady and baby left and as soon as they left my friend ran over to the chief of police's car and started talking to him. The ambulance came and the medics were looking at him and they said they had to take them to the hospital. Then he tried to convince them not to take him but he is a minor and he didn't have a choice and they left with him.
i forgot water. it was smoking in my kitchen, and when i opened the microwave a huge gout of smoke poured out. i have opened all my windows but i'm kinda paranoid about my lungs. my gf won't be happy when she comes home from work.
today was a really horrible day. if you think you've been having a bad day... youre wrong here's some background to my nightmare - so it all started about a week ago when i decided i wanted to buy a fleshlight. being kinda scared about the whole thing i presented the idea to two of my ideas figuring that they would want them also. before i knew it, we were buying 3 fleshlights. now let me remind you, this was during the black friday special where you get a free sleeve and a free mr. limpy (don't ask, we're not gay it
i was having one of those horny times so anyway, i set my phone to vibrate and put it between my thigh and squeeze.  midway through the thing my boss shows up and starts talking about some ideas for a project we're working on. then i started feeling like shit, and i'm terrified. i don't know if he really knew, or what he thinks. he respects me and likes my work & efforts... and i might have just destroyed all that :(
i was in a show today and during a quick change i ripped my pants pretty badly in the crotch area. i was wearing dark spanks underneath, but it was still pretty obvious. i didn't have time to find other pants so i went on stage in front of over fifteen hundred people with crotch-less pants on.
I accidentally texted my boss's wife to say \"i'm actually not feeling so hot baby so i'm gonna go to sleep\" i thought about making plans to go out with some friends, but decided to just stay home and rest to prepare for another early morning at my second job after a long week at my primary, and coming down with some congestion. i arrived at their house today, she answered the door, and nothing was said on the matter.
she was suppose to receive some skull candy head phones from here grandma but they never came. She had also previously ordered lingerie that was suppose to come about the same time. Now her grandmother is a 80 year old classic middle upper class religious southern woman.
yesterday i felt like shaving my junk, i don't know why i just did. unfortunately, i wasnt taking my time and gave myself some serious razor burn all around my crotch . it looks awful and it hurts like shit. why did I do this?
i went to the bar with a friend. just to relax and drink my sorrows away after a crappy week . then i suddenly notice that my coat is missing. In my coat where the keys to my apparment and a freshly opened pack of sigarets.. the bad thing about the keychain is that the keys for my office are on them as well .
i woke up around 2am needing to use the toilet . as i was heading back to bed i remembered i hadn't brushed my teeth so i walked back and started brushing. i get to the point i need to spit and rinse the brush midway through and with a spark of inspiration remember i have bottles of water lying around the place. i grab the nearest one and pour roughly where the brush is...you know, in relation to my hands. took me a good 30-40 minutes to get back to sleep after that.
her face immediately changed to a mix of \"you did not just say that\" and a sad look and immediately it hits me what i said. the drive to her house was quiet and as much as i apologized she still wouldn't speak.
back in 9th grade, there was a serious drug problem at my school... ex-lax and it\u2019s \u201cusers\u201d were running rampant through the hallways of my high school . i\u2019m not exactly sure as to how many victims fell prey during the ex-lax saga, but i\u2019m just glad that my little run in with the substance didn\u2019t take place on school grounds . this was the year that i was introduced to both marijuana and ex-lax... 2004 was my 80\u2032s.
i'm currently on vacation in brazil and a friend of mine from my hometown in portugal also came here for a different reason, and we decided to hang out one night. there was a party yesterday and we decided to go there for some fun and drinks and stuff, so he asks me during the day to go buy some drinks. later at night i show up with 2 bottles of vodka and 1 of juice and the four of us (his friends) start drinking before entering the party because we weren't allowed to bring outside drinks. his 2 friends didn't drink a hell of a lot so it turned
i don't know what the fuck happened, but immediately upon striking the water, about 16 million fruit flies erupted from it and swarmed the room . my house is infested with them now, every room has countless shit bastards everywhere .
i really like spicy stuff so i wanted to try it. it was pretty good and had a kick to it. i made the mistake of swallowing when i tasted it so i coughed a lot. i participated in this challenge by putting my finger on the top of the bottle and dabbing it on my tongue. Luckily i was not holding my dick, but i did pick my nose.
posts were on a recent reddit topic about \"sex at work\" my girlfriend introduced me to reddit about 6 or so months ago . i just wrote about my past. it was a bit exaggerated, but mostly true-ish. now, at first she thought the story was about my last girlfriend, but explaining it wasn't didn't really help. now she's angry. i know this was going to happen. i knew that somehow, someway, she was going to find it. she even told me recently that she just has that kind of luck.. and apparently she is right.
i (m 15) live about a mile away from wendys, and decided to spend my friday afternoon with my friends. So when we get there i get a classic, chocolate, frosty and and joking with my friends eat it with a plastic knife. We talked, laughed, and had a good time. eventually we had enough and decided it was time to head back, and we throw away our trash.. Now if you have ever tasted a plastic spoon you would know that for some reason that plastic lollipop is like candy! We were about halfway back, walking on the dirt path when i turn
my brother works at a sales job and the last friday of every month they have a big drink up at the bar near their office . i order two shots of midori, which i thought would have won the game, to which a very cute girl says, \"double fisting,? bold.\" i give her my most dapper smile and say, \"well god gave me two hands for a reason\"
my good friend's dad lost his battle to cancer. he's a great guy, and he **never** talks about it. he's positive, and very funny. this morning, i've spent my conscious hours posting crude would you rather jokes to my facebook friends who signed up for ask.fm, that new site where people anonymously ask people questions. i had a pretty good one that i was about to ask him. \"would you rather have sex with your cat, and have your dad walk in, or have sex with your dad and have the cat walk in?\" it took me so long
last night i'm studying really late in my apartment. it's getting really, really late, like 3:30am or so. i go to take a piss before bed and i'm so tired that i didn't realize that i was actually peeing on my shorts. \"fuuuuuuuuuuuck!\" it was bad. it soaked from the waist to the knee, all down the front. i woke up at 8:07am for my 8:30am exam. in rushing to get out the door, i didn't realize that i grabbed the very same piss marinated shorts from the previous night. well,
yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. whoops. whoops.  yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. whoops.
i woke up this morning when my girlfriend was going to work. she left the dorm room and i took it upon myself to rub one out. my girlf doesn't like it when i jerk it and it makes her upset, so i was feeling guilty (even though she didn't know). i showered and then got ready for a meet-up i had with some classmates about a presentation we have to make tomorrow about france, belgium and the netherlands during the holocaust.
she's worried her current boyfriend might go through her facebook messages and find out that we've been talking, and that we should communicate some other way instead. so i go and continue making the new fake account that i'll be using for work and add her as a friend. i send her an email telling her i added her on fb with my fake account, and also a few paragraphs on the jobs i've set up for her and i also offered to pay her phone bill because she's broke as hell and needs one to job search. i log on to my real facebook to find that
My subconscious had my penis in mind (when does it not?) i wasn't consciously thinking about *how* or *where* i was measuring my hand until i hear my grandpa ask \"what are you trying to measure there?\" i promptly try to pass it off like nothing by continuing to measure my arm and head.
i got home wasted after an amazing night of beer, champagne and free drinks . i woke up from my alarm ringing at 07:00, and am immediately greeted by a impressive amount of vomit . i crumple into the human equivalent of a sack of potatoes . i get up and push my way past other people that are boarding and rip open the door to a toilet .
i am looking to lower my phone bill. notice that my local minutes is over my 200 minutes by 3700 fucking minutes. i check how much they charge for any over the limit minutes. i do the math quickly, and with my plan, plus the 3700 times 50 cents. i now have a phone bill just over $1900. this will take me over a month of full time work to pay.
one of my roommates wants to leave at the end of august/july. my other roommate (one moving out at the end of the summer) is not legally obligated to pay the portion of rent that the other guy leaves if he leaves early, leaving me to pay his share for the 3-4 months left before moving out.
my series with [this](http://i.imgur.com/gsjc4h.jpg) photo and others like it are gone, along with 480-ish downloaded movies (can't really complain about losing those). i know i've lost other photos, mostly the .psd/.tif files.
after a few songs we started talking a little more, and i asked where she went to school. she giggled real hard and said \" i don't go to school hun\" i got a better look at her face, and realized she was old enough to be my mother. she said \" thanks for that, that was fun\"
i just got back from vacation and went through a couple time-zones, apparently the jet lag and being exhausted will make you sick or something like that. i didn't know that, anyways got up about 4 hours after we got back as i had to furnish my room. i felt like shit but i usually felt like that when i was on vacation so i just thought as soon as i ate it would've gone away, wrong. we were walking through ikea and i knew it wasn't going to end well but i was trying to just make it through the store than i could do it
i was sitting on the toilet enjoying a shit when i feel a slight prick/sting coming from my stomach . Thankfully, my mother had left her tweezers sitting on the sink next to the toilet .
condensation on the passenger seat . srs light on my dash. damn, must have shaken the car too much and tripped the incident meter.  $80 later and he's reset my system, and told me that in the future if i'm moving things about or cleaning to turn my ignition off to not trip the sensors.
my right thigh really cramped up after i got back from a run . i grabbed the \"icy-hot\" cream i often use when my back is sore, and put it right where it hurt the most . after standing up and taking a couple steps i realized my blunder, the still wet cream rubbed up against my balls, its been three hours, and my testes are still burning .
i have barley done any of it, and i dont really understand what i have to do for any of it . think i have wasted my time thinking i could achieve anything at uni .
my friend gave me these pot cookies, now i\u2019ve never tried an edible before so i decided half would be a safe bet to take. that was a bad decision. i pretty much described the symptoms of being high to the lady of the phone. i pretty much described the symptoms of being high to the lady of the phone. i pretty much described the symptoms of being high to the lady of the phone.
i pulled out my wallet, paid, and walked off . 50 minutes later, i get a slip to come to the campus police office .  talks about how it's a felony, and that i'm technically an adult . in school suspension all next week, and i got a phone call home to the parentals .
At least half of the questions required a calculator in order to compute the answer . Near the end of the test period one of the lab assistants slipped me a calculator, but it wasn't enough time to go back and do all the math questions . i had a 'b' in the class before the final... i'll be lucky if i don't have to retake the entire class now .
i am in grad school to finish my masters of social work degree . i have to complete an internship during my final semester . i want to go on leave at my current job to balance the internship and school work while not dying from exhaustion . my job thinks that i'm quitting (as they just denied my request for leave and pto)
My lawyer submitted paperwork requesting court date be moved, we never heard back . Since that time i've had two job related background checks . huge thanks to reddit for all the advice, karma and support .
i bombed the final. the worst part is that i have a job lined up for January 13th and now i have to tell my boss about the fuck up and maybe have my offer declined. i will graduate from college without taking any additional classes. the job and salary are still on the table regardless of my degree.
got on the bus home from lectures at uni with friends from my course. the bus is full so i'm standing which is fine, though it's in one of the more open sections of the standing area so i need to reach up for the rings to hold on to.  deciding that i might fall over if I remain hanging onto the rings, i decide to reach for a pole a couple of feet away. as i do so the bus goes round a corner and i lose my balance. it takes me a while to properly lose it though, so there were a good five-ten seconds where i
i lost two weeks worth of finals group project work with a deadline within two days by losing the memory card with the only copies of our clips . now i have to beg the professor to excuse my groupmates .
coworker asked me to help him set up a second database for one of our apps . Tried bringing up your original app to make sure it still works . Original version of app comes up.... no data! us: \"well, looks like there's no data in this anymore\"
she said she \"poetically raped\" me. rape of any kind doesn't feel good. i freaked out on her, as i said \"dude, not cool,\" and kept asking to wash out my mouth.
my friend texted me earlier tonight asking if i wanted to go see the hobbit. i assumed he meant the first part was playing at the small local movie theater which plays movies long after they are released. i saw the first one like 20 times already so i declined. i realized my mistake a couple hours later while browsing reddit, but my friends were already at the theater.
i took a hoodie i was going to wear this evening and threw it in the dryer with my other clothes, not thinking about the skunk i had in it. everyone is home and in the living room when the entire house starts smelling overwhelmingly of fruity goodness to me, but awful to my family. i decided to just say \"oh man, my friend asked me to hold onto this while his landlord came through. he's gonna be pissed that it went through the dryer!\"
i forgot to turn in my final for a class within the 24 hour window my professor was accepting it. i emailed her, begging for partial credit, but i don't have very much hope. i've had an a, but with a zero on this i'll get a d.
i'm a female in my mid-20s. last year i was living in Sydney, Australia . i'd just finished up my second semester of art school. this was my second degree and it was going really well. i thought to myself, \"it's almost the holidays, surely some people on gumtree [aussie version of craigslist] are wanting artwork for various reasons. let's investigate.\" sure enough, there were some ads up, and i replied to them. i promptly heard back from one guy who was \u201cseeking artist for nude portrait to give to my wife for Christmas.\u201d
so as a joke i tap a girls shoulder and say \"have you meet my friend tom?\" i then wink and tell her he's a great guy a bit lonely and could use a girl. she respounds with \"that's my cousin\"
this actually happened two years ago but i and a friend (who was involved) recently talked about it and i thought you guys would like this. you know the plastic guns that shoot small pellets. we all had pistols except me, i had thrown a bit more money into this game and gotten a life-size ak-47. As soon as it left my hands a man pushed me face first into a wall, made me get on my knees and handcuffed me. then of course two of the other guys show up and see me, confused they both just drop thier guns when yelled at and get put down beside me
in our family we traditionally have had a fairy on top of our Christmas tree instead of an angel or star or something. the tree fairy has a plastic cone around which a dress thingy is wrapped for the body and - until recently - had a head made of ceramicy, porcelainey stuff.
i had just bought a new car about a month ago and there was almost no one on the road except for one car a ways down. seeing that i decided to see just how fast this car could go. i get closer to the car, he's two lanes over so i decide to keep my foot down. it was from about 20ft away that i noticed it was a cop. i now have a date to appear in court for driving 100mph in a 55mph speed limit.
my husband and i are trying to return the gifts we got for each other in time to buy groceries. i'm returning a couple of things i got for my daughter as well. next year, i'll start saving early so i have money to share that doesn't hinge on my \"projected\" paycheck. oops.
i was apologizing to everyone in my class and tried explaining it was a joke from somewhere. Also i'm not a sexist male i think male and females should have equal rights.
when i get home my mom tells me that she got me grapes. now, i fucking love grapes, so i shove half a package of grapes down my gullet by the fistful. bad idea, i now have the shits 20 minutes away from my audition. splash zone.
i was going to help produce a piece for the first time for this film production company that produces well-known tv shows. it was a small piece, pretty inconsequential, but it's my first piece, so i was pretty excited. my phone had died, and i was really distracted at work today with something else that was on my plate and didn't have my email open on my comp. i didn't see the email from the guy who asked me to help with the production tomorrow to come down to meet him today to talk about it.
when i entered the room my teacher asked me to leave the classroom in a stern voice because \"hazardous liquids are not allowed in the chemical environment\" i was first appalled but knew that this absolutely could not be true. after class, during the precious time of lunch, i went back to her and respectfully talk to her. my teacher dismissed everything i was doing, especially when she shielded her face and put her phone in my face and continued to draft a text message to the school's security to escort me out of the class.
when i woke up my laptop had been restarted . i opened the last link that i viewed on it in my semi-conscious state . It was an imgur album with pictures of a man branding the head of his penis .
i had found this double bagged 80liter garbage bag by the stairs full of dirty cups, cutlery and plates/bowls . i fed that bag blow after blow, reducing the evil contents from their form and function .
Engine and transmission damage was estimated to cost more than the old piece. Estimated to cost more than the old piece. Estimated to cost more than the old piece.
my boss, who was a self centered dick, was certain that there was nothing wrong with it. i went to check it out anyway sure enough, i was able to diagnose the problem, and as soon as i was able to prove to scd that the machine was really broken, he fired me.
i got a bj right after we got some ice cream together. she must have ate too much, cause she puked all over my dick and balls. i was laying down on the bed, and i could feel all the melted ice cream flow down my balls and into my butt crack.
The seam going down the front of my running pants is completely unraveled . i have no idea how long it had been that way, but chances are it was like that from the time i put them on this morning . i just want to thank you all for the shared stories...it's oddly reassuring to know i am not the only one that this kind of thing happens to .
After knee surgery, the doctor told me that I would experience constipation, pain, etc. So about four days into recovery, nature calls, and i hobble into the bathroom. about ten seconds in, i realize that i'm turtle-heading. the next day, things are going well besides the slight discomfort in my tummy, so i tell my mom i'm going to the bathroom. \"don't push too hard! you'll get hemorrhoids!\" bitch, please. at this point i am at day 6 with no successful bowel movement, and i'm feeling
also, didn't even look cool. it took the wind out of me so i came out of the water making a faint screaming noise and in need of help.
my stomach was shot, and i went out for a little bit. as i was walking home, i felt the rumble, than a grumble, than a mumble in my head that i was gonna blow, so i knew this was bad. i run to the bathroom, throw back the door, but before i could stop it, there was shit on the floor. it just came out flying, and onto my legs. the floor was now ruined, and the smell just might stay.
we all get really drunk and my wife and her cousin go to sleep around midnight. leaving me and my cousin-in-law? she starts to rub her leg against mine, then hand on my thigh, then my hand on her thigh. next, we're kissing and groping like teenagers. the whole weekend following this was extremely awkward and torturous. they've gone home now.
i'm still up! posting this! what is i doing?! downboats? really reddit? ninja edit: come on reddit .
i was waiting for someone to arrive from the train station down a scuzzy dead-end side-street, so i wouldn't have to pay for the car park . knowing there was no toilet anywhere nearby and that i wouldn't get to one for some hours once i'd picked up my friend, the risk of wetting myself forced me to look around to check there were no security cameras . i felt pretty confident that between the kerb and my car door open, if i peed into the gutter that sloped to the convenient drain, no-one would see if they happened to walk past
i mistakenly don't read something that says \"pay 5 dollars for some uuid thing\" So i had to restore my phone to brand new which caused me to lose all my contacts and everything else that went along with it.
i went to unscrew the cap with my teeth, forgot that i had previously loosened it and ended up with green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans. i went to unscrew the cap with my teeth, forgot that i had previously loosened it and ended up with green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans. i went to unscrew the cap with my teeth, forgot that i had previously loosened it and ended up with green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my
A customer complained about the men's washroom being dirty. Since no male staff were working, it fell to the manager to go check it out. The first thing i notice is water everywhere. the second is the smell. after 3 hours in the er i get a tetanus shot and sent home.
i heard her yelling for me. an hour or so later i hear her yelling for me.  thinking that the poo was face paint she attempted to paint her face with poo. tifu.
one of my best friends from high school is the son of the ceo at a very prominent and well-known company. during the end of our senior year of high school, i was totally out-of-my-mind pulling a series of maneuvers that i am in no way proud to confess. i am particularly lucky to have walked away without any injuries after completing any one of these stunts.
i kept scratching my butt and legs, but i didn't think anything of it as my skin tends to get irritated when i ride my moped in humid weather .  once i reach my place, i lift up my moped's trunk and, to my horror, seemingly thousands of tiny spider/ant looking fuckers were crawling in the inside of my scooter . i realized the itchiness had not been caused by the humid weather; there were bugs all over my legs .
i had been struggling with my weight because of some new medication i had been prescribed for my depression .  unsatisfied with my size, and not being able to fit into my suit jacket properly, i turned to the internet for tips to lose a few inches for a day . i came upon an article that explained how models use duct tape to lose a few inches around their waist for photo shoots .
i had my phone connected to my bluetooth speaker, listening to music while doing some hw. so i forget my phone is still connected and go on with my business. my roommates gf brought some friends over to smoke and what not and its about time to get ready and clean up for class. which means jack off in the shower time. so i turn the water on so it doesnt sound suspicious and proceed to fap to some hardcore stuff. i get out of the shower, dry off, and walk out to everyone giving me a really weird look. as i try to figure out what was
my other friend in the group text sent me a private text saying that the guy's mom died years ago . i think he's just fucking with me so i ignore it . it had now been several hours since i made fun of a good friend's dead mom so i text him and apologize, then apologized again when i saw him .
so most soldering irons have a little led light that indicates when it is on. mine included, but i also bought mine at a yard sale. so the indicator light doesnt work, i have no way of knowing if it is actually on, and so i was about to do some soldering today and instead of checking if it was on by melting some solder, I touched it. i shouted every curse i know and then some, the end.
i work at a government facility, and bathrooms are for employees and visitors alike . i go sit in and i see this shadow on the wall coming from the guy on the next toilet. so i see the shadow and is a arm moving very fast, at first i though : this guy is f***ing up his butt cause that is so fast only to see that in the next 5 sec it was still moving and this time faster. the f***er next to me was chocking his chicken and after a while he started to give sound effects and wiggle his foot and sometimes even cross into my side...
i have a live in boyfriend, no one else was scheduled to come in that day, and the clients for the day were a group of 13 year olds for a birthday party.  suddenly the door opens, i spin around to see a very hungover couple. holding the empty box with tears in my eyes, i stated at them as the newly engaged couple gathered their things that hey had been too drunk to grab the night before, when he had proposed.
i woke up this morning to an abundance of rain. oh well, so i do my hair and hope for the best. my hair is an excess of frizz, fluff and curls. a flat iron and products are my best friends.  finish up the coffee and am ready to head out the door (still pouring buckets) when i realize my umbrella is in the car. not a problem, i can fix this. go back to the bathroom and get one of those little bathroom sized trash bags, and proceed to put it on top of my head. hmm... there\u2019s some hair still sticking out, so
day and night before i go to my friend\u2019s house and take a bunch of acid then crash there. the next day i drive over to pick them all up, notice from a distance there is an extra head. i\u2019m still wearing the same thing that i took acid in, a denim jacket with a bunch of hardcore/grind/crust patches on it hoody underneath, torn jeans and a pair of shitty vans.
i have had this amazing african grey for the last 8 years. he has a vocabulary of over 150 words, and is capable of forming random sentences and shit. here are a few fuckups following his ability to speak, and both my hobby of teaching him and my friend s hobby of teaching him the most foul things.
my roommate, who over the summer broke up with her boyfriend of almost 3 years, came back in tears talking about suicide. i got texts from my friends saying that they were worried about her and said she had told them things like *\"everyone would be better off without me\"* and *\"i'm going to jump off a building\"*. i contacted the resident assistant for our apartment complex and he brought an officer with him. they talked to her and were able to calm her down a bit. about an hour or so later i go in there to see how she's doing and they're
i frequently send the guy i'm seeing naked/other sexual pictures. i took a few last night and sent them, and forgot to delete them off my phone. i went to class this morning and a guy at my table asked to see my phone. thinking nothing of it, i say \"sure!\" and slide it over to him. not 10 seconds later does my heart stop: oh fuck, i didn't delete the pictures.
season 1, episode 1 starts up and all is well. it's the character walt's birthday and his wife starts jerking him off under the covers. we keep watching til the scene that walt is hospitalized and diagnosed with cancer. i had forgotten that her uncle has cancer and is going to die in the next few weeks. it hit really close to home and i feel awful about it.
in real life, my hand was resting by my side, i apparently raised it, adjusted it right over my balls, and bashed them four times with machine gun speed. i woke up instantly, full of regret, and as i heard my alarm go off one minute or so later, i had to ask my wife to get up first to start the day and give me 'a minute.' it's nearly been an hour and i can still barely walk.
i went to the local tesco's, took three bottles and went to the till to pay. till person looked me up and down and said \"you have id?\". i've been to bars and pubs and wasn't questioned with my alcoholic beverages. i don't have any id with me since i don't drive and do not need my passport all the time so i replied no.
Today is the day i shit my pants. especially after all the laughs you guys have given me about pooping in yours. i don't want to be smelly for the last two hours of work. i heard two co-workers discussing how bad the bathroom downstairs smelled, and that it must have been jeff that clogged it.
I won tickets to see the sick puppies. however, they sent me the email the day before the concert. so, when i checked my email i realized i that the concert had already passed.
during my economics class, i was copying over a powerpoint to friend a's flash drive. Friend b sees a copy of a video that my other friends made for their economic class last year. he calls over our teacher and i open up the video. no big deal. after it's finished, i closed out of the window, but didn't close the application. next thing i know, i see a porn window open behind it.
my boss came out of the office and just looked at us in a very disgusted way. i told her what happened. i've never seen her so mad before. the worst part of it all was seeing what's left of the now tiny little faucet just pouring out water and it doesn't stop.
i used to work at both locations, and i used to do full time computer repair for the store until they moved me to the main location . well, i love computer repair, and they completely removed me from being able to preform computer repair at work, so i posted an ad on craigslist to repair computers on my own time after work . my boss didn't like this, and terminated me on the spot because he says it competes with our store . i have worked with this company for about 2 years and 3 months with no write ups or really any disciplinary action, and the next day i
my friend shows me a key-chain miniature of the well-known south park character : kayle . my first reaction was to impersonate cartman and yell at the miniature kayle : \"you fucking jew kayle!\"
i haven't been into the automobile-driving business long- probably about 5 months into it . i actually didn't know that you're not supposed to leave your high-beams on, in the occasion someone passes you .
when i graduated i stayed as a math tutor. for my 18th birthday i swept mrs reds classroom and helped move stuff around. around the time i left as a tutor was also mrs reds birthday. i gave her mittens and birthday card. the next day she wrote me an email telling me how she loved the mittens, the card i gave her made her cry, and she wanted to buy me dinner. i returned the next day, she received me with a warm hug, when i told her that she didn't need to buy me dinner, she insisted that we must have dinner to catch
i got fired in may but had a pretty good amount in my 401k and retirement benefits remain. i had immediately applied for unemployment but figured i could coast until I was ready to start looking for jobs. i was \"approved\" for unemployment so i figured all was good. now i'm down to my last $1000 with rent coming up (i can still make rent but past that i don't know) and don't have a job yet as obviously it's hard to get a job.
my boyfriend josh and i went to russia for his aunt's wedding. until the wedding we are staying at his father's dacha, which is basically like a house i guess. i was searching through my suitcase for a nice shirt to wear and pulled out the tub of lube in the process. i flop onto the bed, facing away from the door and play games on my phone with my headphones in (holy crap there's internet in russia) and leave my lube-hiding t-shirt laying innocently on my bed.
i'm home visiting my family (mom and sis) and as i was about to shower, i noticed my sister left her black panties hanging on a towel hanger . i impulsively grabbed them and tried them on. they were nice, my butt looked sexy but my balls sticked from a side . when i took them out i smelled... dick. there was a wet spot on the panties. i tried cleaning it with toilet paper and a little water, then drying it out with more toilet paper. it was dry and clean before, i didn't want to leave a
i was part of a rave crew in the 1990s . my t-shirt simply said 'jungfrau' which translates to 'virgin' i was by a long way the last to lose my virginity and so was stuck with the nickname up until the ripe age of 19 . there was one rather hilarious incident growing up where paul contracted pubic lice . even at this point he's still a bit of a ladies man and undoubtedly had plans to get some on the holiday, so on his t-shirt we wanted to write 'warning, i have crabs'
i went to the grocery store to do my regular shopping. a package of deli meat falls on the floor. Another lady comes walking by, and a pack of deli meat falls on the floor. She picks it up, and goes about her business. So, some random person got my turkey breast. i also got cheese and ham, but that was for my husband, since i'm not really big on ham sandwiches.
lava sloshed onto my thumb and wrist. one er visit and two percocet later and i now realize how much i use both hands.
she told me this the following morning that i had called her \"my sweet dyke\" i was horrified because 1. i am very tolerant and open-minded and supportive of lgbt rights and the fact that my girlfriend is bisexual and 2. both of us were very upset with me. it was a crappy rest of the day as i knew she wasn't pleased.
she and i got into a bit of an in depth conversation regarding a sound system at another club and toward the end of the conversation i asked, \"what was your name?\" as soon as i finished the sentence i knew i'd opened up a giant can of cringe, as i instantly recognised who she was when she told me her name. after some awkward \"uh... sorry i didn't recognise you\" and \"it's been a long day\", i wandered off and she didn't speak to me for the rest of the night.
my husband had the hiccups, so i told him to take a deep breath and i intended to scare him out of it. While he held the breath, i slapped at him. didn't work. so i pretended to slap at his junk. only, i'm fairly drunk, so... my \"pretend\" slap turned into a real one.
woke up later, not even hung over, but i knew what had happened because i didn't have to pee. currently drying out my wallet, and hoping my phone will work again after sitting in some rice for a few days.
i was doing pretty well on my \"try and not eat so much crap\" diet. and i still have Christmas candy. i was doing pretty well on my \"try and not eat so much crap\" diet. and i still have Christmas candy.
i work for an it outsourcing company for a mfg client on their it service desk. My boss is out of town for Valentines day and we have another team lead watching our project for the time being. he comes to me to say that the is department has come across some activity on my admin account about the file i downloaded yesterday saying its something along the lines of a password cracker. i told him that the file is gone and nothing happened. so i had to explain to hr what happened. so i had to explain to hr what happened. this has ruined my weekend thinking about it, i fear this will
i thought, \"no, that could never happen to *me*.\" now i'm sitting in front of my desk at work. i'm afraid to stand up. and pretty soon someone is going to smell it.
i was using the same glass to drink from all day in the kitchen as you do so that you make less dishes . my wife used some liquid hand soap to wash her hands after something then put the bottle back down with the nozzle pointing over the glass . i go to get a drink and notice something odd in the bottom of my glass, didn't think much on it but rinsed the glass out anyway before having a drink of water .
i'm an idiot. i didn't get caught and probably won't. but i feel wrong and dirty, and wrong and all sorts of bad urgh
i live right by an elemantary school and the children walk by my back wall every day on their way to school. i woke up to the sound of my dog barking (biggest pain in the ass)
i'm fighting member #2. i kick him in the chest so he stumbles away, roll forward, pop to my feet and throw a punch. what i didn't know was that he had already recovered from the kick. He blocks my punch with his forearm by swatting it against my punch, directly at my poorly positioned thumb. i go down immediately, tap the ground with my good hand to show that i forfeit the match, and the members crowd around me. everyone knows what happened. while the leader applies healing pressure points to my thumb, i am trying to get over the pain.
i usually open a lot of tabs of porn videos, and do other things while they buffer so i don't have to wait while i'm at it . the next day (today), i wake up to my mom's thunderous roar. she was pissed off and yelling about how embarrassed she was and shit, so i demanded an explanation . i thought it was hilarious and she was pretty mad, but i could feel in her voice that she thought it was pretty funny, as well .
My mother left her perfume in the medicine cabinet in her hurry to get out on time this morning . So my mouth now tastes of perfume and it won't go awayy .
\"i could dump in white castles!\" my ass loudly proclaimed \"but booty, those bathrooms aren't clean! are you insane?\" i dropped a fiery deuce, in the middle of white castles. have you ever done that shit? i fuckin disowned that shit though. maaaan, it wasn't even me.
i decided to use a fake name that my friends and i had been throwing around and creating a back story for the past couple days, \"salsberry jones\" i did not realize that it had linked my real gmail to the as well. it turns out gmail had remembered my 'name' and went around changing all my past emails to the call sign \"salsberry jones\"
she told me that she needed space and i thought i was giving her some. apparently i didn't and she exploded. she didn't talk to me after that, and all i said was sorry for now, not wanting to escalate the problem. i'm not sure what to do from now on. tifu by trying to talk, and not listening well enough.
My girlfriend is 23, good looking, smart girl who loves sex . My exwife is an unnattracive 27y/o with an evil attitude and a vicious relationship history . My ex and my gf have gotten along since they met, even if they weren't friends. but, knowing my ex, she has always been very jealous of my gfs looks .
i think it's the codeine the doctor gave me and proceed with brushing. i look down at the tube i had just set down and, lo and behold, icy hot. lpt: don't brush with icy hot.
one of my friends says she thinks she knows something that Japanese say in sex, \"ki..kimo..chi?\" to which i blurted out, \"yeah! kimochi! 'it feels good'\" \"well, we know what kireisan watches!\" another girl said. i was especially mortified that it happened in front of the guy.
my car crashed into a womans brick mailbox, totally ruining it .  if it had kept going it would have crashed into the living room of a house which had a family sitting in it at the time . the police and the owner of the house turned out to be pretty cool with it.
i find this behaviour quite petty of us as fellow passengers . It dawns on me that i never knew how to tell the difference between celebration flowers and condolence flowers .
i'm a teacher (work with adults, if that's relevant) and i use an excel spreadsheet to calculate final grades. every homework assignment, absence, et cetera goes into the spreadsheet and at the end of the session i just enter the final percentages as letter grades.
i love skiing, and on the day of my fuck up, i was somewhat hungry after a day at the terrain park. after getting changed, i'm feeling slightly peckish, and i make my way to a cafe that was near the resort where i was skiing. i don't have much money, but i have just enough for either a small tea, or, you guessed it, a cookie. i don't feel like a cup of earl gray, so i say fuck it, i'll take the cookie. as i began eating it, i noticed it had
i misread the syllabus at the beginning of the semester and thought it was a flat 5% of the total grade .  attendance overrides high scores in the much more significant tests, quizzes, and papers . It will force me to stay in school for one semester to take a worthless class, delay my start date with my employer and potentially ruin my employment plans .
drunk me decided to pull down my pants while i was throwing up, and then i pomited (poo & vomit, for those playing at home) the best part, i sat back down where i shat, and passed out. i woke up to a shit-smeared bathroom floor and somehow had put my face in it too.
if you drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time. If you drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time. If you drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time.
trusted a fart... right after school... on my way home and, you know, you know the rest. Luckily i was halfway to my car.
i needed to go piss, but we only had a few more clients to update, and we would be done. i walk in the bathroom and i see this round metal dish with a drain. it reminds me of the troughs you would see in a baseball/football stadium.  halfway through i hear a flush from deeper in the bathroom. i figure it's just from one of the crappers, so i continue on pissing into this odd circular urinal. i hear the sounds of heavy work boots as the deuce-dropper heads towards the door, he walks straight towards me with his sleeves rolled
luckily i hadn't started actually going to the bathroom, so i was able to pull it out, and throw it in some rice. hopefully it's not dead. i don't have insurance on it either, because i thought i wouldn't need it. damnit.
my girlfriend was arriving at 3:30am from Germany. the night before i was skyping with her and i was very drunk. the next day i had completely forgot the conversation. my roommate takes out a back of shrooms. he hadn't tried them out yet and wanted a test subject and said he would give a dose for free. i make a peanut butter sandwich with the shrooms and the whole time i'm eating i'm thinking about how happy i am it's about to be the weekend and that i have nothing to do.
i don't drink much; it's not really my thing. but when i do, *too* much, and i always eat a load of mcdonalds . this weekend past, i was going to a friends house party . by the time we had left for our other friends, i had already had roughly half a bottle of bourbon and several weak pre-mixes a friend had brought . i end up (at roughly 2am) staggering to the toilet, but before i can make it, retching up almost all of my partially digested chips into the sink to the toilet
if you've shit yourself, please tell us your story on /r/ishitmyself. it should help clear some of the near-identical stories that are in violation of rule 2: \"no unoriginal or ordinary posts\"
i had about 15 minutes before i had to walk out the door to get to work. suddenly i felt the rumblies going on downstairs. once i was done and all cleaned up, i stood up, flushed, and began to wash my hands. Now, miracle of miracles, as soon as i get the bar of soap in my hand, it goes flying out and lands in the swirling receding disgusting slush of my toilet, just in time for it all to get flushed down the drain.
my friend apparently got pulled over by a sheriff and almost deported because he found some weed residue in my one-hitter . well my friend got a ticket and has to pay 400$. she wants me to pay for at least half also, this is the same friend whose bong i accidentally broke whilst drunk .
i made pizza pockets 30 minutes later. i put them down on my chair to grab my xbox headset and controller and sat down on the pizza pockets. i heard a splootch sound and my ass got hot all of a sudden.
i practiced apathy this quarter and didn't take my life seriously. now my average isn't where i need it to be and i'm a junior. my mom is now crying, and even though i have a hard time with her, i cant stand to see her like this.
when i ask her about hiding it, she looks at me like i'm stupid and asks me what i think everyone thinks i do for long periods of time in the bathroom . i begin to tell her i'm not pulling my pork, i'm reddit. she then tells me she doesn't want the details and my sexual activities need to be limited .
i was chatting with an elderly lady while we were waiting for the dentist to come in and start the procedure. we were talking about knitting, crocheting, cross stitching, and sewing. she seemed to enjoy talking to a young (25) person about things like that, and we were discussing what we liked best and what we had the least experience in. i told her that i really enjoyed cross stitching, but hasn't done it very much. except i called it crotch stitching. she audibly gasped and didn't look at or speak to me again, even after i laughed it off.
he found out and got extremely mad. now my life is literally ending, and i'm sitting here crying. i don't know what to do, he is basically making me choose between him and her.
i tried to dye my pubes bleach blond with my girlfriends bleach for a photo shoot. i didn't do it right. now my pubes are fire red.
it is my first time eating sushi with wasabi, i didn't even know what wasabi was all i knew . So i dipped it in and the whole glob got stuck to the sushi, and i had no idea that wasabi was capable of making me cry .
i took a dump and made a snowball to wipe my ass. i thought itd be funny to throw the snowball at my friends who were still here with me. i was out of eyesight of the others so i just threw the snowball over the bush and hit her where the neck and chest meet, thus getting the poopy snowball all over her neck and chest.
buy coffee, get to the office hung over, buy coffee, perfect. proceed to spill said coffee on my phone, desk and lap. great way to start my saturday, no phone and no money to get a new one.
got cocky, my first mistake, i asked if anybody else wanted to box. another friend there agreed. when i went for a bad cross i left myself open and he swung on me. when he swung i tried to duck backwards so instead of getting hit in the side of the head i got hit in the side of my nose. now my nose is crooked and i spent a hour at the hospital to have almost nothing done expect some antibiotics and being told i needed to see a nose doctor because it is very clearly broken.
i was in the zone and wasn't thinking. i didn't even notice until i walked by her a few minutes later and saw her friend reading the menu to her. i felt so guilty and ashamed, i couldn't even go up to her and apologize because i didn't want to make it any worse.
I've been sick with the flu for the past two days . No one would have known if i wasn't a redditor who now automatically assumes shitting yourself is completely normal . Even though my wife's not a redditor, she still has the sense of humor as one .
i just want to die at the moment, i don't know what to do, i'm up for buying a new car, fixing the brickwork on a house wall and i've yet to tell my boss who's out of town for the weekend. it's 50-50 as to whether charges will be laid, the grandfather has yet to be notified as he has gone away.  thankfully my family has been fantastic in helping me get through this at the moment, words can not describe how lucky i am to have them.
The only way i could have borked this more was by mentioning [the sub](http://mlpg.co/)... that's only the thread where they know all my deepest darkest secrets in the second worst board besides /b/ **and i just sent him there into the depths of the internet hate machine and the pit of /mlp/** ...fml.
the reply to my tweet said that i won a copy of the boxed edition breaking bad dvd set. i went to the site, redeemed my code, and gave the scammer my address, email, and phone number.
i was at a 3 month training course with people who worked for the same company from all over the world. one night, we go out drinking. i woke up the next morning, and i remembered dancing with one of the norwegian girls that was in our group. on Monday, one of my coworkers pulled me aside and showed me the video from that night. my dancing was awful, and i mean awful. after about a minute, she starts actively trying to get away from me, and my drunk, creepy self just follows her around the dance floor.
i have worked the same dead-end job for a year and a half, and recently hired on as a work-from-home tech . i turned in my resignation, left the old company on good terms, blah blah. set up everything for the new job, and i was excited beyond words. i woke up at 10:00. they have a strict zero-tolerance policy for tardiness, so i lost my job before i started. good news: my manager gave me my old job back.
i'm really drunk - some school was having their 30 year reunion there that night and this table full of women kept pouring shots of crown down my throat. i get called up for my song, and i don't hear the opening drum hits and miss the start :( completely threw me off, but i recovered after a measure. i fall as suddenly there's no stage, land flat on the table and send her drink flying, spill it all over the place.
*look at this phone.* *it costs $350.* (this is when i buy the phone.) *look again.* *it is now $250.* [\"products may be returned for up to **14 days** after purchase.\"](http://youtu.be/dd7fixvokbw?t=2m16s)
in high school, i played rugby (check my post history for a little surprise there) like most school teams do, we had a rookie party after the season was over. the next morning, my body turned on me . i sat on the toilet and tried to avoid passing out from the smell emanating from the bowl below me . it was awful. it felt like i was puking out of my asshole. i wept. i prayed. it made me the man i am today.
i decided to take a nap today without setting an alarm for the date. i woke up thirty minutes after we were supposed to meet, freaked the hell out when i saw my phone, the time, and the missed texts from him.
More than half of them will not go back on. And now more than half of them will not go back on. And now more than half of them will not go back on. And now more than half of them will not go back on.
i've had some pretty bad sinus issues for going on a month now .  between my inability to breath and severe sinus migraines, it's been hell . i've been on some supposedly high-quality anti-biotics as well as pain medication from the gods themselves . unfortunately, i'm still the same as i was when it started, but now i'm at my grandma's for a week .
i am a student in a very religious school, i am not religious myself but i'll skip straight to the point. it was our last period and our teacher allowed us to play a game, it just had to be charades... so it came to my turn but i refused and they just kept taunting me and telling me i should be a man and do it, it went to the point that i just stood up, picked up my friend and threw him face first into the wall. i then proceeded to rant how i don't want to play and just started yelling and telling them to shut up but they
i work on my feet, so i sit on the table. when we're done talking, he starts putting his paperwork back in his dayplanner, and i slide off the table. i reach back to dig out the resulting wedgie, and just as i get 3 fingers in my ass crack, i notice he's standing there holding out his hand for me to shake.  coolest boss ever.
i bought in for 1000 dollars on carbonpoker.com to play some poker . over the last 2 days i made it up to 1200 . i tried a few playing with the fake money, click around and try a new one. all of a sudden, when i run out a window pops up that says something like \"insufficient money, visit the cashier\"
A few months ago i received an old japanese arisaka rifle from my grandfather after he passed . i went into my dad's room, opened the gun cabinet, and started going through the guns one by one, shouldering them for a few seconds, and then putting them back . after a few seconds of shock at what just happened, i saw pictures and papers flying around the trajectory of the shot . i had blown a hole clean through my dad's pillow and a box of lightbulbs, knicked his alarm clock, and blew a dent into the wood siding on his wall .
i wasn't feeling well this morning and decided not to eat anything before going to a job interview at 2 pm. as i was sitting in the lobby, which was pretty warm mind you, i started getting very dizzy and felt like I was going to vomit. Instead of waiting to throw up in the lobby, i wandered down the hall and found a kitchen but i couldn't find a garbage can. as i wandered in delirium i found my way into a copy room where i promptly fainted and face planted on a copy machine. i don't know how long i was out for but i woke
i went to a crawfish boil/bbq this weekend and ended up falling down into a pile of wood to be burned . fast forward to Monday when i began to notice that some of the scrapes are becoming itchy and inflamed. i also begin to notice what i believe to be red bug/chigger bites on my genitals. i honestly think that if i had literally torched my genitals they would have burned less. i am now on the couch naked with a cold rag on my fire engine red testicles, nauseous from the pain, hoping beyond hope that this will subside soon.
i was working on a project, and i had just gotten access to the git repository (so no files were yet committed) i did a git add *before* adding a .gitignore for the project. by doing so, i had checked in the wrong files. but i thought, no big deal, ill just add a git ignore, unstage the changes, and re-stage them, right? so i added the gitignore, and here's where i made the mistake. instead of using \"git reset *\", i used \"git rm -r *\".
i have been bullied a half year now for this episode and every time i eat when i m high after this i get flashbacks . i'm guessing the moral in this story is don't do drugs and don't get greedy. so i m guessing the moral in this story is don't do drugs and don't get greedy.
yesterday morning i poured her a bottle of milk from a clear container in the fridge. it clearly had milk in it and even had her name on the side of it from using it to take her milk to daycare. i look over to her and she is pouring creamer from one of those large coffee mate french vanilla bottles into aforementioned clear container. i said, \"that's not the baby's milk?!?\" \"no, it's my creamer\"
at school i decided to get the crab sushi because everything else was shit. fastward to the morning i wake up. my boxers are wet. now i've been on the toilet for already an hour. lesson learned.
my old car had lock problems so i lock even my new(er) car out of habit as i get out. well i drove up to the kfc and i see an adorable little cat hanging out under a giant truck. i felt like taking pictures.... as i got out of my car i locked it behind me. the cat ran away, and i went in to eat. my pockets were light so i did the triple tap. it was no good... $50 dollars and 20 minutes late to get back to work and i the shop guys are offering me hammers :(
yesterday i forgot it at school and it wan't there today. so over a semester's worth of work has been flushed down the drain .
i was sitting at work reading over reddit and came across a few funny posts and then the post about a guy throwing a poodle at his cum covered gf and i laughed so hard for so long and it was a bad idea to wait to go to the restroom. so i was laughing much i threw up and pissed myself .... i almost shit myself... i still hurt from laughing....
i erased 2 1/2 hours of everybody's cleaning in 3 seconds. but omfg, on a positive note, it was pretty badass to watch . i'm holding, eh, about 5 of them and the one on top slips off (i desperately try to hack it with my foot to break it's fall, but i'm awesome and ended up kicking it back into the air) alas, it hits the floor and literally explodes all over one wall of the lobby and i and shoots rocket like across the entire dining room soaking everything in coke before it hits the window on the opposite side of the room drowning
one girl during it was absolutely hilarious and had me in tears from laughing. the next duo goes up to start their monologue and i'm still reeling from laughter, so i assumed they were trying to be funny too. my laughter soon faded once i realized the situation. basically, i felt like the biggest asshole of all time.
i'm currently sitting on the shoulder of a very busy major highway, because i was trying to get the most out of a tank of gas. i'm a caa member, so this is all going to get sorted out at no expense, but boy do i feel like a horses patoot.
my friend (girl) lives in student housing and one of the rules is no guys sleeping over and they have to be out by 11 pm. well since i used to live in the same complex the managers knew what my car looked like. so i left a little past curfew on a few occasions and slept over one night. She is now getting evicted.
i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup. and i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup. and i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup. and i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup. and i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup. and i'm not rich by any means, so that was a pretty big fuckup.
after about half an hour of getting it out of her she found out she meant the headgear comment . well it didn't take me long to freak out and say i didn't give two shits about her headscarf and that she was overreacting and guess what. this was after about an hour of explaining that it wasn't directed at her but it made no difference. she currently hates me and i'm not quite sure how to feel.
i was out with a few friends and my girlfriend celebrating green beer day .  unknowingly this cheap green beer and fish sandwich cocktail was brewing in my stomach to create the worst gas on earth . after these waves of gas hit me, i start to sweat and suggest to my gang of fellow celebrators that we go back to my girlfriends house . but i have such an intolerable pressure building inside me, i have to pass gas just one more time . i excused myself to another room that was empty and proceeded to let it rip, fully trusting my sphincters capability to hold back this blitzkrieg
i turned to meet the gaze of a really hot redhead right as my fingers were right up my pants, relieving myself of discomfort. Her expression went from interested to disgusted when she realized what i was doing.
so a couple weeks ago i pre order kavinsky's - outrun album on cd and have been eagerly awaiting for it to arrive, and a few days ago i bought a new stereo for my car with the main attraction being bluetooth calling/hands-free. so my cd arrives today and i am eagerly awaiting to hear all these new tunes when i go to put the cd in and i realize that my stereo doesn't have cd :(.
we decided to start dating a few months ago, and we just went through a bad breakup. now i no longer have a girlfriend and i don't have a best friend anymore.
\"gatsby\" likes to party and have fun but goes for the wrong woman . i named it gatsby for the purpose of this story because it likes to party and have fun but goes for the wrong woman . i'll take this moment to explain my genitalia .
i dropped some papers at work and started to bend to pick them up. at the same moment, a student comes barreling down the hall at top speed and his shoulder collides with my face. my vision swims for a moment and when i come up i realize i'm laying flat on my back and there's a web of white in front of my left eye. i sit up and what seems to be the entire student body is staring at me. my nose is bleeding. i pick up my papers and go to the nearest washroom to survey the damage. glasses broken (ray ban's),
i am so fucking pumped at this point i thought i was dreaming. my response was \"i actually don't know it\" i feel like such a fucking idiot i want to kill myself.
My boss sets a trap up every night with cat food and we trap a cat every few days and call the animal shelter to come pick it up. well today i was going to be driving to near the animal shelter on my route around town checking stuff out, so i just said i'd take the cat with me. it was actually a pretty cute little siamese kitten, probably around 10 weeks old. After about 2 minutes of driving the kitten got up and found that the truck had a tiny opening allowing the cat to crawl into the dash. After 5 minutes the kitten had come out of the dash
i saw a roosterteeth video on how they do \"the air jerk off\" to each other. right as i was going through the motion to demonstrate, a mother with three kids walks right in front of me.
i saw one goldfish lying upside down at the surface. assuming he was dead i reached over and of course my brand new phone falls into the quite blurry water . my phone is almost peeing water at this moment and i suddenly remember a lifehack that i read this site once (the put your phone in rice-lifehack) i gathered some of the rice together and put it in a bowl with my phone. then i grabbed the vacuum and started vacuuming the rice things, right in front of our stove which had a kettle of boiling soup on it. somehow i managed to knock the kettle over and causing it to spill
when the time came to leave i got my stuff and put on my backpack. it was... wet? my dog likes to pee in that hallway when nobody is awake to take her out at three in the mornging. throughout the day people have been asking \"whats that smell?\" but no one has found out it was my backpack.
i have known this coworker for a whole. we uses to work at a call center together and we got along great. so we find out we're working together again we picked up where we left off. so today i finishing up loading her truck and i walk into the office as she's walking out and i playfully grab her hat and started to walk away. i was about to turn around to give her hat back and she had grabbed me by the good and held my head down like a hockey player would. i give her back her hat and requested to one of my bosses to have me leave(which
i normally use a demo account to test my software, and during this testing, i purchase / sell hundreds of stocks a minute . the software is 99.99% finished, the client has already paid me. in the middle of this, i was having an issue, so i decided to try it with the 2nd trading program which was installed on my testing computer . not knowing / remembering that this 2nd program was set up with my client's live account rather than a demo, because a couple weeks ago the client had logged onto this computer to do something, and then had left his main account logged in 
i was feeling overconfident and made the crust without measuring things and apparently put too much butter in. i compounded the issue by not baking the cheesecake in a water bath because i thought i had the method down and my temperatures correct.
i'm watching the first 8 minutes of this video and think its pretty interesting info on the current culture of japan . so i think it would be good to share with the class. so i send it to my professor. yeah, then i watch the last 5 minutes. holy fuck. you can not un-send and email. i hope she doesn't watch the end.
This girl and i have become friends this past semester, as we are in the same class and sit together every day. i don't know everything about her, but still, i feel like an asshole for what happened earlier. so we agreed to meet in the library to get some work done together, and she was already there when i was coming in. i found where she was (i'm approaching from behind) and thought it would a great freaking idea if I went up and gently patted her on the shoulder to let her know I was there. she let out a huge shriek, alerting
google search tells me that it's not impossible to remove nail polish . Non-acetone polish remover and a white cloth, but i only have the high-test acetone remover . windex, which doesn't seem to work .
in the video a narrator says \"during a womans period mucus and blood is expelled from the vagina\" i couldn't stop laughing for like 10 minutes!
now i can't upload anything to this account, which i run some business through . i could make another account, but i don't want someone complaining that it's all reposts .
My hometown was attempting to make the worlds largest single bowl of mussels . They would give out the result for free, otherwise, there wouldn't be enough people to eat it all . i asked for two portions and said that the other one was for a friend . Later that evening, it turned out that poseidon was not happy with people who took double servings .
i took a bus from prague to budapest, though i was told it might terminate in bratislava due to bad weather. it terminated in bratislava, even though there conditions seemed fine, and i was surrounded by slovak and russian speakers aka nobody i understand. i found a bus daring enough to venture into the land of magyars thanks to an irish? dude running and yelling bus to budapest, and we soon hit a non-moving traffic jam. for about 9 hours, we move an astounding 2km while giant industrial trucks drive past us the opposite way (
[on this thread i posted a link to /r/mylittlenosleep when it is not there on the first post of the thread (my post)](http://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/comments/1agihf/i_think_im_screwed_out_of_100k_what_can_i_do_au/c8xbx50 i thought /u/binary replied [here instead: ](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1ag7bj/tifu_by_trying_
Circle jerks are young men who jerk in a circle over another young man . They are often seen in gay porn . My son, who was about 14 at time time, wandered in to my room to chat to me about something . He didn't believe me when i said that someone had mentioned circle jerks and i was just seeing what it meant...
i didn't realize this brand new f-250 had a sun roof and let it go through open, wetting everything. now im mr. sun roof. so to start off i work at a car wash where i sometimes prep the cars down with a pressure washer before they go into the tunnel to be cleaned on the track, well i didn't realize this brand new f-250 had a sun roof and let it go through open, wetting everything. now im mr. sun roof.
while sleeping i have a dream of playing gta iv for some reason, and it's wierd cause i've never played that game in forever. The next thing i know i'm awake with my throat burning, and i'm not breathing. jump out of bed still not breathing and gasping for air to no avail. When i get to the kitchen fully naked i see my whole family enjoying sunday dinner, and not just my family today.
i was on the verge of pissing my pants when i spot a large flatbed tow truck parked on a street that was perfect for a clandestine public urination. Suddenly i hear a voice...*from inside the truck!* the driver was sitting back reclined on the phone. he sat up when he saw someone right next to his passenger door. i used my pelvic floor muscles and turned away mid piss. i also could not re button them either. result? dick flashing a few cars and a pedestrian.
i was an avid runner. all throughout smoking half a pack of reds daily, drinking far too much cheap bourbon nightly and eating poorly because it all seemed to balance out. well sometime last summer i injured my knee. the doctor's response was to have me not put unnecessary strain on it. i stopped running, but continued smoking, drinking and eating poorly. today, a good six months later i decided to go out for a run. i dug out my warm woolen socks, homemade ipod armband, and the shiny new runners i had bought as a treat just before my injury. my viscera felt animated
i was coming back to my apartment when my roommate's boyfriend was going to be there with her . Since i was just coming back from a date i was wearing a high-waisted skirt, and those don't really allow you to spread your legs, as mine was really tight . i guess she didn't know I came in, as our bathroom is right next to the front door .
she is dating one of my friends and not me. we are also extremely close friends. She has been extremely cool about it, and even told me it doesn't matter.
my mother, after showing her r/aww, decided she was going to make a reddit account. so she makes her account and within 20 minutes of being active she finds r/spacedicks.
when i got up this morning, my friend was missing, her boyfriend was passed out in his clothes, my cellphone, keys, coat, ipod, and wallet are gone .  neither of us can remember what happened after we left their apartment nor where his girlfriend could be . we get in touch with his girlfriend who went with one of our teammates to a friend of hers at 3 in the morning when she realized she wasn't going to make it into her own apartment . the door was kicked in by her and for some reason she thought she might be able to get into her apartment by going on
My roommate and i were playing a drinking game. needless to say, it's impossible to finish an episode without nearly dying of alcohol poisoning. ten shots of vodka later, my roommate and i find ourselves stumbling about for a couple hours, talking to friends and what not. as i stumble back to the room an incredible desire to shit begins to take hold of me.  hanging off his bed post was his open backpack, and it is there that i proceeded to unload a torrent of vicious, alcohol induced sludge that nearly filled the poor bag to the brim.
 .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
My mom cut up peppers to make summer salad. (bell pepers, cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, and some godly greek dressing stuff) i was hollowing out a green bell peper of all the white-ish stuff on the inside, including the seeds. right after i finished, it was all pretty, ready to start getting diced up. here comes the stupidity being the dumb fuck 10 year old i was, i decide i'm gonna put water in the hollowed out pepper and act like it's a coconut or some shit *and drink out of it*. so according to myself, this plan
http://i.imgur.com/vpuywnr.jpg nope!  http://i.imgur.com/jazn4wx.
i was staying a friend's house for a night with a group of friends. being a group of teenagers, us boys were making sexist jokes all night. come morning, i'm woken up in the living room by a female voice. thinking that it's a friend of mine, i carry on with the shitty humour from the previous night, and yell \"get in the god damn corner woman!\" to my surprise, i heard no answer. instead, one of my friends came over and told me i'd just been yelling at sam's mum, who i'd never spoken with before
There were a lot of applicants and we had to narrow it down to only 7 . Most of them were chosen on their reddit experience, karma and application . In case you did not get selected, who knows second time might be the charm!
after the bar closed, a few of us had beers in the back of my jeep (no drinking and driving) called a cab finally, because my son was at my mothers, and the girl said \"split a cab with me, we're going to the same place!\" and i said \"cool\" she came in , basically stripped down naked, and yeah. i woke up in the middle of the night afterwards... oddly enough because i had to piss. she was gone in the morning.
i was down to my last $100 until i get paid on. and i was down to my last $100 until i get paid on. i was walking around the supermarket getting my groceries and at some point i dropped two $50 notes which must have slipped out of my pocket. i couldn't pay for my groceries and i have no idea how i'm going to eat for the next 5 days.
i am a 23 year old female with excellent credit, have had my credit card since i was 19 and have always been wary of internet scams.  today, however, was different. it was late and i was passing my time internet shopping instead of studying. i came across a particular pin that boasted burberry scarves at amazing prices. now, i have been wanting a burberry scarf (or anything burberry) for a very long time and so jumped headlong into the checkout process for my very own, suspiciously discounted scarf.
i was in the washroom with my friend, karola and she was in the stall. i turned off the lights and couldn\u2019t see, didn\u2019t know another person was in the stalls, and i heard a toilet flush and someone washing their hands. thinking it was karola, i turned off the lights and walked in crab position on the ground, then slowly stomped to the girl.
i was working a local event which is a huge edm concert as a bartender directly in front of main stage. the biggest rule was, no blue wristband, no walky away from bar with drinky. night powers through and i fail to check one person for a wristband because they were so miniature (but obviously over 21) that i handed out a drink without seeing a blue wristband.
we want more kids soon but aren't ready just yet and my wife can't take birth control so we have to use condoms around her ovulation time. Last night i come home to find my wife waiting for me in bed with no clothes, a come hither look and a condom sitting on my pillow. i immediately get hard as a rock, tear off my clothes roll the condom onto my dick climb into bed and give the little lady a hurtin. well after said copulation we are both worn out i pull off the condom and throw it in a trash can that my wife keeps
i stopped at a gas station, pre paid inside and began pumping gas. my windshield wiper fluid box has a leak so my windshield is constantly dirty. while my gas was pumping i used the scrub thing to clean my windshield. it ripped the hose out. after 20 minutes of the gas station attendent calling me an idiot, taking my information, and telling me they just had that pump fixed the day before, i was on my way. on my way home from work today i was running low on gas. you guessed it; i did the same exact fucking thing. in a matter of 6 days, i managed
My cock is getting pretty engorged at this point and my gf can't fit it in her mouth anymore .  things are going well and i am super turned on with her reaction to my throbbing, thick cock. i am still prety turned on and since the ring is doing it's job so well, it's a little difficult to slide off .
i was doing work on my car in a heated garage under my work at 3am. Suddenly had the urge to shit and the door to my work was locked there was no way i was going to make it to another public bathroom. i grabbed a micro fiber cloth out of my car (clean one not dirty) and ran to the nearest garbage can, barely making it to it and shit right inside of it wiping with the cloth. Once i got back to my car i realized i had gotten a little bit on the back on my pants as well, thankfully no one saw me doing this.
\"Battletoads!\" was written on a receipt for a pawn shop that hates battletoads . \"Battletoads!\" was written on a receipt for a pawn shop that hates battletoads . \"Battletoads!\" was written on a receipt for a pawn shop that hates battletoads . \"Battletoads!\" was written on a receipt for a pawn shop that hates battletoads .
does anyone else see the tifu about the kid who emailed a bomb threat to his university in order to confess out of finals? i think it has been deleted now as i could not find it.
My recently purchased $600 phone, with no insurance dies with it . My recently purchased $600 phone, with no insurance dies with it . My phone slips from the firm grip that once was, catches a bit of jizz, and falls into a pool of toilet water . The screen goes blank, the gorgeous milf that was taking 10 inches just to pleasure me disappears into darkness .
i taught a woman how to use cleveromegle and we had an awesome conversation, but before i could get her name i exited the page . ok its not really that bad of a tifu but she was cool and i wanted to keep talking to her .
i came back trying to internally transfer to the business school and needed to get a 3.0 gpa in order to do so. i just got my grades back today and found out that i got 3 b's and a b- to give me a 2.97 gpa. i didn't get in and will have to withdraw out of the university because i cannot afford to start fresh in another major.
at my school, my regular group of friends consists of about 10-15 people .  one of my friends - we'll call him \"k\" - brought a box of condoms to school to hand out to freshman . i wanted to give my last one to p just to fuck with him. it's somewhat of a tradition to fuck with p because although he's awkward, he's an asshole. i forget about the condom in my front right jeans pocket. i get home that day, take off my clothes, and put on some gym shorts and a t-
i have braces and sometimes food gets stuck in them. so when i took a drink of my coffee, i thought the thing i was feeling in my mouth was leftover food. i vomit immediately all over myself and still feel nauseous thinking about it.
when i hang up my coat as i come in, i pass by the general manager's office . our gm is a very friendly man, but very strict on rules and social policies, but he's loved by one and all . he's leaving the board room, and must pass me to enter his office, says he says hello in passing, and my response? whatsuuuuup niggga!
i am a distance runner but we have to play football to get a grade. just playing, i slip right on my behind about five feet and hurt my left wrist. no big deal, just walked it off. the x- ray at this point has confirmed my collarbone is broken, so they get this medieval torture device that will hold my shoulder in place. nearly pass out. i also got a wrist brace and a sling for my right arm when i am up and about. it seems to be healing but going to the restroom, showering, washing my hands, eating, taking a dump (is extremely agonizing),
i'm currently a senior in college and have only had one serious girlfiend in that time . i'm shy, i'm kind of an asshole, i can never take a hint, i always assume the girl likes someone else . last weekend, i invited her over to my place to watch some movies and drink some wine together. she says it sounds like a good idea and comes over . we proceed to talk about how our romantic lives are shitty and how we just haven't been able to find the perfect person yet even though we've been trying .
i came across a baby turtle that had somehow flipped over in the middle of the fairway . i drop him 2-3 feet off of a small bridge into the water, small tears coming from my eyes, and wish the little guy the best of luck in his new life . after a couple of minutes, his shell turns upside down, and sinks to the bottom .
i bought a pocket hose, because i *am* a lady who does not enjoy lugging 50 pounds of garden hose around the fucking yard .  anyway, i figured this would take all of 5 minutes and since the patch is close to the back door of my house, i didn't bother putting a bra on beneath my white t-shirt . i turned on the water, raised the hose, hit the lever... and the connector for the sprayer nozzle immediately rocketed off into space .
mom's friend asks her to come along and model for a double-decker bus photoshoot .  standing on the seats, straddling the aisle, is a good idea for the next couple of photos . She's got a pretty shiny bruise on her chin, but it's purely cosmetic, and she's got a great sense of humor about it .
yesterday i felt mere itch, but today i had bad time opening my eye and turns out its all red and some fluid coming out . went to the doctor told not to read or watch so it seems i am on radio the whole day it seems .
my girlfriend and i went to a party tonight, but took separate cars since i was heading there from home and she went there straight from work. on the way home, we were at a stop light next to each other and decided to have a drag race, totally not noticing that there was a cop a couple cars behind us.
he asked me to be his boyfriend. eventually, i turned him down. after all of this, he asked me an unrelated question. i intended on finding out the answer, and so i intended to respond with the phrase \"one sec.\" so, apparently, android doesn't recognize \"sec\" as an adequate phrase. but in its mind, a proper replacement would be the word \"sex.\"
neighbors are out of town, kid said i could have a party at his house when their gone. ends up we went all out blacklighted everything and a hole ended up in the wall. i tiny glass bowl got stolen and the garage smells like cigs.
i was thirsty and took a water bottle from an unguarded carton . my coach told me i can't do that and i am gonna have to run for it . i tell him the story of me taking the water bottles and he wants to know how i think he found out .
i got my girlfriend home, then started the half hour drive home. a stream of liquid lava started seeping into the toilet as i bit my lip to keep from making any noise. a long, excruciating 15 minutes later, it's finally slowed down, so i decide to drive home. as i pulled into the drive way, i felt it about to start again. i rushed into the house, once again barely making it in time.
i went on a trip with three people from work, and we decided to have lunch before heading to our destination. ended up having a turkey sandwich. i spent the next 4 hours in close proximity to other people, staying at the back of the group for fear that i'd smell like shit.
whenever i took a piss it hurt so fucking bad and it felt like a had a golf ball in the middle of my dick . i learned a valuable lesson that day.
i threw the bat at the roof of the net it bounced back, hit me in the face and smashed my glasses cutting me and giving me a black eye.
i'm a Dutch guy studying in utrecht. so in January this year my school messed up. A blond girl studying dermatology needs models with acne for her assignment. She is given the green light and is given a list of mailing lists ( one per faculty) and is told to put them in the bcc off the mail. Everyone starts mailing all students so at first i didn't quite know why i received all those mails because i was visiting a classmate and was in the train.
i wanted to give my boyfriend an amazing blowjob while he played on his gameboy because he once told me that was his fantasy. i was a little too drunk and deep throated him and puked all over his perfect penis. i cleaned him up and finished him off but then i threw a hissy fit over nothing and got grumpy and left in a storm.
years without insurance, and then forgetting to make an appointment once i *had* insurance has left me with cavity teeth riddled . Now i've got a $10k treatment plan that has to go in effect before some of my teeth start falling out .
i was at a coworker's and friend's wedding and ended up at a strip club . The stripper looked like the kind of girl i would like to date . The cab driver didn't take me home because he couldn't find my debit card .
i haven't had time to post a followup to [me being baked off my ass at work](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1c87ca/tifu_by_accidentally_smoking_hash_during_my_lunch/)
Well taping it wasn't working so we decided to hot glue some of the places that the tape didn't want to stay on . well hot glue dribbled down the side so i used my finger, like the genius i am, to stop it from running all over the pinata . now i have a piece of my lip burnt off and my finger is starting to bubble .
so today, i'm trolling cl because i haven't had sex in over a year and a half and it's just sort of gives me this weird glimmer of hope . and yes, i know cl is a big, gross, disgusting trainwreck...that is kind of fun, or funny sometimes. i open one post and...it's one of my employees. and, his penis. two penis pictures, and one of his big, smiling face. he even signed the post with his name.
watched porn at a young age, didn't know what it was. made a drawing of a naked woman, mom found it. i immediately took it, ripped it up and threw it in multiple garbage cans. we have never spoken of this incident since.
i had only met this girl a few times and thought she was totally hot. she initiates the exchanging of numbers so i decided it is a good enough sign to ask her out for some drinks and dancing. i have really no idea who this girl is at this point as we have maybe had 10 minutes of conversation. date starts at 9 with some drinks and then i take her to a gay club for dancing. this club is known for being a fun dance club that gets a little out of control once things get going with no judgment befalling anybody.
i changed one thing in his graphics card options and now the display doesn't show up at all . i'm not sure what to do to fix it but at least he's not pissed at me because apparently this has happened before .
i call my insecure friend, a girl i love with all of my heart and soul, a brown cow. i just called my insecure friend, a girl i love with all of my heart and soul, a brown cow. i tried to explain, and she played it off. she acted like she totally understood and said it was no big deal. but i know. i know that i am a complete fuck up and a bitch the likes of which i didn't even know were within me.
i'm a writer. normally i don't dabble in horror/murder mystery, but this dark room got me thinking. it would be such a perfect set up for a horror movie. can't you just imagine someone coming up behind you and dunking your face into the scalding water? you would drown and burn your face at the same time. no one could even see you in the dark. now they think i'm a psychopath.
i was in the shower and as most guys understand sometimes you get an itch on your balls/dick and you gotta scratch it, but a normal fingernail scratch doesn't cut it. i have nothing to scratch with. but i need to. i see one of [these](http://i00.i.aliimg.com/img/pb/937/249/221/1248244807902_hz_myalibaba_web17-1324.jpg) that we have in the shower, and i think, \"hey, this would probably feel great!\" and damn it did.
when i turned to clean up, there he is, fast asleep still with cum on him. i washed him off and towel dried the poor fella, followed by a series of treats to say \"i'm so sorry\"
i use my iphone as sort of a makeshift alarm clock, so it play a song through my blue-tooth stereo in my room. the song i have it set to play is [fire hive by knife party]( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xclqvfkttkw) because it is **impossible** to sleep through. i wake up, hit the *snooze*(not the stop button) button. i have to snooze setting set very late. anyway, i eat, grab my phone, and head out to school.
she said it was m and wanted to know why i was interested. i told her it was because i was thinking of making a kfc joke. that was last night, she stopped replying, and i didn't realize until just now that there's a pick up line that goes 'you must work at kfc because those are great breasts and thighs'
pizza place serves no fries (what kinda pizza places doesn't sell fries ffs?) so i went to the burger shop right next to it. the fries was a fast 1m order; out the frier, poored liquid gold ontop, and in the box. i had no drink. i go to the fridge to make me some strawberry milk and end my day only to be rudely awoken hours later by an angry stomach.
i added chocolate chips to the brownies to make them extra special . 30 minutes later, i pulled the brownies out of the oven and saw it was bubbling .  confused, i thought about what might've caused it before i realized i never added flour .
    "error": "Unknown error
i was working at a college bar with a girl who was a maxim \"college hottie\" we were talking about how good of a night it was and she picked me up in a bear hug. the only thing i could say was \"i farted.\" as i started dying inside, i tried to laugh it off. she laughed nervously then made excuses to return downstairs.
I'm on a road trip to another state with my husband. we are driving late tonight for many hours, and i decided to switch driving with him at a little restaurant. while there, i decide hey, we could use a little coffee, so why not grab some for us? we buy the coffee and get in the car, and start slugging our drinks on the highway. about 10 minutes into the drive i feel unusually tired and lethargic. over the next half hour i go from sleepy, tired, reclining in the seat, to finally nauseous and begging my husband to pull over at a stopping point
i haven't been on ifunny in like 3 months . Everyone on ifunny is such a perverted dickhead who's obsessed with nothing but anime, mlp, porn, bacon, nutella, kate upton, boobs, etc.
when smash brothers was brand new on the 64. you will likely enjoy this . my brother was continuously farting like a anal maniac demon, nothing surprising or unusual here . when the ass rampage was over he said solemnly, yet with a sense of urgency, was \"uh-oh\"
i stupidly figured the triple heating of proper cannabis cooking would kill the mold and didn't do my research . i feel ok but all day i've had gas that smells exactly like a stagnant pond .
I drove to a bar last night with the intention of driving home later. after an hour or so, one of my buddies convinced me to stay out longer. The next morning my friend drove me back to the lot to get my car; but it wasn't there. like magic, a sign that i swear wasn't there last night appeared, mocking me and chanting \"parking until 7am.\" my angel of a roommate drove me to the lot in the middle of ghetto downtown. since i left everything in my car the night before i had to retrieve my debit cards first, find a bank, take out
i got a barbacoa burrito with all the good stuff in it, and finished the whole thing . i put my hand over my mouth to catch the impending vomit. my puke is green, and it looks like guacamole. there are also bits of corn and meat dripping off my face and hair. it smells like absolute shit. everyone is just staring at me and i'm like yelling at everyone to get me a towel or something but everyone is just silent and wide eyes.
when i got home friday night, i took a quick shower and hopped into bed. before crashing i decided to have a little fun. i got out my toy, lube, and some lingerie. instead of getting out of bed and cleaning up everything, i decided to just take care of it in the morning. when i got home, i noticed my room had been cleaned. i look in my top drawer and find everything, including my now-cleaned toy.
fuck. What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on iReport.com . What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on iReport.com . What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on iReport.com . What do you think? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on iReport.com .
i live in a very traditional Mexican family, so i'm not allowed any boyfriends and am only supposed to focus on my studies . my mom's the more lenient one, while my dad is a little more strict. well i've been in a relationship for a couple of months, and my mom knows about it along with my siblings, the only one left in the dark was my dad.
i bought tickets for myself and the girlfriend to a play on broadway in early january. we ended up not being able to go for the play. i bought tickets for the evening show again (this time, no discount, so even more expensive tickets), and emailed telecharge for a refund on the tickets i had gotten through nyu. at this point, i decided to call nyu to get the order details, in case telecharge needed specific order numbers or something; nyu told me that they don't get their tickets through telecharge! they said that i should take my tickets for friday to
i dropped a bottle of hot pink nail polish on the kitchen floor. often times they will bounce, this one shattered. the floor is tile, but it got all over the side of the wood cabinet, and also on the wall. my mother does (used to do) faux finishes and had done some plaster work and free hand painting to make the kitchen look like an old restaurant.
it wouldn't be so bad had the photo not been of a guy, (me being closeted gay), literally half a year old, at the bottom of his page . Every time i load up instagram i'm in perpetual fear that he knows .
there was grinding. friends invited their friends and a few things got broken, nothing major. but there is a lot of cleaning up to do. Folks had sex everywhere. fuck my lyfe.
i honestly do not know why people haven't pointed this out...or how i've managed to get into fully 3 different (very decent)colleges, landed a few interviews, and conducted some real life business via email, with my name on all of my official use accounts outgoing messages as \"idonthaveaname, fuckyourself\" i forwarded myself an email to my other email address. it's been that way for about 3 years.
went out parting with a female friend. she brought her friend along and introduced me. my friend told me this girl had a history of emotional issues that dealt with bad relationships and men using her for sex. but for some reason, i pushed that to the back of my mind and was really into dancing with her. things go heavy, and she was feeling me up all over. so i fingered her on the dance floor, and she came in a few minutes. afterward, she avoided all contact with me and refused to even look at me.
i had to dig myself out and was stuck for about, 5 minutes . you are never \"too cool\" to wear the second strap . did i mention that i also wore jeans? yep, soaring sensation of cold straight to my balls .
i'm 16...i was taking this class that was two weeks long, and over the course of it i met and became good friends with this girl, i really liked her. i found her attractive, not just looks but her character, our common interests, and we would just laugh and goof around, draw on each others papers and talk.  yesterday was the last day of class... i was going to get her number, i had never been so confident about doing it before, i knew I was going to do it... 5 minutes until class starts, she's not there but i dont think much of it
i ended up tearing a muscle in my neck. doctor said to rest for a few weeks without bending the neck too much. never again. i ended up tearing a muscle in my neck. doctor said to rest for a few weeks without bending the neck too much.
my roommate usually doesn't come into the room until 5 pm or 12am, because ya know, social shit. i'm just paroozin on reddit when i go \"hey, i got a shit ton of time to beat it, and the internet is pretty fast today, so might as well enjoy myself\" my roommate immediately turns to me and goes \"ya know what's the worst part about parking tickets?\" i lay there for 15 minutes before he decides to take a shower.
There is a girl who works at my local grocery store that i have found myself enamored with . Every time i go grocery shopping, i find myself keeping an eye out for her . On a recent shopping trip though, she left her station and came over to bag my groceries .
Bhoot jolokia is the hottest chilli in the world . You need to touch it to your tongue for an hour of epic flailing . Water provides no relief . The only thing that scales down the burning (sort of) is milk .
dara o'briain is one of the funniest comedians i've seen in years . His armadillo sketch left me in tears and physically hurting . Now it's all over the floor and parts of the sofa .
yesterday my grandmother decided she wanted to read the 50 shades of grey trilogy. not wanting to spend $15 she asked to borrow my copy. without thinking, i gave it to her..only realizing my mistake after she had begun reading.
i was just trolling around facebook when i remembered that i had to tell this girl that me and my friend found her lost ruler.. then all hell went loose.. i was just trolling around facebook when i remembered that i had to tell this girl that me and my friend found her lost ruler.. then all hell went loose.. i was just trolling around facebook when i remembered that i had to tell this girl that me and my friend found her lost ruler.. then all hell went loose.. i was just trolling around facebook when i remembered that i had to tell this girl that me and my friend
i saw a guy from work creeping on my new flatmate, whispering sweet nothings in her ear. me, being incredibly subtle, text my friend saying 'look at paul creeping on yana' at which point i see him checking his phone. i throw my phone behind the bed and exclaim 'has anyone seen my phone? i don't remember having it after leaving the pub' and hope he thinks someone else has my phone as he notices the text i've sent him. however guest1 pulls the phone out and says 'here it is tapprancer, i just saw you throw it over there
i bought a 5 quart oil bottle from autozone and poured the whole damn thing into my car . When i finally noticed my rear view mirror completely blinded by smoke, i panicked and pulled over . i stopped the engine, let the car sit for 5 minutes and started it up again. no smoke this time .
i was helping a neighbor boost a car that hadn't run in a while, and had to back into their driveway to do it. well, i couldn't stop. and my e-brake is inop, because i have my glow plug relay bypass button switch taped to the release lever. i floored the brake pedal and nothing happened, and ended up backing into his mobile home at 3 mph... no damage to either the car nor the home, and we had a good laugh over the whole thing.
i thought it was my younger brother and thought i would give him some holiday cheer by hiding then jumping out and scaring him. a few minutes later i felt someone sit on the couch and that's when i decided to jump up and scream. the only thing i heard was \"fuck\" before everything blacked out.  turns out it wasn't my little brother that was home but my dad and when i scared him, instead of getting scared he reacted by unintentionally punching me dead center in the face really hard.
I had been getting itchy in my nether-regions so i figured it might be nice to trim or shave down there. i started out trimming with scissors, which went well. i then hopped in the shower to help soften up the skin and hair. next, i applied shaving cream which is where things got unpleasant; somehow, some of it ended up in my urethra, which burned like all hell.
i recently applied for a new job that for me is a dream job of sorts . weeks roll by and no letter arrives in the mail . i quickly signed the offer letter and mailed it back to the office . when i came back to my desk a few days later i saw the offer letter still sitting there .
coworker #1 said she cheated her diet around Christmas .  coworker #2 said \"are you fucking kidding me? how can you be that inconsiderate?\" i feel like a total twat. now the joke at work is \"don't tell jo about people dying, she will make mean jokes about it\"
when i had access to paper during the next class (i think this was a boring math class i read books in and still aced) it took about half the class to figure it out and remember all the instructions. (it turns out that i forgot one of the last steps for years, so my crane's wings were triangles, and the head/neck and tail were larger.) i took it with me for the rest of the day; i admired the little guy. then came a class near the end of the day with an interesting reading teacher.
on top of my sisters brand new macbook air. on top of my sisters brand new macbook air. on top of my sisters brand new macbook air.
so i'm on holiday break, and currently unable to see my girlfriend. the past couple hours were spent having sexy talk, but because i'm here, at my cousin's house, i'm not able to have private time.
i want some serious help how to turn around my life. the amount of awards, accomplishments, and experiences i have attained is breath-taking, yet there is something missing. i realized that my social life is dying. it never really was alive. i turned away most people because i have trust issues, assuming what they would think of me. now, i\u2019m getting better, but still need to improve because i mostly keep to myself.
i really had to take a piss so i decided i would check them while i relieved myself. i was standing at the urinal, phone in my left hand, trying to type out replies before i finished up. i got about 3 seconds into my stream when the vice president of the company comes into the bathroom and stands at the urinal next to me.
in the morning i had a gigantic christmas morning shit. it didn't go down. luckily it didn't overflow.  five minutes later, i had opened all my presents and i got ac4. i completely forgot about my massive poowater floating in he downstairs toilet. before leaving, my cousin went to the downstairs toilet and came out with a look of horror on his face. he managed to stutter out someone left a massive poo in the toilet. with some investigation i learned that the smell spread, and the poo was grosser than ever.
I decided to dye my hair (black) since my (blonde) roots were growing out and my neighbor commented on them. i somehow still made a fuckin mess everywhere, on the carpet, the sink, everywhere and i had to clean it all up by vigorously scrubbing. my shirt was covered in hair dye. no big deal except apparently it bled through the shirt in two spots. i spent forever vigorously scrubbing my poor nipples until they were raw. got most of the black off but it's still a bit off color. soaked my foot in the tub.
i wanted some soft, warm cookies. so i put two in the microwave, and set it on a minute, going to stop it at about 10 or 20 so they would be soft. being the distracted person i am, i proceeded to walk off and play with the dogs. i came back into the kitchen to realize i had cookies in there. i opened the microwave and **i let smoke flood the kitchen.** in my panic, i flung myself around on the internet, looking for stuff, and alerting my dad so he wouldn't flip too badly.
I'm 26 and working as a paralegal in a medium sized firm. My boss is trained in interrogation and was a cop for 25 years before he got into this business. He's never really done this before and i started getting a bit nervous. He points out that i got one of the attachments wrong on a letter we were sending out. he starts shaking the page at me and telling me that this is completely unacceptable. all i can think of is i make less than people working at mcdonald's and i feel like my entire life is a joke because of this job but i can'
i was so unfocused , coming out of hard exercise in the gym , tired , want to pee , hungry . i stopped to withdraw money from an atm . i just took the card once it came out and run to my car .
being the first day of finals for me, i decided to wear them so i could go in feeling good. those shoes have no grip, and theres a few inches of snow on the ground. i, an athlete of sure footing and balance, think nothing of it. i had no problems getting to my final. no slippage. sit down, rock the final, feeling good.
My flatmate has never used a microwave before coming to uni . He has also never shown an interest in women or men for that matter . He is asexual and is simply working on breeding a twin .
my grandparents came from finland to visit us. my grandparents aren't good with flying. this results in my grandmother feeling sick, so i take her upstairs so she can have a lay down in my mums bed. before she even gets up the stairs she says she has to puke, and asks for a cold glass of water. Not two seconds before i get down the stairs she says \" never mind i think i'm going to puke now. so she runs into my bathroom, this is when the realisation hits me: i'd taken a monster shit not two hours before. my grandma puked into
when i was ready, i took the 10 o' clock bus, so i would be in school around 10.40 . my bus ride takes around 36 minutes. five minutes into the bus ride. i notice my nose is a little bit runny. this is normal and happens to many people when they go from somewhere cold (outside) to somewhere warm (the bus)
i thought one of my finals was tomorrow on thursday. it was on thursday. i thought one of my finals was tomorrow on Thursday. it was on Tuesday.
yesterday, i snorted 10mgs right before leaving for school. i black out and completely forget what happens during 1st period. i took a test, and apparently wrote my name sideways on the page and turned it in with not a single question done. my friend says she obviously knew i was high, so i'm incredibly lucky she didn't say anything. i also apparently stood at his desk and constantly stumbled around the room, switching seats to empty ones that weren't my assigned seat.
we do not bleed once a month and we don't randomly become bitches. i thoroughly enjoy my penis, but it came out as i thoroughly enjoy penis. what the fuck brain? we both laughed our asses off and can store that in the memory bank.
i'm 26, male, and have been peeing in sinks for at least 10 years . i've peed in friend's bathroom sinks, strangers kitchen sinks, my girlfriend's parent's bathroom sink, public sinks (bars), and countless times in my own sink .
so my friend was on reddit after a quiz on posted a thing on ask reddit that said hi i'm noah(noah is the kid that sits next to him and is a regular reddit user) and i have been gay for 3 years now and i want to have sex with my chemistry teacher. Then he showed it to noah and noah started laughing so the teach(this is the chem teacher by the way) looked over expecting to find gage to be playing a game but was mistaken. so they went to talk to the principle and all that and gage was like i like to go on
today i missed my final orgo exam. turned out it was today (11th) worst is f2f begging isn't that easy since i live miles away as a commuter. feel like an absolute worthless turd right now. good news i suppose. he told me to meet him during his office hours today.  either i'm getting a big break, or i'm on the verge of a making of a porno. will tell more of how it goes down.
when i got out of the shower this morning i like to dry my dirty bits by standing in front of a fan. while doing this i had the urge to fart...i violently shit into the fan. the poop got sprayed into a good 6 foot radius all over my bedroom.
i was in my drivers ed car(insurance reduction mothafucka) so were driving slow through a construction area and i see a few cops searching a car. The only irony of this whole thing is they did actually find drugs in the car.
when i got into line i was holding my 2-6 of devil's cut and a couple sixes of heineken in cans. when my turn in line came this sweetheart stalled a minute, asking her supervisor where one of the other cashier girls were. She was then asking if she could have a short 10 minute break. so she stalled by doing this as i'm standing right in front of her waiting to pay. as i'm putting my debit card info through she just starts chatting away about how she messed up her knee. i want to know when this sweetheart is working again so i can
yesterday, i went shopping for food, and at the register decided my remaining money would be easier to keep track of if i had it as cash instead of on a card, so i asked for my last $20 in cash back. i'd already stuck my wallet back into my pocket, and i didn't want to hold up the line, so i wrapped the twenty in my receipt and put it into my pocket. a few minutes later, my roommate finishes his shopping and we're walking to my car, and i put my hand in my pocket and feel this longass receipt.... so i toss it
decided to go to the bar tonight and little did i know my mom was there. i somewhat recognized her and gave her a molly (i had taken one as well.) well i get pretty wasted and i was faded from the molly and started chatting up my mom.
when i was gone, someone stole the last taco from my plate . a stolen dollar taco just changed my life forever . \"this is the way the world ends...not with a bang, but a whimper\"
i don't know why i did it, i'm not normally a prejudiced jackhole. i was picked on as a kid and i know how it hurts to be made fun of. i leaned in and quietly said to my friend sitting across from me, \"hey, check out the midget over there\"
\"This is my daughter, lydia, blah blah blah. she's a big college kid\" \"a boy ran up to me, holding a chair like a shield. i thought he wanted to tell me something, but he just kept running. that's when the little bastard drove his chair upward, into my unsuspecting crotch\" \"the whole hall turned to look at me like a monster. if only they knew my story, they'd say the very same thing!\"
i tried to do some christmas shopping at wal-mart (yeah, i know, that was my first fuck-up) and picked out some things for my brother and stepmom . as i was using the self-checkout, i got a call from my mom telling me to get to the doctor's office and pick up a prescription . i asked for cash back so i could have some extra money in my wallet, but i was in such a hurry to get out that i left the $20 there .
The day after finals ended, the management company that owns my apartment came around that morning to change the batteries in the smoke detectors . We'd been a bit lax with cleaning and our apartment was littered with dirty coffee mugs, plates, pizza boxes, papers, various other detritus . bf asked the guy if he could come back in a few minutes. he said he had to do all the apartments in order, but that he would wait. it ended up taking twenty minutes for us to get everything into garbage bags and hampers and hidden away .
someone found the keys, got in my car, and wrecked it into a tree. They stole my tomtom gps, ipod touch, an old windows mobile phone, my gym bag, $6, a couple textbooks, and a sweatshirt that my dad had brought back for me from Chicago. the worst part is that the car is totaled, so now i don't know what i'm going to do about transportation for work and school.
i had a huge double hamburger with french fries and a beer for dinner (screw you stomach! i'm on winter break), pretty good stuff. but eating that much made me want to shit really bad (it's a 'thing', i always shit after eating a lot for dinner), so, like any other normal day i just went to the bathroom. all looks good, nothing out of the ordinary, i'm alone at home, i have tons of toilet paper and not a worry in the world. i finish my business, clean myself and when i flush the toilet the water pressure is quite
when i get home im sitting in my room looking at the reef when all of a sudden i hear my sliding glass door open downstairs .  anyway the weed was still sitting on my desk so i quickly grabbed it and threw it into a \"land before time\" cassette case . when i got out of the shower i saw my whole box of old childhood memories was gone so i ran downstairs to find my brother watching \"land before time\" and the weed sitting on the counter with my parents sitting at the counter saying, \"i think we need to talk\" my mom then proceeded to take me to the police station
My girlfriend's cousin had just moved to the city and needed a place to live. he was trying to get away from his abusive parents and out of a bad life to get a fresh start. My gf said it would be ok for him to stay with us until he could get onto his feet. he lived with us for about two months, in that time he got a job he was paying us rent, covered his own food and bills, found a girlfriend for himself and was really getting his life together.
last night after many hours spent watching the fiance' play some final fantasy, we wanted some sexy times . i'm doing my thing, making him all happy and i just decide \"ah hell with it michellexkarma, hes had his now it is time for yours\" After a few moments it's almost completely unbearable, so i stop and tell him there is an intense burning like issue in the nether-regions .
drinking on my ownin the arvo, beer and whiskey and i decide to drive to maccas for food . on the way i nick a jay walker and get taken in by cops. thankfully no serious injuries but i can't remember the event clearly.  finally get back home and roommates are drinking. being the drunk fool that i am i volunteer to drive everyone. unluckily on the way i rear ended a taxi. even more unluckily a cop was watching and i get taken in again.
pee hits the stopper and causes it to go down the drain . The pee collects around the stopper and has to be pulled up . When i felt a the need to pee pay, i started to pee and let it all free, but the pee did not go away .
i don't like getting my hair cut.  anyway, a bottle of jack into the evening i decide to let her cut my shaggy hair. set to about 2cm she begins to tidy it up. the guard fell off. the sheer terror in her eyes before i realised what happened was horrifying. i looked in the mirror and had a reverse mohawk. i didn't know what to do so continued to shave the rest.
i chose to volunteer for chemistry teacher, and that's how this happened. i put the bottles back in the supply closet and accidentally put the chlorine water in the same cabinet as the 18m sulfuric acid. i noticed that the hallway smelled a bit like a swimming pool, but thought nothing of it. then i enter my chem room and the chlorine smell is suddenly unbearable. i quickly head towards the back to pickup my books but am intercepted by my chem teacher. she informs me that someone left the chlorine water in the wrong cabinet and caused the chemical room to be filled with chlorine.
i was taking a shower after getting home from work and i heard my fiancee walking into the bathroom. she got in between the shower curtain and the liner and we were talking when i decided to splash water at her face. it hit the liner and she jumped back a bit. she started laughing and i decided to turn the shower nozzle toward the liner. as i grabbed the shower head and turned it i felt a pop and the shower head came flying off, propelled by my hand, gravity, and water pressure... right at my fiancee's face.
and it was for one of the classes i was actually doing well in this semester. and i need to pass it for my major. and i need to pass it for my major.
i'm a silly teenager, and although i have no reason to shave my pubic hair, today i decided i would do it just to see what it's like . during my physical, my doctor will look at my dick and every thing else . does anybody know how to make hair grow back faster, so it at least looks like i just have short hair?
I was asked to take a sign down from the wall and use paint thiner to remove the glue. the fumes made me a bit nassuas. i grabbed the rag that was covered in paint thiner and put it all over my face and inhaled a lot. i then vomited all over the wall i had just been painting.
i have been married for ten years and up until last year my wife and i enjoyed a healthy sex life. but do to some health issues we very rarely have sex anymore. well after a few minutes of reading this scene i was hot, sweaty, panting, and horny as hell. well, i went to adjust myself in my pants, grabbed my junk and came like a fucking fourteen year old. Luckily our security guard was out making his rounds so i hightailed it to the bathroom, cleaned myself off, washed out my briefs and slacks, and then sat at my desk for two hours not moving
applied for transfer to my top choice of college. did all the visible steps and paid money, which then brought me to a confirmation page that i had completed everything. weeks pass and i get accepted to all the colleges but my top choice, which i hadn't heard anything from. Today, and it turns out there was one step i didn't finish, but guess what, it didn't tell me that when it said i had completed everything. it lied to me and completely ruined my chances to get into the college due to the deadline, and i'm out almost $100 just for this college.
when i was in high school i used to do a lot of theater. in one show i got a lead role, and the girl who was my romantic interest in the show was incredibly good looking. a couple hours before opening night i finally built up the courage to ask her out for a coffee date and she said yes. we walked the rest of the 30 minutes back to the theater in uncomfortable silence. we had to perform in an hour.
since the sleepover was unplanned i was still wearing my jeans which i couldn't sleep in. Since there wasn't enough beds some of us had to sleep together so i had to sleep next to my 6 year old sister and my mom and 18 year old cousin were sleeping on the 2 beds in front of me. i wake up randomly at 7 am and feel moisture in my pants but only around the penis area. i get up go to the washroom and what do i see jizz on my dick i just washed the pants and wore the ones from the night before and acted like nothing happened.
i read an artificial about how cats like their food warm as though it were freshly killed so i thought \"hmm, i'll microwave my kitty's wet cat food and she'll enjoy it 10 times more!\" worst idea i've ever had. it was the worst smell ever.
i was going upstairs with a glass of coke and i put it on my desk so i could start up the computer, i frickken knocked the damn thing all over my desk with my elbow! i went to the bathroom to get a bucket of water and a towel to clean the mess up. i have one of those pull up cutrains which go up and down so i made it go up so i would have a bit of light in the room and than the fucking thing crashed on my damn head!
i picked up a bag of chicken patty's that i had never had before. it wasn't anything fancy, it advertised the chicken on a sandwich on the bag. i figured i would head home, pop one in the microwave and munch while wasting my life away on reddit. almost 3/4ths of the way through i finally look up from my phone and see something unusual. the patty is a dark pink color, not white... i had been eating nearly raw chicken with out even realizing it.
i gave two residents cups (coffee cups) of nacho cheese sauce (hot), instead of cream of potato soup . i didn't realize what had happened until after they had left the cafe, and i was dipping up a bowl of actual cream of potato soup for someone else .
that trust was misplaced. that trust was misplaced. that trust was misplaced. that trust was misplaced. that trust was misplaced. that trust was misplaced.
i'm working on transferring apps/data from my uncle's (nigerian) galaxy tab 10.1, to his new galaxy tab 2 10.1. all of a sudden, his strong urge to take a shit hits me . i get up and run to the nearest bathroom. little did i know the repairman had been working on stuff in the bathroom, so the toilet was messy and dirty as fuck . i knew that i had to take a massive, urgent shit, i valued my health too much so i booked it to the upstairs bathroom .
i was doing a really kickass job for a first-timer... until i backed up without looking, and took a sharp counter edge in my butt/vag area. everyone did a big sympathetic \"oooooohh!\" like in the movies. i tried to play it off really cool through the pain, but there's just no looking cool in that situation.
i saw what almost looked like a cat but a split second later knew it was a turtle of some sort. thing was way too close for me to try to swerve; i would have ran the risk of going into the ditch. my friend got out and she said its leg was still moving but it was bleeding out.
i was camping with a group of kids and adults from my church's scout group. we were going to be rafting the river and just having fun for a few days. well, the first day we got to camp we had nothing to do in the afternoon, so we decided to make a rope swing. well, at the time, all the kids were 16-18 and the adults were in their 30s. we had just enough common sense to make a swing on a large branch and not some spindly thing. the branch we picked had a diameter of about 12 inches so we figured it could hold our
i just moved into this motel room with my boyfriend, because my boyfriends dad owns it and is giving us an awesome deal. well, i had put my toys in the bathroom sink and forgot about them. well...my boyfriends dad who also happens to be my boss where i work comes in to put some finishing touches on the room..which just so happen to be in the bathroom.
imagine me (or don't), butt ass naked, legs spread open, doing the shuffle in the living room. i'm sexting a hot girl, there's hardcore milf porn on the 54 inch telly, volume at 80, all the curtains closed, and my clothes strewn across the living room. i run up to the door and let my mom in. only after she lets the four horseman of the gallop out of her intestines and into the throne does she yell at me. i walked down to my room to finish my fap, and what do i see
It happened a couple of years ago now.. it was the second or third time i stayed at my girlfriends house.. we'd had a lovely afternoon doing whatever and come the evening she decided to put in some comfy's in which to curl up in front of the telly and relax. She persuaded me to stay, and offered me a pair of lilac coloured combat trousers to wear (not really my colour but hey ho)  anyway, we changed and were messing about on the bed when i decided to lie on my back with my legs pulled right up to my shoulders and let rip a humongous far
i heard the strained meow and the skitter of claws on the porcelain. he was perched with all four paws on one side of the toilet. a thin trail of liquid, undoubtedly spread by his tail, led me on my travels. he had stopped off on his favorite chair for a spell. not satisfied with his new-found hiding spot, he traversed the gap onto the dining room table, ran through the kitchen, and ended up sitting in his favorite spot.
i had just finished making some late-night munchies in the form of pot-stickers (the idea sounded brilliant considering previous activities) and reached across the stove to reach a pack of soy sauce i put across the way. i reached across the stove. with a lack of a shirt. According to gabriel iglesias, i'm somewhere between husky and fluffy. either way, the protective covering for the abs did its job...at the cost of me now holding an ice pack up to my gut.
i was sitting at my desk earlier this afternoon, redditing away, with a nice, tall glass of grapefruit juice on the little pullout-table thing that my desk has . As i absentmindedly reached for my glass of juice without looking at it, it spilled all over my floor, and my netbook . i looked up a youtube video on how to tear down the netbook and did so, wiping what i could and blowing off the rest with canned air .
i was on my third bushel of hair when, mid-clip, i snagged a chunk of upper-dick skin and avulsed a half-inch flap. it wasn't bleeding at first but after about a minute blood started seeping out. panic, fear, and *why-me's* started shortly after. i immediately informed my roommate and he got some antiseptic and bandages for me.
we were all acting like idiots, telling jokes to kids in the hallway of our highschool...just general dickin' around. then my i see my friend, and i call out, \"yo momma so fat, she's on both sides of the family!\", or some shit i can't even remember. he kinda half smiled and just kept walking, and a couple of my friends laughed, but i realized right away what i had done. most of my friends have no idea about his mom because he just transferred to our school.
i was hanging out with my friend, and he's always been kind of weird. this time though, he asks if i want to see who can eat more brownies, and i agreed. i think i ate like four or five, not knowing they were pot brownies.
i was bored that day and kinda good at graphic design, so that's what i did . i succeeded, and sent him the link to the picture. however, i didn't tell him that it was a joke. as it turns out, he didn't even look at the banner and just immediately saved the link .
The past few years have been hard financially and we don't have money for much. For the past six months i have had three nice shirts that i can wear out of the house, but slowly over those months they have been wearing out. Today i screwed up by cleaning in my only good shirt! first post by the way so sorry for mess ups.
i was giving a presentation in my mental health nursing class on suicide prevention. this was a group presentation, and the way we ran it is that we each took a section of the powerpoint to talk about. i was third, out of four. so this presentation is going on, and i'm patiently waiting for my turn. i'm blocking classmates a and b between me, the desk, and the wall. the second girl is starting her portion and i'm getting a little nervous- i'm not really into public speaking, but i make it work. my turn to talk comes up
i was sitting while holding his legs in the air to slip the new diaper under his butt, when suddenly he sneezed. the sneeze caused the warm, liquid butt sludge to come flying straight at my face. it barely missed my mouth and hit my chin, and all over my chest.
I was working for a relative and he had a foreman who happened to be a long time family friend. So we are out in the field working on hives and bent over looking for queen bees so we could split up hives to make new hives. i always tie shoe laces around the bottom of my trousers so i won't have a bee wandering up my leg and causing a panic. he suddenly stands up and looks at me with a shocked expression of panic. then he hauls off and smacks himself right in the nuts as hard as he can with an open palm.
this weekend i went out to a friend's house to drink . in total maybe 5 beers, 3 shots of tequila, and a screwdriver . Since i live round the corner they walk me back to my residence hall . i promised my other friend's's i'd stay over at their dorm room .
i got the database downloads mixed up and ended up nuking 4 days worth of work . First time i have ever had a boss call me incompetent .
340-gram bag (depending on the mix) contains over 2000 calories . If you're hungry and you get a hold of one of these bags, you could eat a day's worth of calories in a single sitting . Peanuts, raisins, sunflower seeds, m&ms. who knew that four simple ingredients could bring about such destruction?
i forgot to lock the bathroom door. not that it mattered, no one was home . my mom walked in on me holding the shower head to my clit. she screams and turns around awkwardly while i panic; instead of turning the shower off, i turn it to the hottest setting there is. \"my fucking vagina!!!\"** echoes from the shower, down the hall, around the corner and into my mother's already damaged head. so, here i am, holding a freezing cold wash cloth on my clit while dying from embarrassment waiting for my mother to get home from her manicure.
i went to a Halloween party that my college was throwing. it was fun and all seeing my friends in their costumes and stuff, but it was *super* boring there cause, you know, it was being thrown by the school. One of the girls with us, suzy, was obviously into me, making a point to sit next to me while we waited for the others, laughing at my dumb jokes, all that. for the last 40 minutes i've been making out with a severely drunk girl while i've been totally sober. i was amazed at how sober she had seemed while inside the house
my computer technician position was put on hold now i am panicing as far as what to do. i have been applying to some places and hoping.
he was rehearsing earlier in the day at my place of work. i then saw a head pop out of the room next to me and glare. i found out about 10 minutes later that it was none other than steven harper playing and his head of security had heard me.
this was my first time giving blood, and i didn't really know what to expect. the donation went swimmingly, there were no issues besides being slightly lightheaded, which was to be expected. fast forward to when i got home. no one was there. no one was there. parents were at work, sisters were out doing some shit.  suddenly everything rushed up to my head and i fainted. when i came to, i was on the floor, laying in a puddle of piss. i used 3 different cleaners just to get rid of the smell and threw my piss-soaked clothes in the
dreamt that I killed 200 people in line for a virtual reality game console . Police pulled me over and said \"did you know you killed 200 people back there?\"  woke up screaming \"oh fuck im going to get the gas chamber for this oh fuck\"
i always like to burn this one specific one when i'm cleaning because it calms me down . when i finished i noticed there was light coming from my room, but i didn't remember leaving any lights on . my family was with me so turned on my fan and sprayed deodorant so they wouldn't smell the candle smell and tell me how much of a dumbass i was .
she cried and got super pissed off and left my house while i apologized profusely. she ended up forgiving me but im sure still has a grudge. i have been dating this girl for four months now but, at the time of the incident we had been dating for only lik 3 weeks.
i started to wash my face when i notice my girlfriend left a bottle of what looks like face wash . i was in a rush and out of face wash so i completely missed the vagina bit. i was in a rush and out of face wash so i completely missed the vagina bit.
i needed a new laptop. the one i was using was very old and beaten to hell. i'm saying i can turn it on and get it to a screen that tells me to hit f11 and then sends me to a point where i can recover files and after all that restart the computer and then it goes in a complete circle. this computer is basically as useless to me as the stationary laptop outside.
i showed my 7 year old son my old music collection. i started with some 90s techno and he liked it. i then asked him: \"did you know that music can even scare you?\" he did not believe me so i started aphex twin - come to daddy. he sat in his seat and was getting smaller and smaller until he cried.
after i got out of the shower i took a picture of the aquarium and sent it to james. i went back and looked at the picture to see if i could tell there were turtles swimming around, and that's when i noticed that my naked reflection in the aquarium glass was clearly visible.
i brought my computer with me to a debate tournament because i would usually read my speeches off of my computer, and i was tethering through my phone for internet because the school the tournament was in had a wifi password. While we wait between rounds in the school auditorium the coach wants to use my computer for a few minutes to check on the website postings. i was too engaged in trying to figure out what the hell had happened to realize that the sound was on, and the videos were all *playing*, and my sound was on. i slammed my computer shut as soon as i realized, and people in the
my subcontractor asked me to join a crew in charleston south Carolina at a shipyard. i was a bit vague on the name of the shipyard and i suppose they thought i would meet up at the motel and then go with the whole group to the yard. i went to work every day for two months. the rest of the crew seemed to be working somewhere else at a large navy yard where they didn't seem to work very hard.
as part of my job at a restaurant, i have to clean the large glass doors at the entrance of the place. they get really nasty from all of the hands that push on the glass to open it, so they have to be sprayed down from time to time. i spray down the doors real good, then i reach backwards. huh, the door is back farther than i thought it was. my stupid brain doesn't realize it's not a door. as i keep reaching back at this \"door,\" i notice that some of my fellow workers are giving me horrified looks.
i was overwhelmed with the need to untie my flatulence. i squeezed my cheeks together and pushed through the crowd on the sidewalk, and moseyed into the building. after swiping my id card i stepped into the elevator. phew, no one there. i raised my cheek and let out a good seven second fart--not taking into account that i entered the building at the lower level, and had to pass the lobby before being able to safely assume no one would get on. the doors opened to reveal three of the sexiest track runners i have ever seen. these girls were easily eights, one a
anyways i was walking to the bus stop(driving test next week.) and waiting for the bus. i got on and i felt something wrong. kinda like a motion sickness kinda way. as i approached the door, i felt like I needed to fart. so i proceed to do so. i froze, i'm 3 inches from the door way to my class. it felt lukewarm. the texture felt like the cross between water and dijon mustard. i just washed it and using 2 cups of detergent and 5 sheets of softener sheets before shitting in it. so the glade smell is
The night before the wedding me and my bestman went to our local small pub to have a couple of pints. The party itself was also so great, even though i feared beforehand that i'd get too drunk at my own wedding. When the taxi arrived to our hotel, nobody could wake me up, so my now-wife just stood there and laughed her pretty little ass of while our friends, four of them, carried me to our suite. They even tried to take off my suit, but eventually gave up and went to their own rooms.
My mother came down with some illness and is out of work for a few days. she recovers, but afterwards tells me that she went into my room to look for illicit substances, and notices the bottle on my desk. apparently it smelled funny to her, and she thought there might be alcohol in it. so, she tasted it to confirm. Shortly after she began to experience extremely vivid hallucinations, became horridly ill, and tripped balls (seriously, no pun intended) for the next 24 hours emerging with little real memory of what happened. the family dr. convinced her that there may have been ghb inside, and
never say anything negative about israel on facebook if you have lots of jewish friends, it'll end up being a clusterfuck of shit at the end.
i got carried away and put way too much on my hands. i then proceeded to leave the pharmacy and light up a cigarette on the way to my car. i guess i got my lighter too close to the excess germ-x, which caused it to catch on fire.
i was driving past appebees in a shopping center i work in. well i thought the group of birds would disperse, but instead, i steamrolled a bird with my tire in front of a young girl and her brother.
a few years ago, my school ran a foreign exchange program. some students from a fairly wealthy suburb of barcelona came to stay with families where i live for a week and we went over there later on in the year. the student i was paired with was a quiet kid who seemed really shy. (understandable in a foreign country where no-one speaks your first language.) a few days into the week, me and a friend were having an argument. a few days into the week, me and a friend were having an argument. a few days into the week, me and a friend were having an
when i returned, all looked well. most of it was on the bottom. what i didn't know is that it created some sort of vacuum suction power and that as soon as i twisted the cap off, it \"popped\" like a roll of pillsbury biscuits and it got into my eyes.
i don't even feel comfortable saying what i did with a throw away. it was so far across so many lines that there's no getting back to how things were. i feel sick to my stomach right now.
after the blowjob fest in the back of my car, the only way to clean up was to use these napkins i found in the back seat. i wiped us up and found a little empty bag of pork rinds that i stuck the cum wipes in. on the way home, she finds the bag of pork rinds and starts digging through it picking up the napkins telling me to not put my \"snotty tissues\" into a potato chip bag.
saw the stop sign was out but it didn't register with me because hey, stop signs are always on the right side of the road, right? the bus honked and i slammed on my brakes just after i passed it, suddenly realizing what an idiot i was. The cop pulled me over and took pity on me because i was a student, and possibly it had something to do with the fact that i \"accidentally\" handed him my eagle scout card along with my drivers license.
i stayed up until 3am last night trying to cram for both tests . My prof allowed me to take the test but hasn't told me if she would take any points off of it yet . My prof just e-mailed me my grade and i would have set the curve in the class .
when i woke up this morning i felt the need to pinch one out. i said fuck it, didn't have time, and headed off to work. at work i had a long meeting and got distracted for the rest of the day by my job. i got off work and headed up to do laundry. then i went grocery shopping - all in all, i was too busy to stop and and let it go. so on the way home i grab some coneys (chili dogs to most of you) so i don't have to cook when i finish putting groceries away. 
before i met my girlfriend, i was pretty deep into drugs . i'd hang out with my buddies and smoke, drop acid, all that stupid shit . then she came along, and after finding out that she was really against substance abuse, i promised her i'd quit all of it . it wasn't even an empty promise like pretty much all couples make in order to impress each other at the start of their relationship .
i had to pull it out of my dogs mouth and throw it away in the near by dumpster. i touched his sperm. my brothers sperm. i can't express my disgust right now.
my lip is tore up in several different places and i have a nice liquid bandaid holding some of it together for the next ten days plus random drooling. my nose isn't broken or fractured - luckily - but it has a nice juicy bruise that's very tender to the touch. my thigh has a bruise and scrape marks that extend about a foot long in length and a good few inches wide, with a nasty fat skinning of my knee. the dentist said they could fix it and the damage could have been worse, but they'll patch me up next week once the swelling of my lip goes
when i closed out the tab, the tab with the comic appears on the screen. i tried to explain to him that it is a comic strip and the creator also does porn every so often, i am certain that he did not believe me. word travels fast here and everyone now thinks that i look at hentai.
i know, i'm an idiot. i know, i'm an idiot. i know, i'm an idiot. i know, i'm an idiot.
i've been getting emails from peter smalley on google plus for what seems like ages. i've gotten at least 500 to 1000 emails. i didn't know who he was and thought he might even work for Google as a blogger .
i woke up to my feet itching like crazy. a rash was appearing, and i couldn't find the anti-itch solution.  finally, i found it and relieved the itching to a point that was bearable. but the rash was getting bigger. i have realy bad eye sight, and couldn't see where my glasses were to examine my bites better. so, i washed my hands so i could put in my contacts. when i put in my contact my eye burned instantly.
i woke up hours later, freezing in the tub, where i apparently spilled most of a handle of jack daniels and soaked in it for two hours . i called the interviewer's office (after hours at this point) and said i was really sick and needed to reschedule and emailed the same thing. fortunately in the morning they said that was fine.
my mom asked me to go outside and start up the grill so we could have hot dogs and hamburgers for dinner. So i start the grill then put the stuff on the grill and look in the corner and saw some older golf clubs. i grab some iron and go to the lawn and start swinging it. i though why don't i just take an old golf ball and hit it into the field. so i grab my dads driver out of his back because i don't want to go into the basement to get mine.
i feel like total shit... 9/10 chance i am dying. i feel like i am dying. i feel like total shit... 9/10 chance i am dying.
i am not at my best mental capacity at 7:30 in the morning . my period had started. no big deal, i'd just run to the bathroom that wasn't far from my room and get a pad, right? right? when i stood up, the floodgates opened. i speedwalked to the bathroom (i don't know why i didn't run, again, i am not at my best) but halfway there it appeared this would not be adequate .
i'm a big fan of tf2, clocking in over several hundred hours of playtime when i've got nothing to do . when the balloonicorn came out as a product on the valve store and thinkgeek, i knew i had to get one . my dad is a very christian man and thinks that homosexuality (or even guys liking things that have a bit of a feminine touch besides women themselves) is a sin .
i was tired, the cat is overweight and asks for more food three times a day so i thought she could wait until morning. this morning i found cat food all around our washing machine as our cat decided to help herself, i cleaned it and fed the cat. after about 15 minutes the fire alarm goes of. i then run around like a chicken with no head and check al the smoke detectors downstairs but non of them had a red light. i then leave the fire extinguisher downstairs as fire does not seem to be the problem, and get upstairs again to find out water comes from the attic and leaks into a
last night we had a bit of a splash that involved each of us drinking a six-pack immediately prior to going to bed. i woke up at my usual time and realized i had to pee immediately. i tried to be all zen and focus on other things, emptying my mind like i wanted to empty my bladder, but i could feel my belly as firm as a basketball, and my urethra was all like, \"duuuude, wtf, i can not hold this flood back\"
i had to turn down sex with the bf because it was hurting enough. it usually just gets inflamed and hurts a bit, but it wasn't feeling right. fast-forward to this morning, i wake up earlier than him and in my sleepy stupor wander downstairs. before i know it, i'm incredibly horny, and completely forgetting about last night, start going to town. with 2 minutes, my dick is on fire. i can hardly stand the pain. the fiery wrath of satan came down upon my genitalia this morning, and even now, 4 hours later, it still hurts
\"i think fast, i talk fast and i need you to act fast if you wanna get out of this without coffee stains all over the place\" Spent the next half hour trying to find and clean and scrub every little drop of coffee off of every little surface in the front of the car .
i woke up at 12 and decided to take care of the biz (know what i'm saying?)  whilst i was sitting there jerking it i kept dozing off, which was making things way more awesome because i was effectively dreaming about what i was imagining. then when i woke up a bit i'd just keep going. anyway i got too excited so i jumped off the bed and started to furiously masturbate standing up. spoofing off the list of the names of the girls i was gangbanging in my head. saying things like \"eurgh _____ you want it in your as
my mom made vegetarian burritos last night with veggie crumbles and pintos . When dinner was over, everyone in the house was boated and gassy . my dad conceded defeat for the first time in all of my years, but it was not to last . my mom, somehow knowing what she had planned, put her hands on my ass to push it out of her face .
stormy the cat was at the foot of the bed and i wanted to pet him; so i pet him with my foot. suddenly, my wife looks over and says \"babe, what are you doing? you're rubbing stormy's butt\"
i was going to a strip club before going home for the night and ended up going to the back with this girl for a topless dance . the topless dance is only ten dollars so i was thinking two dances nothing big i have plenty of money for that and enough for lunch tomorrow at work. the stripper asks if i want another dance (as per usual) and i accept thinking okay after this i will be done for the night and head home. with my mind focused on something else i think nothing of it and then the stripper starts to take off her bottoms and continues dancing my non sober mind thinks hey
i sneezed politely but my nose started to drip afterwards, which i delicately dabbed with the side of my finger . by that point it was running down my hand and onto my dress, and all of those eight people were staring at me . well, that card was my tax return. so it was $6 worth of tax back, but goddamnit, it was mine!
after working in the shop all day i was hot and thirsty . well sitting in the cup holders of my truck is two bottles, one is a spitter for chew and the other is tea from lunch, both in the same style bottle . i was so thirsty i didn't pay attention to which bottle i grabbed. i grabbed the spitter and took a big swig of it. instantaneous nausea.
i'm a sophomore in college and people have just started moving in. i've also been in contact with a girl over the summer and we hook up sometimes. i invited all my friends from last year to come(including the girl) and it is going well. a different female friend of mine tells me the rest. she asks me to take her back to her dorm cuz she's bored. i also agree because i notice summer-girl leaving the party as well and it is in the same direction. i then re-lose consciousness, and wake up at 9:30 am almost naked on my
do i need an explanation? tagged derrire instead of back, now i'm known as my username.  (he was cool about it, but i'm sick of people thinking i tried to cop a feel)
we just had our one year anniversary, but things were not well for us . she just started a new job and we haven't seen each other as much as we used to .
this is the second time i've sent packages to the wrong place in two weeks. i need one of the books for next week and now there's no way i'm going to get it in time. my parents are going to have to pay to ship all 10 books to my college as well, and they probably won't get around to it until next week.
today, grumpy cat was apparently visiting and being exhibited in a show of modern art regarding popular culture and the interwebs . i was presented with the opportunity to hang out with my friends in the area around the wac, which is filled with shops and caf\u00e9s . after coffee, i decided i was too tired to walk around a gallery for 2 hours, and told my friends i was going home. they assumed i knew walk of grumpy cat, and let me go home without telling me. now my phone is blowing up with photo messages of a certain internet celebrity surrounded by my friends while i sit at home with
stupid stupid me decided to wear a pear of loose shorts because it's still fairly hot out. i've never worn a buttplug out without wearing jeans or yoga pants. guess it was those, not my clenching skills, that typically held the plug in place.
i think she was being genuine about this. if she came looking for me back now would i take her? no fuck no. no i don't think so. the funny thing is the fact that i am stung, stung in a deep stupid way that i have no real way of allowing myself feel, and that there is no way that she will ever again in her life want me to be her boyfriend again . the women i do not want to be in long term relationships with are less fiercely intelligent and probably more romantic .
i hop on the 'ole Xbox and launch the first game that catches my eye in my half-assed collection: call of duty black ops ii. i'm a notoriously loud serial rager, and have one helluva potty mouth to boot. next thing i know, jimmy quickscopes comes up and gats me, causing me to scream a hearty, \"fucking faggot!\" into my mic.
My mom and sister were driving down the road and saw a momma duck and her babies trying to cross the road. the mom hopped up the curb but the chicks couldn't make it up and it was a real busy road. my mom just loves all animals so she parked on the side of the road and got out to help. all the chicks started scattering and one fell down a grate in the road. the other made it up ok but they could hear the little guy down there \"crying for his momma\" as my mom put it.
\"you're foreign and i'm a racist therefore i hate you so fuck off\" the next 20 minutes were silent and horrible . the silence only broke when we reached the end of the journey and i said \"you can keep the change because you were wonderful\"
they bought the gift last Saturday, but i finally saw my mom today to give her the gift. my mom opens the box to find a lovely snow globe for grandmothers. she goes \"ooh, that's very pretty\" and then realizes it plays music. i told her that it played \"wind beneath my wings\" and she looked as though she was going to cry and said quietly that it was my aunt's favorite song.
now my mom is mad at me for stealing it. i would never tell her it was me but she knows... she said shes going to the pawn shop to look for it... i'm sure she'll find it too...
i woke up early on this particular morning & being a teenager, i figured i had time to jerk off quickly. about an hour later, i go & talk to my mom because she's up now so i did that & then let the dog out. she said to me, \"did you spit on your arm?\" & i look over to my arm to see a blob of cum that i had no idea was there & had no idea *how* it got *there*.
Some of my crushes friends have been cracking a few wise-ass jokes, not targeting anyone in particular, but m seems to think it is directed to her and her friends . The problem is as follows: some of my crushes friends have been cracking a few wise-ass jokes, not targeting anyone in particular, but m seems to think it is directed to her and her friends .
during my break i got on reddit and was browsing around when i felt the need to fap, well, i'm weird and i was just looking around on r/hentai when i found this really good picture of one of my favorite anime characters in a...well... indecent...position. well my sister and my dad both walked by my room with this picture enlarged on my screen. well my sister and my dad both walked by my room with this picture enlarged on my screen. i being oblivious to this fact continued on like everything was normal, until they had left i and was done with class and
i was in my english class having a casual conversation when all the sudden my teacher gave my class some concerning news regarding her pregnancy .  upon hearing the semi-shitty news, i just said without thinking, \"abort the mission!\"
we didn't have any lube or anything, so my wife says, go get the almond oil. i run out of the bedroom fully aroused just bobbing away. i reach in the cupboard and retrieve said almond oil. i run back in to the bedroom completely ready to get us all oiled up. i turn over the bottle and get my hand full of said liquid and proceed to douse my wang with it. not a full 3 seconds had passed and i immediately jump out of bed while saying, \"this is wrong, somethings not right, this is wrong\"
after i finished my shower i decided i should let the dog out so he doesn't piss everywhere when i'm at school . i open the door and i stick my fingers into his collar because even though his yard leash reaches past the door, by dog is unfathomably stupid .  as i walked through the door, i closed it behind me so my cat doesn't wander outside and get himself eaten .
don't cram all night kids. there's no point . the story is in the title i guess. don't cram all night kids.
i'm a goody goody and kind of have an extreme fear of authority/any kind of awkward social interaction. the female owner, who i was kind of observing, seemed a little curt/stressed out. i'm not expecting her to call the cops but it's possible there might be yelling/withering comments.
friend is mad. Friend is mad. Friend is mad. Friend is mad. Friend is mad. Friend is mad. Friend is mad.
i lost my only source of income (after just getting a new place) because i got caught stealing some lottery tickets on camera. it was before i got the place, when i literally had no money for food, so i pocketed some scratch offs in hopes of getting some food money. now i lost my job and am being prosecuted.
before i woke up, i had a bj dream (happens on occasion, never results in the following)... now we chat and she leaves for school, so i fall asleep again to the same dream. my brain, being the horny teen brain it is, decides to escalate the dream a bit further to a full on sex dream. and the dream... escapes the mind and shoots into reality... shoots it right into my favorite boxers... i wake up to a very good feeling and a hard boner. then i realized that that feeling was an orgasm. the damage was devastating.
on the drive home, a fly was buzzing around the car. it landed on the windshield in front of me, so my friend said to try and kill it because it was annoying. for reasons unknown to me, i hit at it with the bottom of my palm, near the wrist. i had no clue how that happened, but it was obvious he was going to need a brand new windshield.
i decided to put hot sauce on my, ah... dowsing rod .  immediately i feel an amazing warmth spread across my member . it gets to the point where i'm about ready to scream . i run to the kitchen, grab a cup, fill it with milk, and put my lizard in it. it immediately makes the pain subside, but it comes back with a vengeance whenever i remove my anaconda from the goblet of cow juice .
when we first found out i cleaned my apartment and made sure it was ready for them to run.  we then had a meeting and the landlord told us that we would have a door hanger telling us two days before anyone would be in our apartments.  today i came home to find my and all my neighbors doors wide open with dudes running from one room to another.
i have been in this club for the past two years and both times have represented my state at the national level. my parents understand the significance of showing leadership in a college application and told me to run for an officer position in said club. However, one day when my mom was out of town and my dad had to come pick me up this club was holding a meeting and i was forced to tell my advisor i couldn't attend. i found out they were given out on the day they were due because of a phone call from my advisor asking me why i never turned one in.
on the way home, my car (which was pushing 100k miles) started really struggling to accelerate. it wouldn't go above 40-45 mph, even when i pushed the pedal as hard as i could. After borrowing even more money, i took my car to get a basic fluid change, hoping the issue was transmission fluid or something. well, the fuel filter in a scion can only be changed by ripping out the whole seat, so off to the dealership we go. $320 and a new fuel filter later.
when my mom saw it, she flipped out and knocked the bowl on the ground . my dog comes out of nowhere, snatches the rat, and takes off . my mom made me sell my precious python on craigslist .
/r/tifu has reached 100,000 subscribers . i'd like to ask the entire /r/tifu community: do you have any ideas for new features for this subreddit?
i wanted to put my paper wallet in the safe deposit box my family has. there is some gold, silver and documents in it, nothing big though. i wasn't feeling very well lately and had some stomach issues. it's a 2 hour train ride with about 10 stops. usually i never use the toilet on the train. but yesterday i made the wrong decision. so my backpack was really full with stuff, like a lady handbag. i didn't put my paper wallet in my wallet, i put it with some other (unimportant) documents in my backpack. but then the incident happened.
i had taken the top off for the summer, but the driver and passenger front side window halfs of the doors were still on it. i went to open the driver's side door and it just wouldn't budge. i explained the situation and he proceeds to try to get it open for himself, and of course, can't do it. i could have said \"fuck it\" and gone about my day, but no, you see, i am a mechanical engineering student.
i left my new glasses with my bag, because fhey still need some small adjustment and are still uncomfortable, and hung out with my friends on the other side of the building for a bit . When i came back they were gone .
my mom is a single parent and wanted me to have the best education, so she moved us here. it's my senior year, i'm bound for college, and i knew prom was really expensive. last night before prom, i got a last-minute tutoring gig for $60 but in the whole rush of prom, stresses from prom drama, feeling that i had to pay my mom back, and running late, i got into a car accident. it wasn't huge, just a bumper, but it would probably amount to $500 to pay to the guy i hit plus $1,200 for my mom's
my dick pisses right through the tiny gap between the toilet seat and bowl, spraying the back of my khakis and the floor . i do my best to clean up and dry everything off, but there's still a noticeable dark spot smack dab in the middle of my ass . i live too far away to go change, have no backup pants here, and no easy way to disappear and clean them .
for me, it hurts to withdraw a 20, and now it's as if i've just thrown it away. the doorbell just rang, but it wasn't the cab driver. :( 14 minutes. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. every minute that passes, the likelihood of him returning is diminishing. this sucks. i'm trying to not be obsessed about money in general, but it's not even about the money. it's about having trusted someone.
this morning however i had to pee. due to [rhinitis](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhinitis) i had been having slight nosebleeds in the night. i think i blacked out, due to nosebleed related light headedness, but i could of slipped, and i hit my nose (the bane of my life) and hip going down. and in the fall i managed to knock the top of the toilet tank off...and water is hitting the fucking ceiling.
blood poured from my finger, all over my hand, down my arm, on the shower curtain and on the shower. 20 minutes later, here i lay with my throbbing, bandaged hand over my head, hoping this thing clits soon...and no nookie in sight.
i'm a sixteen year old kid working 30+ hours a week and going to school everyday. Recently my friend said that i should smoke during lunch to de-stress and everything would be fine and that i just needed a break. When i get back from lunch after smoking a few bowls with a group of close friends, i start feeling it alllllll away. we were using the school computers and this kid in the class before ours left his account logged in. One of my buddies tells me that it is this kid who tried to sleep with my girlfriend and who was talking shit about me. 
today i took a shower and snap chatted (sex-ting) my friend, who in my contacts was baby bestfriend. Similar to my other friend, (the accidental victim) whose name is bby bestfriend. they both are close together and i wasn't paying attention, so i sent it to t, he wrong person who shouldn't of gotten it. i took a picture of my dick and sent it to her instead.