 i was teaching 5th graders about anne frank and the third reich. a kid with a boyish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in germany, pipes up. a kid with a girlish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in germany, pipes up. a kid with a girlish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in germany, pipes up. a kid with a girlish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing
 i met my estranged dad for the first time in years and now i feel like an ass because i don't know why i don't trust him.
 i used veet hair removal gel on my nuts, it did great at taking the hair off it, but decided to take the first layer of skin too, my nuts now glow cherry red and walking is a painful expense that can't be justified.
 i used peppermint essential oil in my bath and now my ladybits are burning and i'm sitting in the snow naked because i didn't listen to my brain.
 i took a hot bath with a spliff in it and ended up with a black eye and a bleeding shoulder. now i'm starting to feel less like a lobster.
 i had sex with my gf in the woods and landscape workers saw us and watched us get off each other. i was embarrassed and they ruined it.
 tried to microwave french fries, ended up with first degree burns on the tip of my finger, and a bag of frozen corn on the end of my finger.
 broke a pipe in my truck, got pinned between it and a barbed wire fence, and now i'm worried that my friend's mom will tear down the barn.
 i fucked up by trying to scratch a heifer's want for water, and ended up squishing my hand in between her head/head bump and a wooden fence post.
 i coughed so hard i shat my pants, and now i know what it feels like to shat your pants in front of a crowd of people.
 i peed in a girl's mouth when i thought i came. she gargled a little bit and then spit it out. never spoke to her again.
 my boss had a stroke. he was hospitalized today. while a coworker was explaining his status i had my ear buds in and was hysterically laughing like a hyena at adviceanimals.
 my sister sang i'm glad you came and i pretended to be the one to say \thats what your mom said last night' she smacked me and the mouth and nothing even happened.
 locked myself out of my house, farted, had to walk 30 minutes in the rain to get to work, my underwear were stained with my diarrhea.
 hooked up with a girl, got wasted, woke up the next morning with a different girl in my bed and her ignoring my calls. i fucked up.
 jumped into my friend's lap, fell over, dislocated my knee cap, had to drive in an ambulance with it stuck in my leg for a few hours.
 i formatted my hard drive without backing it up and now i have lost all of my work and videos for the last year and a half of high school.
 woke up tired as fuck, poured milk and juice on cereal, didn't notice until i put the first mouthful in my mouth, liked it.
 i had a whirlwind romance which tore me to pieces by the end of the month, and now i'm in a relationship with a guy who doesn't want to live in my country.
 i fucked up by plugging a speaker into my phone's audio input where the battery beyond had a maximum load capacity of only three point eight volts and fried my motherboard.
 went to starbucks, got a frappucino, shit my ass in my car and cried a little. i'm lactose intolerant and coffee upsets my stomach.
 set up dropbox account on brother's computer so that file transfer could be easier. brother saw a sext from my girlfriend and now knows about my sex life.
 i farted in my boyfriend's anal and he didn't make a big deal out of it. i'm not a big fan of anal.
 i tried to be a salad ninja and stole a bite from my mother, she almost died and now my step-fathers half mexican daughter is coming to see her father for the first time in her life.
 i said \i hope you burn yourself\ to a girl with burns on 90% of her body and now everyone around me thinks i'm a dick.
 i came right in my girlfriend's eye with an angle that would not allow me to ejaculate straight out and it caused my penis to bounce up and down in front of her face.
 i got in the wrong lane on the jersey turnpike and ended up having to pay $13 for an ez pass because i didn't have enough money.
 tried to help an old man by showing him how to use windows 8. ended up showing him half the porn i've ever seen on my work computer.
 thought i could be a badass and jump/run out of a moving bus at 30km/h, ended up on the floor with gravel on my mouth
 played halo 4 at my friends house, won, kicked xbox, scratched disc, had to give him my copy of the game. i'm an idiot.
 i sharted in a parking spot at a movie theatre, had to take a pitstop at starbucks to clean up, and there was a line of people waiting for the bathroom.
 i fucked up by not clipping my nails and now i'm going to have to wear flip flops in fourty degree weather for the rest of the week.
 i was texting an obese, not so attractive male associate of mine, thinking that i was texting an attractive, not so attractive female. i'm still waiting to reply to the male associate of mine.
 ate taco bell, ate arby's, took a sir harrington and now i'm pooping out my laptop and phone.
 tried to show my girlfriend a new song, ended up showing her a bunch of my porn. i don't know if she bought it or not.
 hit on a girl at work, turns out she hates me and threw my burrito at me because i'm a dick and she doesn't like me.
 i knocked a mirror off a guy's car and paid him $50 for it. fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, f
 i've been using a stolen credit card to order products from a company i work for, and i'm probably going to lose my job..
 wanted to apply to a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. but i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. but i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. but i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1
 asked a girl if her sister was single, she said she was going to tell her and now i feel like the creepiest person on the face of the planet.
 didn't drop a deuce, coughed loose a small bit of dookie, got to the washroom and found a lump under my asshole.
 put headsooth on my dick, balls lit up like a london bus, had to wash them with water, sent them to everyone i know.
 tried to get to class on time, got almost 50 mph in a 25 mph zone, didn't have insurance, only got 195 for 20 over.
 went to the gym for the first time in weeks, locked myself out of my locker, had to walk across the gym in my underwear to get it open.
 accidentally sent a link to a nude photo of me to a male friend of mine. he didn't look at it, but i'm pretty sure he saw my tits.
 my 68-year old boss walked in on me masturbating in my office, and i couldn't help but feel like i was about to orgasm.
 i farted in my mother in law's new expensive chair and my entire family saw it and now i'm scared to ever fart again.
 went to zante for first ever lads holiday, got sick from alcohol for the first time, had sex with 10 girls on the beach with a pint of vodka.
 i thought my paper final was due tomorrow but it wasn't and now i'm in trouble with my professor and a new sorority. also, my gpa for the semester has to be over a 2.0.
 my grandmother didn't change to a shaped plan, i went over my data allowance with porn, she found all of my porn, and i moved back home because she couldn't deal with the monetary cost of my habits.
 bought a dildo, used it to beat people, threw it in the trunk of my car, dad took it to the car wash and vacuumed it up.
 i made a promise to my friend that i wouldn't tell anyone about what happened and now they want to finish me off because they think i am a prick.
 went on a 2nd date with a girl, she invited me over for dinner, i flirt with her roommate\u2019s mom, she leaves, i sleep in her guest loft, jizz all over her guest room bed, fall down a 6 foot drop and break a wall.
 i didn't say anything to my girlfriend, she needed to rip off some band aids to take back control of her own life, and i was one of those band aids.
 tried to make soda for my stepmom, ended up spraying everything in a radius of 40cm, then reversed the process and made soda with carbon dioxide instead of syrup.
 my roommate changed the name of my usb stick to \horse porn\ and i accidentally put a recording of a class session on it. i got called into my professor's office and had to explain myself.
 my girlfriend gave me a blowjob and her mom walked in on us and saw half of my penis. i didn't know until my girlfriend told me.
 i told a nice girl that her dad gave up on life 3 years ago and that she'll look back favorably on the time she spent with her brothers.
 we followed a convoy of 7 cars out of a parking lot and saw them all get out and they were only a large latino family. biggest disappointment ever.
 went outside for an hour a half in blazing sun, used prescription acne medication, forgot to read the label, now i look like i've been severely sunburned.
 i had sex with my boyfriend in his roommate's room and he saw my tits because his phone went off while he was in his room and he didn't know we were there.
 i didn't pay attention to which way the burr was facing on a coil and now i have to rewind it by hand and it's costing me $1200.
 i tried to show my sister's gf a sex toy, ended up showing her my sister's pocket rocket, and now i have to pick it up and put it back together.
 took a nude selfie in the bathroom, accidentally sent it to my parents on their 48\ tv while they were watching tv. now my parents think i'm an asshole.
 i had to pee in the river and had to squat over a log to get it out of my swimsuit and now i'm stuck on the ground.
 i left my music plugged in to a portable speaker at work, and it played \fuck you\ all over the place. i'm an idiot.
 my best friend and i have known each other for sixteen years and tell each other everything. best friend cheats on her fianc\u00e9 and we hang out. best friend finds out and flips shit. we sleep together.
 sang \when you're good to mama\ in the shower while home alone, uncle walked in on me naked and masturbating in the bathroom.
 i threw up in my face for the first time and ended up soaking a rug in my bathroom and covering the floor with my puke. i think the only reason i remember this is because it was the first time vomit ever came out my nose an it hurt like a bitch.
 i thought a fart was a puking fart and ended up shitting into my pajama pants while trying to puke into the toilet. it could have been avoided.
 i picked up a rotten robin egg, put it in my car, and it leaked out onto my hand. it smelled like death for a day.**
 i searched a server's book and found a stack of coupons that she was planning to steal. she was fired and suspended, and i'm out of a job.
 got stuck against a wall on the bus, tried to get my phone in my pocket, ended up rubbing my erect dick against a woman's ass.
 i pissed in a gatorade bottle, put it next to my bed and drank my own piss, then spewed it all over my pillow and bed.
 i wrecked my car, broke up with my girlfriend, and became the biggest joke in school over my minecraft playing. i'm a dumbass.
 i texted a portuguese exchange student \prepare your anus, i'm coming in hot\ and now i look like a serial rapist.
 my mom found out i was listening to porn on mysoundcloud account and found out i was watching porn on my facebook. i deleted mysoundcloud account, and she told me it's okay for boys my age to explore sexual content.
 i pooped in the bathroom at work and had to use tp to clean it up. nobody used the bathroom the rest of the day and i had to get more tp out of the closet in front of everyone to put to rest any doubt in their minds as to whether or not pooping was going on.
 got high, waited at a bus stop for the bus, got spit on by a woman and her two children while i was trying to clean it up.
 i drank whiskey for the first time in my life, got so drunk i kicked the shit out of myself and my wife tried to have sex with me.
 i closed my bank account because they wouldn't give me my federal income tax refund, which i scheduled to be deposited into the account that i had just closed.
 didn't use a hood when using dichloromethane, got potentially carcinogenic gas vaporizing in my lab, thought it was cool, got carbon monoxide poisoning.
 i forgot to lock the door in a unisex bathroom and someone walked in on me shitting and now my secretary thinks i'm a pedophile.
 went to the dump for my mom, threw away my twenties, almost flipped my jeep on the way home, and had to explain the problem to the garbage man.
 i took my fiance to a japanese restaurant on the bus and ended up pissing on the back of the bus. i'm an asshole.
 i tried to impress my friend with a zombie impression, ended up making a girl with downs syndrome think i was mocking her. i'm an idiot.
 swallowed a half dollar, it passed into my colon, theres a 1% chance it might rip right through my colon causing me the worst pain of my life and giving me a colin bag for my shit if i live on the outside of my body forever.
 i forgot to check a bag that was full of paychecks to a hub of 5,000+ workers, and i loaded them into a semi trailer in northern ohio.
 i lost my brand new samsung galazxy s4 while walking home from my friends birthday party. i don't remember if i had my phone when i left my friends house. i told my friend what happened and asked him to keep me updated if he finds it or not but i have yet to hear back from him.
 i got blackout drunk, fell asleep in my old apartment and woke up in the middle of the night in the middle of the street with my keys in my hand.
 i put a love poem in my crush's locker and then accidentally wrote \i love you\ on her yearbook. i don't know what to do.
 i wanted to try ass play for the first time, ended up with an empty izze bottle in my butt and an orgasm in my butt.
 boned my gf on the couch, her brother walked home early, saw us through the front door, she asked him what he saw and he said \you on the couch\.
 rick called in to my store, i told him i could only get $10 for a coin that's worth $300. he called back and i punched him in the face.
 wrote 200 pages of \sometimes i\ jokes in a notebook, biology teacher found them, read them to the whole class, and sent me to the principal.
 peed my pants in a porta-potty, wind ripped the porta-john open, and i had to pull my pants down to my ankles.
 didn't pay attention to where i was going, knocked a little girl to the ground and made her cry. still feel like a dumbass.
 i ate satan's very shit in my cup and now my anus has the grand canyon of its pain and i have a clogged toilet.
 tried on a dress at hot topic, fell through a velvet curtain and exposed my underwear and the back of my bra. mom bought it for me as a reward for good grades.
 fapped outside in the middle of the night on the patio of a christian family's house. fapped again in the middle of the night on the patio of a christian family's house.
 i put sweet tea in a bucket that slipped out of my hand and flooded the store. someone shut off the main water valve, shutting off water to everything.
 rolled a cherry out of my car window, it blew back in my face, it caught fire, and i spent 5 minutes stomping out a small fire in my car.
 i had to shit in front of the entire cast and crew of a high school musical. i used a filthy toilet in the backstage room. the director of the play told me it didn't flush right.
 didn't poop for a week, took laxatives, ate a lot of fiber one bars, farted a lot, asshole ripped.
 i had a crush on a girl, she touched my dick twice, and i came as soon as she touched it, and i left as soon as i could.
 flipped my shit on a girl, lost a friend, and now she's blocking me on skype and facebook and unfriending me on lol.**
 \bet you've never seen so many old people in one place\ instead of just saying \no\, my brain immediately responds with something you don't say around seniors.
 ran with friends through a cemetery, fell in an open grave and had to run 4 miles to get back up and finish the run. i'm a dumbass.
 i kissed a girl, she broke up with her previous boyfriend, i asked her to date me, she said it was still the best date she'd ever been on, i persisted, she made it the best date i've ever been on.
 tried to impress a girl by showing her my swing dance moves, ended up shitting myself in front of her, and my friends had to clean it up.
 i accidentally sent a picture of my penis to my mom instead of my husband because i was trying to turn my phone on and off at the same time.
 i changed the dates of my last work experience on my r\u00e9sum\u00e9, sent it to a lot of companies, and got an interview in a company because of it.
 i got drunk at a nerd convention, traded some mystery booze for some strega, and the guy sitting next to me drank 6 shots out of it.
 i sprayed febreze on my dick and it hurt so bad that i cancelled a dinner date with my girlfriend because she had to work on homework.
 drank too much, blacked out, puked the night away, owe a handle of admiral and left my dignity on the bathroom floor for the night.
 i tried to clean my cock with baby wipes, and ended up bleeding all over the bathroom and the floor. i ended up wearing dark coloured boxer-briefs.
 i put a pizza box in a gas oven, it caught fire, filled my apartment with smoke, and i'm now panicking that my smoke alarm is going to go off, which, were this to happen, would succeed in evacuating the entire complex, and end in me paying a large fee to the university, and probably one to the fire department as well.
 locked myself out of my car for 90 minutes and was late to pick up my kid and my gf. i'm a dumbass.**
 invented a new drinking game where you take your bottle of beer, hold it in your mouth and have to swim underwater to the other side and then finish it off when you submerge. no pool water got in and i was a hero. i got cocky and went for a return pass to the other side, this time i didn't take as much care (hell it worked last time so its a sure thing) and i think quite a bit of pool water got in.
 i set the school on fire, evacuated the whole school and sent two people to the hospital. my dad found out the next day about the people who went to the hospital.
 phone vibrated while i was pooping, dropped it in shitwater, threw it on my friend's bed, and she kicked me in the balls.
 i hit a mallard in the head with my golf ball, killing him, and almost running him over with my golf ball, which was resting near the edge of the green.
 i made an inside joke with my friends that my friend was going to shoot up my school tomorrow, october 19th, and the whole group was arrested for conspiracy to commit murder.
 got asked to bartend a wedding, got really drunk, destroyed my dad's shirt with a bottle of vodka, dropped a chunk of glass and ruined his shirt.
 farted so loud i almost puked and blasted my hand with a toilet paper roll. don't smoke or drink coffee before going to the bathroom.
 went on a date with my boyfriend, had sexy times, his grandpa walked in on us while we were under the covers, groped us, and left.
 went on a new ride with my shirt over my head. ride stopped with my shirt still over my head. got off early but didn't want to be more embarrassed.
 i mistook an ear wax dissolvent bottle for my eye drop bottle and put an ear wax dissolvent drop in my eye. now i have a dull pain in my eye.
 i went home early and got paid for 3.5 hours that i wasn't working, but my boss said it was okay and i was allowed to go home early.
 i crashed my car because i didn't want to wait in my car, but i didn't get any tickets because i wasn't drunk.
 tried to hold my dick down with my right hand to piss in the toilet, got swatted by a mosquito, dick got free and pissed everywhere.
 went to football tailgating, hot greek little sister walks up with her friend \hey bigwag91, this is my friend hotgurl, blah blah blah, she just got out of a two year relationship. she is just looking to hang out. had i not been thinking about last night (or maybe the hangover of today) i would have seen this as a total green light on hotgurl. later hotgurl is talking to me alot giving little hints that i should have noticed but i couldn't muster myself together enough to take these hints and lay some moves on hotgurl.
 tried to be keanu reeves and sandra bullock, ended up making a girl think there was a bomb on the bus, and she proceeded to tell the driver.
 daylight savings time caused me to be 30 minutes late to my first day at work, and i didn't even realize it until my boss called me.
 i threw up while on the freeway with the window open, barf came back in and hit my friend sitting behind me. she got it in her mouth.
 i got sick, took a shit, projectile vomited all over my kitchen, and now i can't find a way to get a carpet cleaner.
 ate 2 pancheros burritos in one sitting, burped and farted, butthole is gonna be a real butthole burner at work.
 papercuts to the eye, particularly of this magnitude, hurts at least as much as you'd imagine. don't ever do it, kids.
 fell asleep watching porn on my laptop, forgot to close the pop-up ads and had to show my extended family some of my sexy photos.
 i almost died at work from an arc flash made up of 480 volts of electricity and i don't know how many amps (i know it's a lot though, because it was the main disconnect for the entire machine).
 didn't use the e-brake on my car, rolled through a parking lot, almost crashed into cars waiting for the light to turn green, and left the 7-11 to probably never return.
 i didn't have the fucking gammon for dinner and shat myself twice in the middle of the night because i didn't have the fucking gammon.
 i put pepsi in the freezer, it froze, i opened it, it exploded, i cleaned it up, my hair was stuck together and my eyes were sticky.
 shaved my balls. balls couldn't handle it. bloody balls. toilet paper is the only thing getting between my bloody balls and my clean pair of underwear.
 fell asleep during my spanish final, missed the rest of the reading section, and everyone saw me with an erection in the middle of the room. i avoided my spanish teacher for the rest of my time at that high school.
 i hit a barn with a work truck, and now my boss doesn't know what to do about it. i'm a dumbass.
 **: i didn't add a checker to a system that student recruiters were using to congratulate students on their acceptance to a college, and now i'm waiting to see if my boss will come pick me up to fix it.
 i got a zit on my leg, tried to pop it with my shorts down, knocked my chair over backwards, and landed on my ass.
 ordered 70 dollars worth of clothes online, sent it to the wrong address, mailman shoved it into some tiny ass mailbox and gave it to whoever lives in that apartment now.
 i told my cousin's godparent that her missing nephew is already found. then she erupted like a volcano. then my cousin got mad at her and scolded her. now i can't talk to her.
 i told my dad that gay people can marry because straight people can't. he's ignored me for the rest of last night and i don't know if i'll ever see him again.
 i poured hot tea into a crack in a glass dispenser, flooded the kitchen and floor with hot tea, and then tried to move it to the sink.
 i accidentally kneed my brother in the berries, and now he's pretending to kick me in the cooch or punch me in the boobs.
 i went out for the first time, found a girl, made up a bunch of stuff to get her in, and now she thinks i'm a creep.
 had too much to drink, opened the bathroom door, toilet seat fell on my dick, i fell asleep on the way to the hospital to make sure my dick wasn't broken.
 don't use [this](http://www.amazon.com/unknown-daves-insanity-sauce/dp/b0007wuoum/ref=sr_1_4?ie=utf8&qid=1372962972&sr=8-4&keywords=dave%27s+insanity+sauce) at work.
 ** i fapped on an ant infested sheet and scratched an ant on my ass. now my parents may sleep in an ant infested bed.
 got a job, signed up for 401k, thought i was investing 50% of my check, turns out i was actually investing half of my check.**
 took a shit at work, boss was waiting for 10 minutes, she made a hugeass deal out of it saying she was waiting for 10 minutes (which is bullshit) and that \my mother will hear about this\. she's the kind of person that overreacts to everything and hopefully my manager will understand that...
 sent 500+ emails to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business
 published a post about the hashtag #fuckcispeople trending on twitter, it ended up being the last post of the day, and all of our daily digests landed in people's spam boxes because \fuck\ ended up in the email subject line.
 had a stroke, didn't think i was going to be out atm, mum saw jizz on my trousers, now i'm embarrassed.
 i was constipated, so i stuck a finger in my butthole to try and get it out. i'm not constipated.
 ** i love sunny d so much that i drank it all in the same day and threw up on the floor and my bed twice in the same day.
 i found my darth vadar rollerblades, wore them around my new house and now my new neighbours think i\u2019m a pedophile.
 walked in on my friend kissing his girlfriend in the middle of the room, nope'd the fuck out of there and left them in total darkness
 i forgot my nephew was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when
 i passed out two hours before a group potluck and woke up two and a half hours after it started. i was still drunk, but everyone could tell.
 i trusted my sister's three year old daughter with my pet hamster, and she put him in the microwave, causing him to explode in front of me.
 tried to shave my pubic hair for the first time, ended up cutting off some of my scrotum. it was really painful, but i'm okay now.
 dropped 20 pounds of books into a tote with a scanner in my hand. arm recoiled back up and into my face, hit my lip, and now have a permanent scar of the line of my teeth on my bottom lip.
 i saved my final draft of an essay to a usb drive in the computer lab, forgot about it and spent the rest of the day re-writing it.
 i corrected a video about beyonce being satanist and now my boss is mad at me and might try to start something with me the next time we work together.
 i ate moldy bread and spent 3 hours in the bathroom vacating everything within my system. i'm not sure if i'll ever eat moldy bread again.
 i over-filled my cup with a slushie and dumped it all over the counter and myself and then spilled the entire cup all over the guy from the counter who had to come out with a mop.
 tried to get rid of scabies by putting cayenne pepper into a hot bath. body exploded into a ghost pepper's worst nightmare. i need milk.
 i dyed my hair orange, dripped it on my shoulder, and now my penis is sticking out of my ass and i might lose my job.
 changed roommates facebook page to \penis enlargment\ and my roommate's 84 year old grandmother saw it and started crying. i'm an asshole.
 i'm hiding in my girlfriends closet because her parents don't want to believe i'm having sex with her and i can't get out.
 i had ibs and shit my pants for the first time in my life in the middle of a busy bar district on a saturday night in a big city.
 my gf and i made out in my room and my dad walked in and told her to pack up and leave. she's crying and i'm trying to tell her it's o.k. tifu
 took my flip flops off while riding a longboard, burned my feet and now i can't surf anymore on the trip i waited a year to come.
 i bumped my cup full of koolaid all over the keyboard of my laptop because i wanted to make a vine of me eating a pancake with a spoon.
 read a post on r/4chan about anon fucking up with a girl, she thought it was at her, told me if i didn\u2019t want her to sit next to me i could have said so and walked to the other side of the class. out of no where the girl said, \u201cah i love 4chan\u201d did not know how to react and kept reading only to burst out laughing at the post but she thought it was at her, told me if i didn\u2019t want her to sit next to me i could have said so and walked to the other side of the class.
 don't buy drinks for woman its against policy. don't ask a woman if she's going to kill me. don't ask a woman if she's going to kill me.
 i was drunk and ran away from a police officer who thought i was in serious trouble. i got clothes lined by another police officer and they said i was an idiot.
 i tried to light a cigarette in a campfire and it caught me in the face. i then threw myself into a kiddie pool to try and extinguish the fire.
 got high, told a girl to be careful walking home alone at night, stuck my tongue out as far as i could and scraped the ash off of it.
 i left my laptop in the kitchen while i showered, and a group of kids thought i was masturbating in front of them. i'm an idiot.
 spunkshot of the gods breaks sound bearier and overshoots the target, landing straight down my face, making sure to not only splatter into my eyes, but also grace my stupidly open mouth, and work it's way up into a splatter of messy, sticky hair and beyond. out spurts round two, only this time the initial shock of facialing myself caused me to lose grip of my ever vigilant man meat, which is now allowed to roam freely as my second blast shoots clear over my head and onto the wall behind me, and possibly on my rug, and i have to do something quickly to stop
 didn't bring my pen and highlighter to a test, had to bs 2 pages worth of multiple choice questions just to have time for to get the materials for an essay i struggled with and probably didn't even do superior on.
 pulled an all nighter, fell asleep at 2 am, woke up at 6:30 in the morning, didn't wake up, missed half day of school, will fail all of my classes because of it.
 didn't tuck my cover into the back of my waistband, ended up shitting on my cover in the toilet, then had to wash it off.
 i forgot to clean my crock pot, it got covered in mold, and i had to work in a tuberculosis clinic for nine hours to get rid of it.
 got a speeding ticket, fucked up the amount of work i had been doing, and fucked up the amount of money i was saving for a new phone.
 cut up a brick of cheese, ate it with chips and salsa, now i feel like a snake is going to find it's way to the exit at the worst possible time.
 i sent an email to every thread i have ever been a part of in the last two years because my phone failed to deliver ten emails. i am still waiting on the fall out.
 don't leave your mop and brushes in your car while you're moving. you'll end up with a car full of dirty mops and brushes.
 tried to help a customer, he ignored me, i called him a dick, he ignored me, i called him a dick, i am asshole.
 ate cheese grits for breakfast, had a bowel movement and pooped all over my laptop, pillow and textbook. i'm lactose intolerant. i'm an adult.
 took concerta thinking it would help my hangover, got black out drunk on a school night instead of studying, didn't do well on a test, feel terrible all day
 asked a girl out, she said yes, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema
 got super high, had to pee, walked up the stairs and my husband and best friend saw me in my pajama pants. now they won't stop laughing.
 fell down a flight of stairs and knocked myself out, spent the rest of the day with my head in a bucket and my ass on the shitter.
 said \careful, we don't want another one\ at someone's funeral, everyone heard, couldn't apologize, everyone hated me.
 thought i had exorcised the demon, pooped on a hot, sunny hill, had to wipe it up with my non-dominant hand.
 guy shook his snake so hard that he slung his urine over the privacy barrier - and it landed on my hand. i looked over to the guy and exclaimed (loudly), \dude, you don't have to shake your snake so damn hard that it's neck breaks. you just slung piss on me over here.\ there was a dead silence while this guy seemed to think of something to say. he mutters \sorry\ and hastily leaves out of the head - without washing his hands.
 woke up with morning wetness, laughed so hard and covered my labias with it successfully marking the poor kitchen chair cushion. today is my sister's birthday so this won't be forgotten easily.
 real estate agent walked in on me pooping in the master bathroom of a house i was looking after and i walked out of the house with my dick out.
 i'm on new medications that severely dehydrate me, didn't take note of the fact that i hadn't pooped in a couple of days, and ended up having to dig in my own asshole to remove poop pieces-by-bloody-mucus-covered-piece.
 i sneezed while brushing my teeth, clenched my mouth so tight that i thought the sneeze would come out my nose, but i'm also a little stuffed up right now, causing a backfire and unsealing my mouth.**
 had sex with ex girlfriend, dick was soft as a pillow, panicked, noped the fuck out, awkward conversation ensued. i'm an idiot.
 i didn't tuck my chin down on my last dive, got a nosebleed and proceeded to bleed all over my towel and the deck at the end of practice.
 girl and i have been friends for 4 years. i've been trying to convince myself that i'm not interested in her. last time i was in town we ended up having sex. i came back from my evening run feeling the worse for wear. she asked me to run with her. i'm not a runner.
 asked a finnish girl if she was okay, she went into a rant about how all english teachers do is rape their children, rape their students, rob their host countries, and neglect to learn the culture or language.
 told my ta i suck at reading context clues and said i was illiterate, she laughed and told me i had basically told her i couldn't read instead of saying literal.
 i shoved my hand between my ass cheeks while taking a shower and now my asshole is on fire and i can't get it out.
 i clogged the toilet, flooded the bathroom, and had to clean up a bunch of wet toilet paper on the floor. i'm not babysitting anymore.
 i got a piece of rubber stuck in my ear, tried to get it out with my sausage fingers, ended up going to a&e for 2 1/2 hours.
 i masturbated on a bed sheet that my cat had vomited on, and my cat covered up her crime with the sheet. i'm a slob.
 i said a girl sounded like an incredibly well-developed girl, and now i\u2019m probably going to have to live with that for the rest of my life.
 i pooped on the side of the road while driving with my parents and sister. it rained diarrhea all over my belongings and i am sitting 10m down the road from my disgusted family.
 i ruined a good looking relationship by drinking too much and puking in front of a bunch of people, and now i don't know what to do with myself.
 i tripped over a laundry basket and hit my head on the door frame, passed out, and got 9 stitches in my forehead. and, the next day i passed out again.
 i slammed a mosquito on a wall and yelled \welcome to america, bitch!\ in front of an international student from china who lives next to me.
 i threw my deck box on my bike, and it locked up the front wheel. i sprained my wrist, and some random dude helped me get it out.
 i was watching porn on my tablet in the basement of my parents' house while my sister and her husband were fast asleep next to me and my loud ass studio speaker was turned all the way up and were right next to my bed where my sister an her husband were fast asleep.
 i drank a ton of milk the day of a meet and took the wettest shit i have ever taken in the porta-potty at the end of the meet.
 i ordered pizza, got up to use the bathroom, knocked a vase out of the window, and gave the wrong amount of money to the delivery man.
 i tried to get rid of a skin tag on my gooch by tying dental floss around it. my boyfriend saw it and ended up having great sex with me.
 i forgot how to use fractions and ended up with twice the amount of butter in a half batch of rice krispy treats as if i were trying to compensate for putting too little butter in my previous dish.
 i tried to light my furnace pilot with compressed air and ended up with first degree burns on my face and hair loss on my arm and eyelashes. also, the pilot is still out.
 i'm on day 45 of the nofap and i'm sleeping on my mom's bed because i'm a dumbass.
 i told my girlfriend what happened in religion and now everybody thinks i'm a pedophile and i'm an asshole. i'm an idiot.
 ate high fructose corn syrup, projectile vomited all over the inside of my mom's car, she and my sister will be cleaning it up for the rest of the night.
 didn't turn on the light in the shower, used irish spring instead of soap, spent five minutes in the shower with my dick-and-balls-as-if-they-will-fall-off.
 i'm a fucking retard and i'm building a spud gun, and i'm electrocuting myself because i'm a fucking retard.
 i tried to open a bottle of wine with a knitting-needle, but the wine was filled with particles of cork and i didn't even get the fruits of my labor.
 told my roommate that he wasn't the best worker at work, and now i feel like a complete asshole and will be apologizing to him as soon as i see him.
 called sony vaio tech support instead of sony customer service. hindu guy puts viruses and trojans on my computer. sony vaio tech support is the real sony.
 i'm not a smart person. i ate my last quarter of crybabies all at once. the candy burst with extreme sour with every bite. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it'
 my roommate walked in on me naked while i was playing a video game and now i'm lying in my room feeling the most horrible i can possibly feel posting to reddit.
 tried to pick an insect off with my tweezers, ended up pulling off the insect's dick, still attached to it's female and no longer attached to it's body.
 i spilled ice coffee all over a 12 year old and his dad at 7elven and had to stand behind them in line while he shot me a look that made me feel an inch tall.
 got pulled over, went rock climbing, midget threatened a naked woman with a knife, skipped the beach and drove to my buddy's house instead.
 i peed on my friend's shorts in the middle of the night when i was scared of the dark and covered it up with axe bodyspray.
 went on a walk, didn't go to the bathroom, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had
 i washed my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass. i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumb
 didn't double check the lock on my door after taking a shower, and opened it to the outside, revealing a naked me with a bong around my mouth to my dad and the johnson family.
 i told my ex's brother his friend would make it and she did. she died 11 hours later. i'm not a good guitar player.
 tried to get a better grade by going to my feminist teacher\u2019s office hours to change an assignment, ended up spilling condoms all over her office and probably going to need to take the final in her class now.
 ate buffalo wings, shit in the bathroom, had to clean shit off the inside of the toilet as the water could only take down 1/3 of it.
 i stubbed out a cigarette on my bare knee instead of grinding it out on the curb like i meant to, and got a burn scar on my leg.
 i tried to impress a four year old by doing a front flip on a diving board, but instead i launched the diving board into the pool and broke it.
 co-worker knocked a spray bottle off a trolley into the middle-rack of a 400c/752f oven, it rolled into the oven and set it on fire.
 tried to plan a flight for friends, forgot to put down their last name and now have to pay \u00a3140 to change both of their names on the tickets.
 tifu by using my personalskype account at work, got a warning and now my co-workers think i'm a neo-nazi.
 i emailed my professor asking for his mercy for me being late to turn in an exam, only to find out that it wasn't due until thursday.
 went to my friend's house, her brother threw a house party, the whole house got trashed, her parents got home early from vacation, she's grounded for a month, and her brother has to pay for all of the damages done to the house.
 tried to kiss a girl i had a crush on, she freaks out, runs out, i don't know if i'll ever see her again.
 offered to hook up my laptop to the communal shower, vice principal thought it was a porno and almost fired me and suspended me for the rest of the school year.
 saran wrapped my friend's chair at work, got caught by the hardass manager of the three in that office, and it has already been escalated to hr.
 i got a lift home from my ex, sat in her car and found out she and her friend had been having sex in her car the night before.
 ate seafood, didn't know how bad the smell would be, tried to relieve gas in butthole, ended up with liquid squidgies.
 tried to get a bag out of a dumpster, slipped and fell in, got a nice bruise on my thigh and am about to take the longest shower of my life.
 i was told to wash a rug that had a rubber backing on it and was told it could be washed directly in the washing machine. i washed it on sanitize and it plugged the drain and flooded my laundry room.
 didn't write down the number on my voice mail, got a voicemail from a company i applied for that said they wanted to schedule a face-to-face interview.
 i fell off a skateboard, broke my arm for the second time in three months, and had to have surgery to get it fixed. i'm a fucking idiot.
 tried to rub my eye with the back of my hand, ended up rubbing it with the end of the onions as well. it burned for a bit.
 drank starbucks coffee, pissed the bed, had to sit in pissy pants for half an hour before i could go back to my dorm and shower.
 i shouted \fuck the police\ in front of my spanish teacher and almost got banned from a deli, but i bent down and apologized in front of my teacher.
 kid tries to wrestle me, i choke him, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get my hair pulled out, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids,
 didn't believe nebraska would win the big 10 title, sharted on game day in indianapolis, got shmammered.
 went to the auto parts store to get my hood fixed, forgot to fully close the latch on the hood, hood fell off and ran into a deer.
 i ate a bowl of cereal and a bowl of milk with a runny nose, coughed a lot, and threw up all over myself in the hallway.
 called a girl a lizard girl in third grade, the whole class called her lizard girl, she left school, tried to cut her arms with safety scissors in a desperate attempt to be sent home.
 got drunk at a house party, met a girl, she brought me to her place, i fell asleep on top of her and woke up in a panic.
 drank too much water, peed in a mcdonalds bathroom, got caught by a mcdonalds worker cleaning the floors, walked out in shame.
 spilled hot chocolate on my laptop, it short-circuited, i'm probably going to have to pay for a new one and lose up to 5 years of stuff.
 i told my wife i felt like death in front of the nurses at my dying great grandfather's hospital room, and they think i'm an asshole.
 i vacuumed my \sniffle\ tissues and the vacuum stopped working and my mum threw them in the garbage. i'm a dumbass.
 i pissed on an empty glass at a bar and my friend might have drank it. i'm not sure if he would man up to the truth, but im prettty sure if not him, someone at that bar drank my piss.
 i went on my first date with a girl i've never met before and ended up going to a party with a bunch of guys that i know.
 my great grandma thought i was talking about my other girlfriend when i said \who the fuck is rachel\ and now i'm single.**
 tried to pull a slide across the kitchen floor, stubbed my toe on the underside of the dishwasher, bent forward in exclamation directly into the cabinet door i'm opening with gusto and knocked the bridge of my nose in a violent manner and collapse upon impact.
 i showed my dad a photo of my erect penis, which i had forgotten to delete from my camera roll, while trying to help my dad choose a watch.
 i drank grease from a sonic cup and spit it out in the kitchen sink. i'm not a fan of sonic cups. i'm also not a fan of styrofoam cups.
 threw a glass of water at a flaming ravioli in a toaster oven, glass door exploded sending glass everywhere leaving scorch marks on hardwood floors and ruining my parents toaster.
 tried to zip up my trousers in front of the adjutant of the army, ended up with my dick hanging out and a photo of it on the desk.
 my parents left me home alone for a week while they where in las vegas, i tried to do what any teenager would try to do, have a huge party. people from different schools all over town where coming, now reddit, heres the big twist, im not really a party kid. so having some of the most popular people around begging to get 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i went clubbing and had a threeway with two guys. my boyfriend is suspicious and i don't know what to do. i hate myself and i want to die.
 i hung out with a depressed girl, she jokingly called me whore, and i put my hands on her boobs because i thought it was funny.
 thought hand wipes were the same as baby wipes, ended up with a molotov cocktail in my asshole. don't use hand wipes at work.
 got drunk in italy, puked all over myself, got wrapped up in a sarong and paid a random stranger to show me back up the stairs.
 my neighbour walked in on me with my dick hanging out of my button flies and now she thinks i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole.
 went through a round of physical therapy for my left knee. had a sore leg. applied analgesic to my sore area. got in my car to pick up my wife and my ball sack came into contact with my thigh, causing a cooling sensation on my family jewels.
 i accidentally shipped my mom a box of sex toys instead of mosquito repellent, and now she thinks i'm an asshole for sending them to her.
 didn't brush my teeth for years, went to the dentist to get a few fillings, ended up having to go to the dentist five more times.
 dropped my 3ds in the toilet and now it won't turn on and won't be able to play pokemon x and y or smash bros 3ds.
 i was carrying props for a film project in my carry-on bag, and an airport attendant thought i was trying to bring a gun on a plane.
 thought a man was homeless, put change in his coffee cup, turns out he was waiting for someone to come and give him a hot coffee, awkwardness ensued.
 i said my music teacher's husband has ed in front of her, and my friend got a splinter from the drum stick he used to piss off her.
 forgot about water change schedules, cooked 14 gallons of fish stew for two weeks, puked on my pet bird and his cage on the way to the bathroom.
 my boyfriend told me he loved me, i freaked out and back pedaled and now i'm waiting for him to come home or i'm going to have to tow his truck.
 i told a depressed chef to fuck his brains out and grab the salty sardines out of his dickhole. i feel like an asshole.
 tried to wet my whistle at a halloween party, ended up punching myself in the back of the hand. everyone is drinking \me tea\ right now.
 accidentally hit the power switch for my pc with my foot, lost about 600gb of data, still haven't gotten anything good off of one of the drives.
 i took my phone with me to the bathroom and it slipped out of my fingers and went directly for my pee. now i'm sitting here with a wet disassembled phone.
 i called my girlfriend by my ex's name, she broke up with me, but we're still together and she's still by my side.
 i tried to pee in the sink with an erect pee boner, and ended up pissing on myself and all over the sink. don't try to pee in the sink guys.
 i accidentally called out a coworker's name during sex and now i don't know if we'll ever see or hear from each other again.
 i spilled acetone all over my face, mouth, and turd cutter, and had to drink a lot of milk to get it out of my mouth and throat.
 i gave in to a barfly who wanted to do something with my hair, ended up with bleach on my head and giant chunks of white blonde at the front.
 i spilled a cup of water on my laptop in front of my entire class, and now i'm waiting to see if i'm going to be kicked out of college.
 i broke into a head shop and left my gas tank in the back of the store, causing it to leak and make the whole strip smell like gas.
 ** my girlfriend is an ex-anorexic, insomniac, full-time student writer. i read a r/nosleep post and forgot about some of the not-so-minor details.
 got dizzy, tried to slip off my panties and ended up with a muscle cramp in my undies. my husband is watching the stumbilina olympics.
 i drank coke granular, pissed all over myself, and had to call a taxi to get to a job interview i was supposed to attend at 10am.
 don't drink dieter's green tea if you don't read the labels, or you'll end up shitting all over yourself.
 left a user manual in the professor's inbox and might end up costing me $5,000.00 in scholarships and gpa stands. i want to die and i need a stiff drink.
 bought a fleshlight for my 18th birthday, used it, forgot about it for two weeks, found mold two weeks later, now have to ditch it.
 i made a sorority girl cry by explaining to her that susan g. komen is a \dishonest organization\ and that she shouldn't work with them.
 i broke up with my ex because i wanted her to hurt, and i told her about my drunken romp with a floozy. i also told her that she pulled a pregnancy scare on me just to fuck with me.
 i tried to make a psa video for an elementary school, lost all the footage, paid $250 for a data recovery service i couldn't use, and now i'm down $260
 i set my window on fire while trying to make pasta, and then set the window frame on fire as well. no structural damage, just cosmetic. i'm still hungry.
 tried to have my cat sit on my lap while i ate granola, bowl fell on his back, granola got everywhere, cleaned up with paper towels.
 called my drum major an orc on facebook because of a guy calling her names like bitch and such and now i'm a fucking idiot.
 i registered a domain name with my full name to make myself look more professional to employers, forgot about the url and sent it to a gay porn site.
 took a shit, wiped my ass, got a brown stain on my tissue roll, had to spray lynx up my ass cheeks to get rid of the smell.
 tried to help my dad cut down a tree, got hit in the mouth by a branch, ran like hell when the tree fell, got thorns everywhere.
 trusted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, shar
 ate too many frappucinos, had to poop out 40 of them before a big show, ended up half naked and covered in poop in the venue's portaloos.
 made a joke about a firefighter running down stairs in his underwear, mic got keyed up and everyone could hear it. got a stern talk from a superior.
 went to rob zombie concert, didn't smoke, got pulled over, got arrested, had to wait two weeks for my blood test to come back negative.
 ** i tried to walk between a couple and brushed a boob. they thought i did it intentionally, and now i'm in the middle of a fight.
 ] i've been on duty for 48 hours and haven't slept since sunday. i had to return to work early that night for some training in a simulator (a giant video game in a small, mobile, sealed container... this detail is important). at this point, i have been on duty for roughly 48 hours, working tirelessly with another 24 hours to go before i could possibly get any sleep. the only way i have been able to cope up to this point was by self medicating with anything and everything available at my local 7/11. the only way i have been able to cope up to this point was
 thought the light was green when it was actually red, cop pulled me over, now i have a $120 citation. i'm a fucking idiot.
 didn't clean up after anal pleasure, ended up pooping in the toilet and covered my briefs or whatever they are called in shit. fml
 i put a man up in a hotel for a night because i thought he was a victim of domestic violence, and he ended up staying there for three nights.
 i was taking walks in the middle of the night and my mom walked in on me butt-naked with the porn on my computer and asked me if i was selling drugs.
 i drank a cigarette out of a cup of tea and proceeded to puke all over the side of the road. i've been on the verge of puking all day thinking about it.
 i don't know what i'm doing, i don't know how to fix it, and i don't know what to do.
 got hungover, ate a sausage wrap, threw up 3 times, still hungover and the sausage taste is still there. i'm never drinking again.
 i spanked a girl on the ass while riding my bicycle and got arrested at the sd county jail. i am not a hardened criminal.
 glow in the dark bowling lanes made me look like i've been wiping my hands on my thighs for years, and it looked like my boyfriend came about 7 times on my jeans.
 i came out as a creep by saying ''naw, i wouldn't sit next to her'' and ''she's not interested yet''
 tifu by pointing out my co-worker had her face pressed up against my stomach and her makeup had rubbed off on my shirt. i then spent the rest of the morning rubbing my stomach, like a pregnant lady rubs her baby, trying to get this large mark off my shirt.
 some asshole slammed the door to the stall next to me and my full drink landed directly in my boxers and shorts, that were resting at my ankles. it looked like i unloaded a bladder full of beers in my shorts.
 met a girl, went out to mongolian bbq, had makeout with her, she says no each time i try to go for the boobs.
 i didn't want to be alone on valentine's day, so i fell asleep and woke up with a billion texts from a guy asking if i'd like to go on a date with him at two o'clock.
 took vicodin, poured hot coffee on fianc\u00e9's balls, scalded them, happy valentine's day, i'm a suck.
 i fucked up by picking the wrong pair of boots for a ruck march and ended up with blisters all over the bottoms of my feet. i'm an idiot.
 my backpack's zipper broke in front of my math class and i had to pick up a line of my bondage toys that was 4 feet long. i have to see these people every day for the rest of the semester and probably in subsequent classes, considering my major is math and we're in higher-level courses.
 read reddit while taking a dump, fell asleep and headbutted the bathroom door, waking up naked with my mother knocking on the door and telling me to take a shower.
 i left my shirt and phone on the roof of my car, got ripped a new one from my dad, lost my wallet, weed, and car.
 i dropped my iphone 4 on it and apple told me it wasn't covered, so i had to pay for another iphone which i had to pay for.
 i used the registrar's e-mail address as the sender of a mass e-mail declaring that all the classes of the next day have been cancelled**
 put campho-phenique on my eye, forgot to clean it off my finger, 7 month old snapped me out before i put it on my eye.
 i left my wallet at home, bought a train ticket, forgot to get it at the station, and the lady behind me dropped her ticket after purchasing it.
 i let a guy borrow our doorstop, he never brought it back, boss thought he was a thief, and the police thought i was a burglar.
 ripped my jeans in school and it looked like i was trying to conceal an erection for the entire day. also, don't wear light blue jeans to school.
 drew a picture of jesus on the back of a book, got called in to the office, and now my mother is coming in to convince my counselor i don't need therapy.
 i couldn't afford my phone bill, so i couldn't respond to my boss' emails, and he fired me because i couldn't.
 bought a cheap vac at an outlet store, didn't realize it had no attachments, bought a hose and adapter, realized it had a dirty filter.
 my boyfriend gave me a creampie and i did the largest queef i've ever heard in front of his parents. he points out a huge wet stripe down the back of my trousers.
 went hiking, fell down a hill, cut my leg open with a thorny plant, bled all over the place. two years later, managed to remove the last spike from between the layers of my track pants.
 tried to make a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing
 talked to my sister for two hours, she had a bad anxiety/panic attack, i made fun of her, she had a seizure, we went to the hospital.
 got tipsy with my bf, puked all over the carpet, got into flannel pjs and my hair was in the bowl covered in puke.
 put boner cream on my hands, jerked off, woke up in the morning with my dick peeling, had to scratch my balls all day.
 i put googly eyes on a poster for child support at work and my coworkers didn't report the vandalism. now i'm in trouble and i may be fired.
 i let my dog off the leash, she chased a bunch of pregnant sheep, and if there are any miscarriages we will be fined, and i am a fucking student.
 i put my clothes in the dryer for an hour and a half instead of twenty, and now i have a blister the size of a pencil eraser between my shaft and balls.
 i made a joke about a fake mental illness and now i'm going to be murdered because i'm insensitive. i'm a dumbass.
 trusted a fart, ruined my underwear, and had to show up late for my son's first concert of the holiday season. it was either that, or show up smelling like shit :(
 went to have a bath, didn't wash out the bath, brother's friend saw me naked, turns out my mum was calling me.**
 i booked a ticket back to florida for friday the 13th, only to find out two weeks later that i was coming home two weeks earlier than planned.
 sent my professor a text saying i wanted to get back into bed with him, but it wasn't him, so he thought it was my boyfriend.
 i ate my sister's baby shit and puked all over her newly shampooed carpet, her microfiber couch, and all on my self.**
 i got poison ivy on my hand while doing yard work and had to readjust my pants because the pants were a little tight. the next morning, i spotted the poison ivy on my hand and new it was about to get bad.
 i threw up in the bathroom while the plumber was fixing the water heater, he gave me the most awkward look and i left the room. we have warm water now.
 i masturbated and gave my dad a blank cd. he used it and found semen on it. i laughed and said \dad there was semen on that disk\.
 hooked up with my best friend's sister, hooked up with my other good friend's ex, i'm gonna have to tell my second friend.**
 i fapped while my dad was hugging me, my dick brushed up against my pants while i awkwardly maintained my crotch as far away from his body as possible.
 i tried to remove a piece of glass that stuck too well to the lcd of my phone and ended up ruining it and now i don't know what to do with it.
 i ran a 5k, hyperventilating, and pissing all over the course of the race. i finished 43rd out of 50.
 sharted on myself during a test, stained my shorts, mom came after 30 mins with a fresh pair of shorts. i'm a dumbass.
 i laughed for a solid 45 seconds while my vagina made uncontrollable, extremely loud farting sounds while i was having morning sex with the guy i'm seeing.**
 wanted to play donkey konga 3, formatted my memory card to wipe all of my save data from the past 10 years of games on the gamecube.
 didn't properly groom my pubes before a date, got gel in them, couldn't walk home with my gf because it was painful.
 i went to a party on the roof of my apartment complex with a group of people i didn't know, and one of them asked a girl if her left breast was bigger than her right.
 yoloed the fuck out of my apartment, forgot to swallow my spit, washed the entire box of dryer sheets in the washing machine, the dryer is now smoking.
 i went to a rammstein concert and threw away till's blood covered butcher's glove because i thought it was a plastic bag filled with poop.
 bent a key on the side of the road and had to spend a hundred dollars to get it back. i don't think i've ever broken a key in my life.
 i named a pitbull pup after a pony from a tv show and now my brothers think i'm an idiot for naming her after alois from the justine dlc of amnesia.
 i told a workmate to fuck and get away from him and now there is a shitstorm brewing and i fear he will get shit for it.
 i flooded a guy friend's bathroom because i thought it was a great idea to poo in a toilet that didn't have a trashcan in it.
 dropped my daughter off at mom's house. put ipad on top of otterbox to help her out of the car. forgot my wallet in the car and drove to work with it.
 i got a bad wedgie, ripped a chunk out of my underwear, now i can't walk and i'm throwing away my underwear.
 i took nude photos of my friend while she was naked for an assignment and left them on a usb drive that i didn't put away properly.
 watched a scary movie made me jump and spewed \mud\ all up my back down my legs a little on my balls a puddle on my bed and a trail of \mud\ from my bed the the toilet.
 went to a halloween party, got drunk, slapped a black guy in the face, got jumped by 3 giant black guys, woke up the next day covered in blood.
 i'm too drunk to write an essay due in six hours and i can't go to sleep because i'm too hopped up on caffeine.
 my cat pissed on my laundry hamper a week before i had to wear a white t-shirt to school, i didn't notice and wore it anyway.
 tifu by letting my cat jump on my girlfriend's desk and splash over a cup of water while i was setting up dd-wrt.
 i tried to turn off my fluorescent light without a switch and ended up shattering the bulb on my shelf and ruining the rest of my carpet. i'm sleeping on the couch tonight and i'll clean it in the morning.
 i was playing video games in my computer room, and as i was criticizing the other players, i forgot my gay friend was in the bed behind me.
 tried to paint my sister's room, got paint all over myself and my house, my parents thought i was a druggie and i took a bath in gas.
 i didn't fall back to sleep, drank coffee that was a disgrace to the name of coffee, pooped out my mug, and took a test.
 uncle asked me to do a website, i said \no\ for the first time and now he and my grandma are giving me the &#3232;_&#3232; face cause apparently [i have the time since i'm only playing games on mah computer...](http://arch.413chan.net/feelsbadman-(n1305563518441)... and awkwardness everywhere.**
 smoked the night before, couldn't sleep, found myself redditing while my friend was asleep, screamed and tried to play it off as a nightmare.
 gf made me a whole 5 course vegan meal with vegetables, and lots of quinoa. she made me a giant turd the size of a large kiwi fruit. i took out her garbage, forgot to dispose of the tongs, and left them in the kitchen sink.
 father in law installs security camera software on my laptop while i'm at work, opens laptop to install, some girl getting railed at full volume.
 had to take care of my uncle's birds for the winter, ended up killing 11 of them and pissed off my uncle's father and family.
 told a coworker she was losing all of her deals for admitting to using \that word\ and that i didn't think he meant it in a hurtful way.
 went home for two weeks, forgot about my home sim, activated internet bundle, got a 330 bill for two weeks of data usage, thought i was stupid enough to pay it.
 asked my friend for points, he used his mom's card, now i owe him 10 dollars and his mom 10 dollars. fuck borderlands 2
 i threw out about $400 worth of checks from family members and now my mom is going to lose her shit on me. i'm moving to florida in about a month, and my mom has been bugging me about cleaning out my bedroom for a long time now. i finally got around to cleaning out my desk yesterday, which is completely filled with crap. in one drawer i kept all my old birthday cards. i quickly thumbed through them and put them in the garbage. this morning the garbage guy came and took our stuff. this morning the garbage guy came and took our stuff. this morning the garbage guy came and took our
 i poured a glass of chocolate milk on my xbox while watching walking dead, then shoved my birthday cake in my face and poured the milk on the floor.
 i accidentally slapped my 5 year old cousin down the stairs after he punched me in the stomach, causing him to fall down the stairs and get a black eye and scrapes.
 i was working on a plugged-in tube amp with no shoes or gloves on and my dumb ass forgot to unplug it and i got zapped in the arm.
 i got thrown off my longboard in the rain and my board slipped and got hit by another car and broke. [it got hit by another car and broke.](http://i.imgur.com/4sgfuem.jpg)
 i spent three weeks studying for a test i didnt even know i had to take and i fucked up by thinking the answer sheet was a packet instead of a sheet.
 i wanted to kiss my friend, she told me she has a boyfriend, now i feel like a dick and i don't know what to do.
 i tore the crotch of my pants playing qb with 5th grade students and had to walk across the playground and the cafeteria full of another grade level of students to get my car keys, only to walk clear back across the cafeteria and the playground to my car to go home and get new pants.
 tried to hook up with a girl, ended up paying $87.00 for a 6 month subscription to a website i didn't even sign up for.**
 put computer analytic tools on my usb so i could check up on my computer in fears of having a bad memory leak. next day i put those tools on my school computer and they were filled with trojans, adware, spyware and more. they have to shutdown the internet for two days in order to prevent viruses from spreading on the network and eventually into education queensland's \mainframe\.
 pooped out my ass for the first time in over a month, had to call in to work to shitting so motherfucking much.
 i got drunk and drew a dick in an ikea catalog. my dad found it and gave it to the neighbor lady because he doesn't shop at ikea.
 didn't go to the toilet, thought i had a sweaty ass crack, didn't realise i had shit in my ass until it was too late.
 jar of tea fell from the cupboard and pierced my toe. went to a man of medicine to have it cut off. bled all over the place.
 i was in chemistry class, sneezed, and shat my pants in front of my whole class. i\u2019m an asshole. i\u2019m an asshole.
 accidentally clicked on a torrent of porn on my friend's computer. then, a couple hours later, he got a notification that the download was of [*pornstar name* *pornstar name](http://imgur.com/pqqcsgg).
 tried to be a good employee and fix my boss's broken website, now everything's broken and he can't talk to me about it.
 blew out my dugout while walking down the street, hit a runner in the face, he never said a word, i yelled \i'm so sorry\ but he never looked back.
 went to mcdonalds at 2 in the morning and backed into a light post in a parking lot. now my bumper is fucked and i have no money to pay for it.
 i squirted piss on my boyfriend's chest instead of cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum
 went to a pizza restaurant, ate a half-digested pizza, went to sleep, woke up to the feeling of my guts being roasted with the power of a thousand suns.
 tried to get rid of bugs by shaking my head, fell into a patch of dirt and mulch and had to walk home covered in dirt and mulch, my dog must be thinking i'm retarded.
 i voided the warranty on a brand new laptop, and now i'm fucked for an assignment that's due friday. i'm an idiot.
 didn't wash my underwear, exam is in an hour, don't know what i'm going to wear to my exam. fml.
 i thought i locked the restroom door while taking a shit and someone walked in and saw my cut up shit stained underwear sitting on the floor next to me.
 i walked into a feminist meeting wearing a shirt that said \party with sluts\ and looked like an asshole to about 50 girls.
 i thought my friend was giving a send off to his class, but he was talking about a friend who died. i called him a douchebag.
 i ate a smoothie with shit in it and had sex with my boyfriend. it smelled like shit and i was like a deer caught in headlights.**
 i got my airaoft bb's stuck in my ear and now i'm on my way to the emergency room to get it out.
 i thought a stick of butter looked like a stick of semen and barfed all over the kitchen while trying to make myself a breakfast sandwich while sick.
 i went to a party and left my wallet on my jacket and my drivers license on the ground. all of my money is gone and now i have to pay a speeding ticket i got last week.
 i took my brother-in-law out to a party and he puked in my trunk and in the backseat of my car. now i don't know how to look at him the same way.
 went for a walk, shit myself, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again.
 jalapeo + dick = pain. canola oil + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain.
 played cookie clicker, spilled water on roommate's new macbook pro, now it's in the shop for a new logic board. fuck cookie clicker.
 i broke a glowstick, tried to get it on in a glass, and it flung glowing liquid all over the kitchen and my eyes. the chemicals weren't corrosive or anything but it burned like crazy.
 i wrote a script that recursively deleted all the files on the c: drive of the server i work on. the backup software wasn't working and the restore wasn't working. the server will be rebooted tomorrow and if it's fine it'll be left as-is. if not it'll need to be re-done from scratch.
 i pissed on my own dick in my sleep because i was under a lot of pressure in a dream about my cat suing the police for pissing on him.
 i put a safety pin through my pants and pierced a hole in the bottom of my nut sack and now i have a massive pain in my nut sack.
 tried to save money by buying ice in 20lb bags, knocked freezer door open, flooded garage, threw away most of the meat for dinner, and hit my nut with a tennis ball.
 i sucked up a burning bong cherry and it went straight down my throat burning the shit out of everything it touched, coughing up blood and pink shit the entire time.
 i got a droid razr m with a new phone number. i was contacted by the woman that used to have my new phone number. she left me a voicemail stating that she turned on her ipad for the first time in 5 months, and it loaded all the text messages i sent and received from my new number. she hooked me up with the first screen shots, the last one is from my future husband who i 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932
 i was jerking it to some porn, got up to put on my underwear, went over the edge, cumming everywhere, roommate was home early.
 i stomped on a rake and got two busted lips and a very sharp vertical pain from my face as well as a tifu and a til moment.
 i watched the second movie of the centipede trilogy, it was the single most fucked up movie i've ever seen and i fell asleep soon after watching it.
 laughed hysterically at a joke in middle school, ended up whipping my head in a downward motion towards the desk where a mesh binder was placed, and spent 10 minutes facedown on the desk trying to \unbrace\ myself from the binder while the class laughed at me.
 i stomped on a route 44 sonic cup with a nail through it, thinking it was a cup i was going to stomp, but it was a board with a nail through it.
 slept on my stomach, sharted, ran into my friends mother, wiped, washed pants, chilled for an hour before going to work the next day.
 i made chicken soup with too much water, didn\u2019t follow my mother\u2019s advice of tasting it, and fell asleep. the smoke filled my apartment.
 i hooked up with my best friend's roommate and he found my panties wedged in the sofa cushions and now he thinks i'm having sex with him.
 let a lady friend join me in playing guitar hero on the keyboard, ended up shredding the shit out of the keyboard and getting my ass kicked by the game.
 got drunk on prom night, woke up in bed, didn't know what i did, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn'
 i got caught cheating on my chem final exam, got a b, and got suspended on the last day of my junior year. fuck it.
 i copied and pasted a google doc into a chat room at work, and ended up posting a subreddit of women with huge tits that they were calling udders.
 my old dentist told me i had healthy teeth when i actually had 23 cavities. now i have to pay $3700 for all of my fillings and shit.
 told a guy his cousin was hanging out in his bedroom, he found out, got mad, we did a number of shots, i don't want to remember.
 i had a weird dream where a spider landed on my face and in real life it landed in the piss-water in the toilet and i tried to shake it off.
 ate undercooked food, drank beer, smoked, got drunk, and shit my pants in the middle of the night at a campground. used someone\u2019s shampoo to wipe my ass.
 got drunk, blacked out, thought i got robbed, gatekeeper saw a group of thugs circling me, now i'm phoneless, blind, broke and scared to go outside.
 i went to work with a stomach ache, threw up in the sink, and now one of my co-workers is plotting my death as they clean my puke out of a sink.
 i left my car door open in an attempt to find a bottle of water in my car, which resulted in a paint mark on the passenger side of our minivan.
 had sex with one of my cousins, woke up naked the next day, had sex with my first cousin the next day, she climbed on me, now one knows i've had sex twice, the other doesn't think i've done it with anyone else.
 i pissed myself all over my friends couch after drinking a lot of alcohol and taking a ton of xanax. i'm embarrassed as all fuck.
 i tried to log in to a girl's computer and shut it off. she was cool about it and made it seem like i didn't ruin hours of work.
 i drank a shard of ice out of my water bottle and now i have a bleeding tongue and a taste of blood in my mouth. i'm an idiot.
 went to goodwill to buy cheap clothes, forgot my backpack, jacket and glasses are gone, and i don't believe they were stolen from my backpack.
 tried to help my chubby sister run, ended up hurting her when i'm supposed to protect her. i feel like shit and my mom is mad at me.
 impersonated an officer to get information about my sister's surgery and got yelled at by an irrate nurse for impersonating an officer and punishable by jail time.
 ate pancakes at ihop, felt rumbling in my ass, tried to cover it up by sweating and rolling down the window, shit exploded out of my ass.
 ** friend had surgery on his chest, told me he had a [port](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_%28medical%29) removed. i asked him why his hair was so sparse. he stared at me for a second, like a *gollum assuming bilbo has the ring* stare. after everybody else went home he asked me if was that obvious. i replied with \not really.\ we went the rest of the day as usual, did a quick bro-fist/daps, then went 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i fell asleep on the couch, woke up to find my brother masturbating on my computer, and now i feel like my computer has been abused.
 used anti-cavity rinse with black granular stuff in it. spit it out into the sink. black. lots of black. m'fing ants.
 i dropped a knife on my dick while preparing breakfast in the shower. it was a small knife, so i do not have any terribly bad injuries.
 i accidentally pissed on a random man and his plot of vengeance was to get in a piss war with me. i then yelled that i was sorry and got the fuck outta there.
 i left my wallet in the parking lot of a payday loan place and it got stolen. now i have to pay the rent and i feel like an idiot.
 my friends and i invented a game called \shoe surfing\ it was where you hold on to the truck bed and keep your feet on the ground whilst the driver tries to shake you off. so your in a position where your ass is about 3 or 4 inches off of the ground. i was on for about 3 or 4 minutes, then i feel the worst possible pain ever...in my ass. i scream so loud, and keel over on the ground clutching my asshole. i look down to see a stick as thick as a stereotypical black man's dick next to me. i put piece by piece
 tried to take a piss at work, pissed all over my apron and jeans and convinced my boss that i forgot my apron at home, even though she saw me with it on earlier that shift.
 i broke a china cabinet while moving it and the lady was not very happy about it. i'm a dumbass and i didn't get a good tip.
 went surfing, threw my keys in the water, car got stolen, waiting to see if it will be taken to a chop shop or not. fml.
 i put a cold hardboiled egg in the microwave and it blew up in my mouth because i didn't know its not ok to put hardboiled eggs with their shells on in the microwave because pressure will build up in the shell and then blow up in your face...
 i drank a bottle of gingerbeer thinking it was the sun, it was a plumber relieving himself in a bottle from the recycling, and i boaked.
 i dropped my phone in a puddle, and now it has a spiderweb crack in the top right corner of the screen, and i have no idea how to fix it.**
 dreamt i was using the bathroom, ran my hand over the carpet and pissed myself, woke up to find i was stroking the carpet and pissing myself.
 i didn't open the window when taking a shower and almost suffocated to death on water vapor from the extractor fan/heat lamp in the shower.
 i ate a red hot chili pepper, got it on my balls, and tried to neutralize it with milk and cream. it didn't work.
 got drunk, tried to have sex with my drunk best friend, ended up having sex with my drunk roomate, and then having sex with my drunk roomate.
 i made the mayor, a cop, a world war two veteran, a korean war veteran, and the principal laugh at a remembrance day service by saying \shit!\
 i left a mental sticky note on my phone, woke up to a call from an unknown number, and the person on the other end of the phone asked me if i knew anyone who worked there, or if i was applying for work.
 didn't want to go to class, went to the mall, met a girl i went to high school with, she clung to me to cause apparently i was one of her best friends.
 i thought i could swim to the other side of the pool, but i lost all my stamina in the middle of the pool, where it was 5m deep.
 i bumped the button on the security alarm at work and now the store could be fined for a false alarm. i'm a fucking dumbass.
 peed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker.
 shaved my pubes at work, got really irritated, applied gold bond to the affected area, burned like hell, had to wear ice shavings for an hour and a half.
 i told the dean of students that my parents are trying to withdraw me without my consent and that i'm up shit creek without a paddle because they're assholes.
 i drank a lot of rum, ate a lot of chilli con cane and vomited all over my friend's family's new house.
 knocked my alarm off while sleeping, missed my first ever college track meet, and had to call my coach back to tell him i was feeling shitty.
 forgot my keys, had to walk 7 blocks to my brothers high school in a little ass jacket on a cold chicago day. missed a test that day.
 i tried to comb my beard, ended up stabbing myself in the face with a comb tooth, then pulled the comb with such force that the tooth bent back and tore my flesh into a 1/4 inch deep tear dropped shaped puncture wound.
 i poured salt on my friend's phone and caused it to break, so i had to pay her 60 bucks for it's repair and upgrade.
 had a hot bath, fainted, hit my head on the toilet seat, hit my leg on a cabinet, now i can\u2019t put things in my pocket.
 sent sexy pictures to my mom instead of my boyfriend, and now she thinks i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole.
 i shared a greentext story about a retarded kid trying to pass through a stopped train, with my friend's son having just been diagnosed with autism.
 i was supposed to have an interview with a bank for a helpdesk position at 3:00 pm, but i showed up at 2:45 pm. now i don't know if i screwed up somewhere or whether my perspective employer got the time wrong.
 don't poop at work, you'll end up with a palm-sized poop streak inside the bowl and you won't be able to scrub it off.
 i wrote trannie on my friend's computer case and now she has to present something with her computer and the teacher is looking at my ass.
 don't drink coffee if you don't react well to it. it will make you feel like you've been stabbed in the back.**
 cut my knee open on the back of my friend's bike, left my phone in a cab and couldn't contact anyone while i was in hospital.
 i didn't want to meet up with a girl i haven't seen in a while, so i ate taco bell and shit my pants.
 got drunk, pissed my pants, blacked out in my little sister's bed, and left the house hungover with my skinny pee pants in a bag.
 tried to make pork chops with mash potatoes, ended up crushing them in my hands with a saucepan full of boiling water. i'm a dumbass.
 i tried to step over a navel-high fence and ended up stabbing my butthole, tainting my sack, and farting all over myself.
 my mother sniffed my cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice
 i broke my leg playing a game of kickball in my strength training class by sticking my foot in front of me and running back to home and hitting the wall.
 i took a monster dump, and my ass had itched so bad that i couldn't go back into class with it. i improvised and put toilet paper on the skidmarks, but it didn't work.
 got drunk on my 19th birthday, puked all over my girlfriends house, vomited everywhere in my car, and wrote a quiz in puke-covered jeans.
 i got scammed and had to pay 50 euro for a ticket i didn't have. i also didn't have a eurail pass so they took my money.
 added \50 lbs monkey chow\ to my friend's shopping list, he thought it was one of his friends from out of state that was visiting a few weeks earlier, messing with him, and called my friend's mother to complain. he was so mad, he fired her on the spot.
 my gf asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum
 plugged headphones adapter into usb heard and short circuited my laptop, now i can't watch porn or listen to music in the middle of the night.
 i accidentally showed my daughter a picture of my husband's dick while she was watching a show on the roku. i'm an idiot.
 went to bed masturbating at 2:00 am, woke up at 7:00 am, went to work, heard kagney linn carter moaning on my speakers.
 my dad had to pay some bills and he asked to use my laptop, i happily obliged, opened my laptop and there, full screen was porn.
 i peed myself in front of the toilet while waiting for the ending credits of a movie to start, and then proceeded to wet my pants and boots.
 tried to find out what it felt like to cum on my face, got it all over my eyes and now i feel the shame every time i blink.
 got drunk, masturbated in bed with my dad, told him i was nigger multiple times, now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 i crashed my bike into a gold-medal paralympian's handcycle in a race against the clock, and now i feel like an asshole.
 mom thinks i'm gay, teacher thinks i'm gay, mom thinks i'm gay, teacher thinks i'm gay, mom thinks i'm gay.
 i went to the beach, got 2nd degree burns, lied to my employer, and will be missing 4 days of work and $177.67 worth of payment.
 mom walked in and i accidentally clicked on a booty shaking video and told her it was the one i was watching. then to make matters worse i tried to click away from it real quick and told my mom [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64v_sjd3rhk) was the one i was watching and accidentally clicked the wrong video again (another hot booty shaking video)! now my mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye.
 i ate a peanut butter and banana sandwich with orange juice instead of chocolate milk, spent half an hour feeling like i was going to throw up, and took a shit.
 i got a migraine, woke my mom up, took an ibuprofen pill, upchucked acid, fell asleep in the chair and don't remember anything after that.
 laughed so hard that i spit my own coffee out of my coffee cup. it tasted a bit odd, but i'm glad i didn't spit it out all over my desk.
 tifu by cutting my ballsack with a scissors i didn't have and now i have to have sex with the girl i have been dating for a few months.
 tried to be friends with my ex, ended up making out with him while his friend was sleeping next to us, and he's been crushing on another girl.
 i put pepper flakes on all three slices of frozen pizza and they ended up rubbing against my anus and i had to wipe it with my bare hands.
 i sleep-walked and locked myself out of my hotel room at 1 a.m. because i didn't have the foresight to grab my room keycard.
 i didn't get the ladies insurance information after an accident and now i have $2000 dollars worth of repairs to do on my car because i didn't.
 went to a party, drank a lot of alcohol, brought a palm tree on the bus, pissed it down, had a cig and massage the cyclops.
 i moved my computer to watch netflix and it bounced a bit and killed it. now i can't get a job and can't fill out job applications.
 i left my bedroom window wide open on the 4th of july and a swarm of flies swarmed my room and scared the shit out of my parents and sister.
 i gave two weeks of my time to a married manager who told me he wanted to talk to me. i told him to talk to his wife. he told his wife today he's leaving her.
 i put a pad on sticky side up and my pubes got stuck to it and i had to pull it off as fast as i could to get them off.
 cut my balls with scissors, bled for a while, tried to have sexytimes with gf, ended up having sexytimes with gf.
 i tried to have the sweetest cum in the western hemisphere by this weekend and ended up having the sweetest cum in the western hemisphere the next day.
 i pissed in an empty beer cup, took a sip of it, it was my own piss and not someone else's. i'm an asshole.
 got into a fight with 90 drunk high school kids and now i can't go to college and have to come up with 1200$ to fix the damages.
 i ate too much sugar-free mints and ended up having the worst night of my life and now i'm downing all the water i can.
 i threw a pear at the garbage and it bounced off the ceiling, leaving a blue stain. i tried to cover it up with semi-gloss paint.
 i threw a slider at my elbow, and got suspended for two games by the ihsa. i'm a fucking idiot. fuck baseball.
 my teacher asked a question about a video game made in japan titled \rapeplay\ where the goal of the game is to rape girls. he then explained that it was completely legal, 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i swallowed a tampon because i was bulimic, had to go to the er because urgent care couldn't do it, and now i have a huge hospital bill.
 i may have to wait until january to start school. all of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste. the hundreds of dollars i spent on reserving a dorm will be wasted. nothing is going the way it should.
 went to a diner with my fwb, got frisky, shorts slid down my legs as new customers walked in, swore like a sailor with tourette's.
 hydrocodone and a fat toke made me hallucinate at work, and i was tackled out of my chair by my boss. then i got a lecture from my girlfriend.
 got drunk, tried to hop out of a truck, fucked up my acl, can't go to the doctor till 3am. thank the lord that i'm drunk.
 i tried to fix my sink, got hot water in my face, and caused a geyser to erupt in my apartment. the fire department had to show up.
 tried to pull off a hangnail on my toe, ended up peeling the nail off halfway down and leaving me with a pink skin rash under the nail.
 i shit my pants because i was sick and didn't know what diarrhea was and i didn't know i had a fever and a bad cold.
 i went for a run, a bird came in and ripped out a lot of my hair, i broke my arm and my step-sister drove me to the hospital.
 i left my guitar on my expensive headphones, and ripped my jeans while sitting in the sex hall with a friend of mine, who is also a guy.
 fell asleep with my crush in her bed, she didn't like it and now she doesn't talk to me. i feel like the biggest idiot there ever was
 i got kicked out of my hotel room for being a frat, and had to pay $250 in fines and reimbursing a russian lady who had filed all of the noise complaints.
 got drunk, made out with a transgender escort, found out she was an escort, haven't decided whether or not to laugh or hang myself.
 used icy-hot at tennis practice, scraped it on my ass, had to go through two-and-a-half hour practice with burning asscheeks.
 i hit on a 17 year old girl in front of a bunch of old people, and my dad told me to go out and fuck my cousin.
 i tried to vacuum the kitten room and ended up spilling the vacuum's contents onto the floor and spilling the garbage bag onto the floor, causing it to tip over.
 car jerked back, scared the hell out of my daughter, fell face first into garage door. she's fine, i'm a monster.
 i knocked a lizard off balance and decapitated it with a shovel, and now it's in my back yard with a dog who thinks it's his new toy.
 ate a block of chocolate, forgot i had an old needle on my insulin pen, cut my wrist open with my arm and bled all over the place.
 had sex with my girlfriend, didn't remember how i fell asleep, she told me i fell asleep with my erect penis on the bed and the dog licked it.
 i decided to try a zip line in the dark and ended up smashing my head into a bmw's driver side door. all in all, it turned out fine.
 i shit so much at a friend's house that it looked like a cow's shit and now i'm not allowed over and the toilet may be broken.
 my car and my roommate's car ended up in a fender bender because i misjudged the distance between my car's front bumper and my roommate's car's rear bumper and ended up bumping into it. now there are scratches on both our cars (mine got it worse), and i'm trying to figure out the next step.
 went out drinking with friends, spilled my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings for her, puked in the toilet.
 ate taco bell and a smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well and when my grandma came in, i panicked and shit my self. it wasn't normal shit it was taco-bell-smoothie shit.
 thought train was leaving, commando dived on train, ruined my clothes and friends computer, train didnt leave for 10 minutes, ruined my clothes and my friends computer
 i cut a huge part of my finger off with a broken glass measuring cup and had to cut the blood off with my earphone cord to get a band-aid.
 don't do backbends in front of people you don't know. they'll think you're an asshole and ruin your night.
 i fucked up by not paying attention on an icy road and now my dad thinks i'm lying about how shit went down. i'm a dumbass.
 stepped into the shower, found a spider under my foot, flushed him down the drain to wash away the crunchy feeling. it didn\u2019t work... it is now many hours later and the thought of that crunchy feeling is still giving me shivers.
 beagle dragged his ass all over my face, and i had to clean up poo all over a white carped from a proud dog. fml.
 coworker got lost for hours, didn\u2019t call anyone to pick her up, her family called the police because no one had seen her since friday night.
 sucked my girlfriend's clit into my mouth while she was sucking on my dick and it turned out to be a hickey. now it hurts.
 took some cough syrup, passed out and woke up with weird sensations in my muscles. can't get it out of my system. i'm a dumbass.
 don't take common cold medicine if you have a runny nose or you'll end up with a sinus infection. also, don't take decongestants if you have a runny nose or you'll end up with a sinus infection.
 i told my roommate that it wasn't possible to room with him since he's not a student manager (some weird reason) yesterday was my day off, so i was playing some heroes of newerth in the library. i get a text from my supervisor that someone has moved into her apartment that's not supposed to. i also got a text from my old roommate saying that he just got into an apartment that had girly packaging and stuff, and mentioned the room number which was my supervisors room. since i was in the middle of a game, i kept playing, and didn't respond to either of them until
 took a muscle relaxer at work, passed out in a break room, couldn't walk for 2 seconds at a time because of my unconsciousness.
 didn't check final schedule online and ended up missing my final by an hour and a half. now i have to make up my final on tuesday.
 i tried to give advice to my friend, he got defensive, and i told my friend that he is sensitive, he got very angry and left.**
 i overslept and got dinged for coming into work late and now i'm worried i'm going to lose my job because some asshole caused a crash on the only highway that leads to my workplace and so they blocked 2 of the 3 lanes of the highway and because i'm too stupid to anticipate that something like this might eventually happen.
 **: i dropped my aunt's casket at a graveside service, causing her to spill all over the floor. i'm a dumbass.
 i initialed for the automatic renewal of a personal training membership, only had three days to cancel, and now my account is on freeze for 60 days.
 tried to put cream and sugar in my coffee, ended up spilling it all over the table and trash can at a starbuck's within a stop and shop.
 didn't find a good gift for mother's day, now i feel like an asshole for not being able to find a good gift.
 i ordered a bunch of tulips on auto-pilot and they turned out to be my wife's and my mom's. i'm a dumbass.
 girl at work asked me if i was single and then said 'interesting' when she found out i was. i'm too oblivious to realise until now.
 got drunk, threw up all over my toilet, had to clean it up, mum thought i had work the next day, felt so bad for her.
 smoked weed with my sister while she was on speaker phone. she told me my dad might lose his house because he hasn't paid his taxes for several years.
 i got a pair of heelys, strapped them on, and hit a rock with said heelys, causing me to fall over my leg.
 i bought contacts at cohen's and can't get a refund because i didn't see the policy on the wall. what to do?
 i shaved the hair off of my ass and it was so smooth and radiant that i caught a glimpse of my bare ass and it was an oddity.
 i told a girl i like that she was fat and now i have to explain to her and her friend that i don't like fat girls and that i'm flirting with her.
 i left my kinky toys on the floor while house-sitting, cleaning person came and found them, i refused to come into the room for 2 days, i found some stash at the house that would put my toy collection to shame, i didn't even feel bad anymore.
 installed ios 4.shit on my dad's iphone 3gs and lost everything he needs to run his business. i'm an idiot.
 i told a girl i had a crush on that i called the cops on a group of teenagers smoking weed in the park right in front of my house, and now she won't talk to me again.
 tried to win 100 bucks by kicking a soccer ball over a goalie's head, kicked the wall barefoot in my sleep, probably broke my toes.
 i had the best anal of my life and ended up shitting out liquid fire through my asshole because i didn't drink enough.
 i accidentally swapped my housemates google account passwords with mine a year ago, and dashlane listed every single weird porn site he was subscribed to, all registered to his personal email account.
 my friend's sister hooked up with me at a club, i didn't know she was my friend's sister, and i have a small suspicion that she knew who i was.
 toothpaste fell out of a tube, i brushed my teeth with it, ran my hand through my hair, and it smelled like toothpaste for the entire day.
 ate a whole bar of exlax laxative chocolate thinking it was a square, forgot to lock the bathroom door and had to beg my brother to let me in.
 my friend bitching about his throat got him taken to the hospital and i honked the horn so it would wake up his parents and it did and he got yelled at.
 tifu by posting a vagina story on /r/tifu not /r/yaythisisawesomeimdoingthisforfunsies or made it sound hot and posted in /r/gonewildstories
 didn't brush my teeth in the dark, poured liquid detergent into a water bottle, poured it back into my mouth, tried mouth scraping and mouthwash.
 got high at an all guy sleep over, ate three brownies in less than 3 minutes, had to borrow sweatpants, slept on the couch for hours.
 went to a party, got so drunk that i couldn't walk, woke up all hungover, lost my glasses, now i don't know how i got home.
 ate a wendys snack with a knife in my mouth, went back to get it, tripped and stabbed myself in the face with the knife.
 i fucked up by saying \well god gave me two hands for a reason\ to a girl who was born with one hand and one nub. everyone at the bar thought i was a serial killer.
 didn't fuck my girlfriend, masturbated instead, got a load of cum out of my dick in front of a group of people.
 i tried to measure my waist with a tape measure and ended up measuring my hand right at my waist in front of my mom, grandma, and grandpa.
 went to the uk, got home wasted, vomited all over my clothes and bed, woke up to a sack of potatoes, took a nap, woke up to a delayed train.
 roommate wants to move out at the end of august/july, i have to give my landlord 3 months notice as to when he's moving out.
 i was groovin' so hard to the music i just needed someone to dance with. i see two blondes move in front of me. they looked good from behind, and i got a glimpse of their faces and they looked pretty hot.
 tried to fuck in my car, set off the srs sensor, tripped the incident meter and had to pay $80 to have the system reset.
 tifu by putting pain relief cream on my balls instead of my thigh, and now my balls are still burning three hours after i put the cream on.
 i wanted to go on leave from my job to complete an internship, but my field office thinks i'm quitting because i didn't complete required training.
 i failed my final and now i have to tell my boss about the fuck up and maybe have my offer declined. the job and salary are still on the table regardless of my degree. the professor is an extremely hard grader with no teaching ability to merit it. the average % in the class was a 58. i got a 54, and he would not bump me up. every professor in the department knows that him and one other professor are terrible, but they can't be pushed out. my overall gpa, even with the d is a 3.4 (i only lost about .06 points because of it).
 fell over on a bus and pissed myself in front of a bunch of people. i'm not going to get that bus again, at least not in the near future.
 ** coworker asked me to help him set up a second database for one of our apps. original version of app comes up.... no data! us: (() (()) me: \well, looks like there's no data in this anymore\ him: \...\ (trying to be a good sport about it) me: \well that's fucked up. sorry\
 i'm an idiot who didn't plan for the holiday season and now i'm down $1000 from my \projected budget\ because of the flu.
 today i said a sexist comment about how women right were a joke since we were talking about rights in social class so i got the death stare from this one girl who has a mighty wraith and i thought she was going to kill me.
 fell asleep on my laptop, opened an imgur album with pictures of a man branding the head of his penis, parents may think i'm into genital mutilation.
 i found a garbage bag full of dirty dishes that had been sitting there for 3 months. i wailed on it till every single one of those dishes were no more.
 i was fired for trying to diagnose a machine that wasn't broken, because my boss thought i was a self centered dick. not a good day.
 i pushed too hard after knee surgery, got hemorrhoids, and now i'm sitting on the softest thing i could find as i type this.
 i used duct tape to lose a few inches around my waist for a day in the heat of texas and ended up looking like i had a stick up.
 i put a trash bag on top of my head to fix my hair, and ended up looking like an idiot to a black family across the street.**
 taught my parrot how to say \help, i ve been turned into a parrot!\, he only learned how to say \heeeeeelp!\
 dreamt i was being attacked by a roach, bashed my balls with a machine gun, woke up in the morning, can't walk now.
 i left a porn window open on my laptop during class, two of my friends saw it, and my teacher is pretty sure she saw it.**
 posted an ad on craigslist to repair computers on my own time after work, got fired because my boss said it competes with our store, no disciplinary action.
 i've been driving like a fuck-up for about 2 months because my high-beams are permanently switched on, which means that every time i used my headlights, my high-beams would also turn on.
 i dislocated my thumb during a wrestling match, and the leader of the group relocated it wrong and it dislocated itself on my way to class. fuck.
 i left open porn tabs on my laptop, my mom found them, and i made her look like its hers, and me, far away.
 had sex with my gf, ex wife thought i was sex starved, i made up stories about how long it has been since we had sex, she thought i was sex starved.
 i ate a cookie that had rock hard bits in it, washed it down with melted snow, and vomited all over the floor and my pants.
 i drank too much, ate too much mcdonalds, vomited in a sink that was stuck on hot, and my girlfriend tried to fix it.
 got high, made pizza pockets, put them down on chair, sat down on pizza pockets, heard splootch sound, ass got hot all of a sudden.
 my mother thinks i masturbate while on the toilet because i reddit while on the toilet. i tell her i'm not pulling my pork, i'm reddit.
 i told my wife i shit myself because i'm a redditor and she's not going to stop giving me shit about it until i stop.
 i won a copy of the boxed edition breaking bad dvd set. the scammer asked for my email and phone number, and i gave the scammer my address, email, and phone number.
 don't play drunk karaoke, you'll fall off the stage, spill your drink all over the table, and you'll sprain your knee.
 i got blackout drunk, shit myself, jerked it, puked, fell off the toilet, and missed the tap by a couple inches. i still shudder to think of my parents walking in on that scene.
 had a sinus infection, clogged the toilet, threw up all over the toilet and shit all over my grandma's linen closet and the wall between the sink and toilet.
 i refused to play charades and yelled at the top of my lungs for them to shut up, the whole building heard it and now everybody is scared of me.
 tried to gauge the weight of my dad's shotgun, ended up shooting 3 shells of bird with my finger. i'm a dumbass.
 didn't eat anything before job interview, fainted and face planted on a copy machine, got stitched up and probably won't get the job.
 got drunk at a crawfish boil, fell into a bonfire, scratched poison ivy on my genitals, scrubbed them with bleach and clorox, screamed like a banshee rape victim.
 i added a .gitignore instead of \git reset *\, and lost a month of work because i used \git rm -r *\.
 i panicked so hard that i forgot to breath and it only had got stuck in my pharynx after all, i had panicked so hard that i had forgotten to breath and during the following stress i had tightening my chest up so it only felt like i wasn't able to breath.
 i locked my car behind me and the cat ran away. $50 dollars and 20 minutes late to get back to work and i the shop guys are offering me hammers :(
 i slept over at my friend's house and now she's getting evicted. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass.
 i signed up for a hookup site for free, forgot to click the one month box, and now i have to pay $100 for a hookup site i just wanted to use for amusement until i leave the city i'm in.
 ate fish sandwiches, gassed myself, went to girlfriends house, shit myself, threw my underwear in the sink, hope one of the 10 girls that lives with my girlfriend doesn't find it.
 bought a new stereo, pre-ordered kavinsky's - outrun album on cd, it arrives today and i realize that my stereo doesn't have cd playback :(
 gatsby wants to become bgf's (best glands forever) and i'm going to have to live with it for the rest of my life.
 i bend to pick up papers and a student comes barreling down the hall at top speed and his shoulder collides with my face. i come up and there's a web of white in front of my left eye. it's my glasses-the lens got a bunch of cracks in. glasses broken (ray ban's), teeth loose, bloody nose, and cheek swollen up like a bitch and eye a nice shade of purple under the spider-web lens.
 tried to save a dead goldfish, ended up swimming in water with my phone, spilling rice all over the floor, knocking a kettle of boiling soup over and burning my leg.
 i put my backpack in the hallway next to the door where my dog pees and now everything in my backpack is soaked in dog piss and i won't be lending out my pencils anymore.
 tried to be nice and pat a girl on the shoulder to let her know i was there, ended up being an asshole for the rest of the day.
 my friend said \bless you\ while i was watching a video about periods and i laughed like a bitch for the last 5 mins of it.
 i uploaded a picture that was considered nsfw and now imgur won't let me upload anything to my art gallery because i'm an idiot.
 ate too many mussels, had a wank, woke up with a small scar on my chin, still have a little scar to remind me of the fierce powers of poseidon.
 took a bus to budapest, got stuck in a traffic jam for 9 hours, someone gave birth in the traffic jam, and my bus driver didn't help.
 slept naked, had a dream of being shot and killed by a cop, couldn't breathe, went to dinner with my whole family, uncles saw my penis.
 peed my pants in front of a tow truck driver. dick flashed a few cars and a pedestrian. dick dribbled all over my pants.
 i went out for a run six months after injuring my knee and ended up puking and shit myself in front of a sheepdog and my new trainers.
 my roommate's boyfriend walked in on me spreading my ass apart and farting, and i froze because i didn't want to cover up.
 played a drinking game with my roommate, ended up shitting in his backpack, threw up in the toilet, woke up to smell like shit, roommate was impressed
 hollowed out a bell pepper, filled it up with water, drank out of it, spit it all over the kitchen, and it tasted like shit.**
 i used a condom on my dick, threw it in a trash can, fell asleep, woke up to my seven month old son chewing on my used condom.
 i cleaned my windshield while pumping gas, ripped the hose out, and on my way home from work today i did the same thing. i'm an idiot.
 bought a new cock ring. had rough sex with gf. ring came off and bruised my cock. gf thinks it's funny.
 my phone fell into the toilet while i was masturbating and now i'm without my phone for the rest of the day and i have no insurance.
 i didn't get in to the business school i needed to get into and now i have a shit load of student loan debt with not degree to help me pay it off.
 i broke my collarbone playing football, can't use my right arm on thursday, cross country practice is gonna start again soon, and i can't go to practice now either.
 went out with a girl i've known for a few months who i've been trying to date for the past few months. we talked a lot about our romantic lives and how we've been unable to find the perfect person yet. as the night went on, everything we'd said about ourselves was being used to describe our ideal partners. being the oblivious idiot that i am, i had also failed to notice that she had been moving closer to me on the couch (or had i been moving closer to her?).
 saved a baby turtle on the golf course, dropped him off a bridge into a pond, and now i don't know if he's alive or dead.
 i bought a pocket hose, attached it to my t-shirt, turned on the water, and the connector for the sprayer nozzle rocketed off into space - but before it did, it had the comedic decency to blast a jet of freezing fucking water right across the front of my t-shirt.
 my girlfriend and i had a drag race at a stop light and got pulled over by the cops. they were expecting two teenagers showing off, not a 30-year old couple driving home. i think they were amused because they were expecting two teenagers showing off, not a 30-year old couple driving home. my girlfriend said that when the cop asked her what she was doing, she said \flirting?\ edit: in case anyone cares, i won the race but not by much. she drives a subaru outback, powered by a 3.0 liter h6 engine, versus my suzuki esteem, with a 1.8l 4-banger.
 i responded to a guy's question with the word \sex.\ he thought i was asking for a one night stand. i panicked and blocked his number.
 fapped three times in one day, woke up to take my morning piss and my dick felt like a golf ball in the middle of my dick.
 got drunk at a wedding, went to a strip club, text my best friend \i think i'm at a strip club\... that was the last i remember seeing me phone.
 hot glue dribbled down the side of a pinata and i used my finger to stop it, now i have a piece of my lip burnt off and my finger is starting to bubble.
 watched porn at a young age, didn't know what it was. made a drawing of a naked woman. mom found it. threw it away.
 i fucked up by inviting my date into my bed to sleep with me instead of out in my living room. i also fucked up by forgetting about sex.
 ate too much pizza, ate too much cheese fries, ate too much poop, ate too much poop, ate too much poop, ate too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much
 i didn't add flour to my brownies, and now i have chocolate goop. i'm a terrible cook, and i'm an idiot.
 smoked weed with a half indian roommate, told him a joke about a doctor from r/meanjokes, he told me i shouldn't tell people.
 mixed caffeine and lithium for my mood disorder, ended up vomiting in the car on a full moon road trip with my husband. i'm a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium, such as intense nausea and vomiting. i'm a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium, such as intense nausea and vomiting. i'm a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium, such as intense nausea and vomiting. i'm a big dum-
 played smash brothers, brother farted like a demon, i paused the game to watch, he shat in his pants, dad thought it was funny.
 i left my car in a 24 hour parking lot the night before i had to retrieve my debit cards. the next morning my friend drove me back to the lot to get my car; but it wasn't there. i called the tow company that was advertised below the tormenting sign and learned they had my car. i called the tow company that was advertised below the tormenting sign and learned they had my car. since i left everything in my car the night before i had to retrieve my debit cards first, find a bank, take out $120 in cash, go back to the tow-yard, pay and get my baby
 i bought two sets of tickets to the same play, didn't get a refund for the first set, and left the oven on when i went to the theater.
 my roommate walked in on me jizzing on my bed, and now i'm probably going to have to pay for the parking ticket i got.
 i've been trying to hook up with a girl on ok cupid for a while, only to find out that she works at my local grocery store.
 i fucked up by telling a girl i found her lost ruler and now she thinks i'm a pedophile and i'm going to kill her.
 i made a paper crane, my reading teacher destroyed it, i didn't say anything, and he didn't get one for the rest of the year.
 dropped my phone in the urinal at work, pissed on it and proceeded to rinse it off. vp of the company didn't say a word.
 i got yelled at by my boss because i got one of the attachments wrong on a letter we were sending out. now i feel like an asshole.
 i was late for a train and found my flatmate's dildo in my coat pocket. i panicked and tried to smuggle it through airport security.
 i got a nosebleed on the bus and had blood stains on my coat, jeans and nose. i'm now sitting in school for half past three.
 i peed in my parents kitchen sink at night and my sister walked in at the last second and saw my pecker streaming into the sink. she dropped off a mug at the side of the sink next to me and walked away.
 i shit into a fan and it sprayed poop all over my bedroom. now i'm in the doghouse and i have to clean it up myself.
 yelled \the fucker is hauling meth\ as cops searched my car and the sheriff who's friends with both of my parents was in the car.
 i gave my mom a molly and had sex with her instead of my own mom. i'm pretty sure i'll never see my mom again.
 i called a midget a fucking midget in front of a little person and her friends. she thought i was calling her a fucking midget.
 i went to my mom's kindergarten class. a little boy thought i was a girl and hit me in the crotch with a chair. he then called me an asshole and asked my mom what \fuck\ and \asshole\ meant.
 forgot to turn off the smoke detector, management came to change the batteries in the smoke detector, took too long to change the batteries, got an eviction notice.
 ate too much for dinner, went to the bathroom, got stuck in the toilet, don't know what i'm going to do about it.
 got weed, threw it in \land before time\ cassette, got caught, grounded for 2 months, no phone, no play station, and no leaving the house.
 i let my girlfriend's cousin live with us for two months, he moved to the city and needed a place to stay. he lived with us for about two months, in that time he got a job he was paying us rent, covered his own food and bills, found a girlfriend for himself and was really getting his life together. i came home from work and noticed that we had been robbed.
 used orajel for sexy times and ended up burning the shit out of my nether-regions and not getting a good night of sexy times.
 i peed on a drain stopper and it went down the drain and i had to pee my own pee to get the stopper up and out of the way.
 i let my hairdresser cut my hair and now i'm bald and shiny. i also have to go to work with the rest of my hair shaved.
 i shaved my pubic hair, forgot i have a physical during christmas break, and now it looks like i just have short hair. i think it will be very awkward.
 applied for transfer to my top choice of college. did all the visible steps and paid money, which then brought me to a confirmation page that i had completed everything. weeks pass and i get accepted to all the colleges but my top choice, which i hadn't heard anything from. it turns out there was one step i didn't finish, but guess what, it didn't tell me that when it said i had completed everything. it lied to me and completely ruined my chances to get 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i fell off a wall on my first date, vomited all over my date, and had to perform in an hour of a play i was in.
 i wore pajamas to a sleepover and jizzed on my dick while sleeping next to my 6 year old sister and my mom and 18 year old cousin.
 i ate a bag of chicken patty's that i had never had before and now i can't leave the toilet because a geyser is erupting from my back door.
 ate a weird looking chicken sandwich from wendy's, had to take a massive shit, had to hold it in, shit all over my toilet.
 decided to make a rope swing on a branch. branch held its own. decided to haul people to the top like a pulley. branch gave out on me.
 don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick. also, don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick. also, don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick. also, don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick.
 i spilled a glass of grapefruit juice all over my netbook and floor, and i had to tear it down to clean up the mess. it works fine now.**
 my friend asked me to create a banner for him with midget porn, comic sans, and rainbow colors. i didn't take it seriously and recreated the world's worst banner in photoshop. he didn't even look at it and presented it to his teacher.
 i forgot to lock the bathroom door, my mom walked in on me holding the shower head to my clit, and i turned it to the hottest setting.
 i went to a party, got wasted, kissed a girl that i didn't know was into me, and now she thinks i'm an asshole.
 girlfriend left a bottle of what looked like face wash, i washed my face with it, forgot it was vagina wash, and now she thinks i'm an asshole.
 friend gave me a computer that won't boot up past a certain screen after cleaning it. he didn't tell me it wouldn't boot up.
 showed my son my music collection. he liked it. i started aphex twin - come to daddy. he cried. i instantly stopped the music.
 i gave my debate coach my laptop and he opened it up to see the debate tournament brackets, and i made some edits to my speeches based on them.
 i thought i was cleaning a door, but i was actually cleaning a guy's dick. i'm a dumbass and he's a dumbass.
 shat myself while waiting for the bus. the shat was a mix of ass and glade. i stuffed it in the washer for 50 mins.
 got drunk the night before my wedding, passed out in a taxi, woke up in the morning in my bonjour-suit and a 3000 dollar bed.
 got into a fight with a friend, punched him in the gut, and kicked him in the face. exchange student looked at me like i just shot his dog.
 i put cum wipes in a bag of pork rinds and my grandma mistook them for semen tissues and wiped them on her dress the next day.
 read a comic, opened a new tab, freshman thinks i look at hentai, everyone now thinks i look at hentai, i am sure that he did not believe me.
 got a shave, drank a lot of jack daniels, woke up in the tub soaked in it for two hours, had to reschedule a job interview.
 tried to hit a golf ball into a field with an old golf club and ended up giving my legs and arms a sponge bath because i got into something that made my legs burn and itch.
 slept naked, peed myself, bled all over my hand, had to walk half a mile to the bathroom with my left hand cupped between my legs.
 bought a balloonicorn, went to my friends' house, slipped on monkey bars, hit my bottom teeth on one of the step-bars, dad thought i was gay.
 i didn't feed my cat, she jumped on the plumbing behind our washer, which pumped water straight onto our attic floor, causing it to start the auto destruct sequence of our house.
 i peed in a liter bottle in the kitchen sink and it exploded all over my face, keyboard, bed and desk in the middle of the night.
 i had to turn down sex with the bf last night because my foreskin was hurting, woke up horny this morning and it still hurts.
 dad farted in my ass, i farted in his ass, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i far
 tifu by stroking my cat's penis with my toes while my wife and i were watching our favorite tv show on the ipad in bed.
 didn't pay attention to which bottle i grabbed, took a swig of a spitter and lost the contents of my stomach in the ditch.
 i got too drunk, lost my phone, keys, and access card, and spent the rest of the day tearing apart my room trying to find them.
 i broke up with my girlfriend of a year because i said \maybe it's just time\ and now i feel like a complete asshole.
 i wore a buttplug to class, it slipped out of my shorts and i had to hide in a stall for a good 10 minutes before anyone noticed.
 tifu by screaming \fucking faggot\ into my mic in front of my impressionable kid sister and her openly gay piano instructor on a friday night.
 i told my mom my aunt's favorite song played on a snow globe that my mom bought for her and i felt like crap because i could have stopped them from getting it.
 i'm in junior high, i have a crush on a girl, some of my friends are cracking wise-ass jokes about her, she thinks it's directed to her and her friends, her twin sister thinks it's directed to her, she threatens to go to the principal if she mentions her name, i make a point, she deletes the thread.
 i found a picture of an anime character in an indecent position and my family walked by my room with it enlarged on my screen and i was oblivious to this fact.
 i said \abort the mission\ in front of my pregnant teacher and everyone in my class thinks i'm an asshole for it.**
 had a bj dream, shot it into my favorite boxers, woke up to an orgasm, threw the cum-soaked boxers out the window.
 my building is running new internet cables and have been in my building for a few weeks. today i came home to find my and all my neighbors doors wide open with dudes running from one room to another.
 took my car to the dealership to get a fluid change and a fuel filter change, only to find out the floormat was jammed under the gas pedal.
 i let my dad borrow my jeep. he locked the door and i had to spend four hours crawling all over the inside and outside of it to get it open.
 went to shit at work, pissed all over the floor and back of my pants, can't go back to my desk because i live too far away.
 i got high and deleted a kid's files on the school's shared drive, then wrote html code that said \damn dude, that blows\ and had a sequence of images of kids who went to our school and said \so who was it\ in red letters.
 i gave a hamster a heart attack and it died in my sleep, and now my class thinks i'm an asshole for saying it was my fault.
 ** i said i wanted to be a hitman or assassin and now the principal wants me to get a mental health evaluation and i don't think i will be able to stay in school.
 i didn't tell my wife that my mil decided to change the water in our koi pond and now all the fish are dead and we have to buy new fish.
 [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bf-8uc07pu) made me take a poop on myself and i ruined my favorite boxers
 went to donate blood, ate some shitty macaroni and cheese, drank some bourbon and ginger, puked in the toilet, flushed in the toilet.
 i tried to be god and reset the kitchen lights. they exploded and shards of glass hit me in the foot and i had to remove the caps with pink pliers.
 i went to my first meeting ever, only to find out that it was chaired by one of the most famous professors in the country, who is also my supervisor-to-be.
 left my headphones in my pocket, they fell on the ground, and they were gone before i could get them back. i'm a dumbass.
 so wanted a metal thermometer in the pee-hole, i was too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to
 ate too much sweetcorn, had to catch a coach to play in a concert, couldn't poop for hours, had to poop on stage.
 went to church as a kid, thought people were trying to get closer to god, screamed \put down your hands, you're never going to reach god!\
 ** my son puked all over me and my beard, and i had to clean it up with soap and water. it's still there, though.
 tried to convince a guy that he could drink the hottest sauce in the store, he ended up choking on it and developing blisters on his tongue and throat.
 got a guitar pick stuck in my ass, squirmed around in a chair with my hand in my ass, and then pulled out a guitar pick.
 found a 20$ bill on the ground, thought it was my 20 bucks, turns out it wasn't, and i'm broke on my birthday.
 gf and i went to the beach for the first time, i didn't take any weed or liquor, and ended up with a weird poke in my back.
 my boyfriend left the hob on in my flat, someone set their flat on fire, i came home to a smoke filled flat and burn marks on the wooden surfaces around the oven.
 went to help a hot chick move. shat in a dresser. ran her over with a couch. zyklon.b looks like laughing gas compared to what i'm packing.
 met someone through friends that i got along well with. they're engaged and i've been in a relationship for over a year. we decided to meet up and see what happened. we both know that nothing will come from it. i can't do anything with my so without picturing them instead and it's driving me crazy.
 i got up late and missed my wife's meeting with her supervisor. she will most likely be written up and lose her chance to get to the next position in 6 months which she was on track to do.
 tried to lube my legs with axe, ended up making orgasm noises in a public washroom and was late for class. i'm an idiot.
 i didn't tighten my front brakes, flipped my bike over a car and scraped my knee off a wall. no one was hurt, just me looking like a tit.
 i fucked up by showing too much interest in a girl and now she might be backing away from me. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i wore an alpaca sweater around my waste like it was 1985 again and got the fuck outta there. i'm a developer at a large financial company.
 my friend became a racist over the past five years, i didn't know, and almost got us killed. i'm still dealing with the aftermath.
 i left my pants on the floor of the bathroom while taking a shower and a spider crawled out of my pants while i screamed and threw my pants on the ground.
 used shampoo as lube, ended up with a bloody canyon in the tip of my penis, and now i'm afraid to fap in sanctioned areas.
 i laughed in a kid's face about his father trying to kill himself, got sent to the principal's office and he didn't believe me.
 played tears in heaven by eric clapton, got asked how to play guitar, replied that it can't really be summed up into one sentence.
 **: sent a pic of the ol' ween to my boss's appleid and now i'm waiting for his wife or kids or grandkids to see it.
 got wasted in amsterdam, went to a hooker's cabin, ripped off my condom, went for a piss and ended up filling it up with piss.
 didn't wipe enough, cut my butthole open by toilet paper, now my anus is so much a wuss that it got cut open by some fucking toilet roll.
 i brought my friends down the street to my uncles house and ended up vomiting all over my grandmothers ashes and my friends are vomiting through out the house.
 tifu by letting a drunk woman into my car and giving her all the change i had to buy her some 'ciggies'. i'm a frugal bastard.
 i wiped my bottom with toilet paper that was red. it didn't hurt, but it took a few wipes to get it clean and perty.
 i'm an asshole who burned a lady's ass with warming gel and now i think i'm a real asshole.
 tried to impress my friends with my culinary skills, ended up cutting my thumb open with a kitchen knife and clipping the tip of the thumb nail on the cutting board.
 i itch my nose with my shoulder, fan out a bag with my hands, and my shoulder decides to jump up directly into my nose, more or less punching myself in the face.
 don't trust a fart when you have the flu, and don't trust a fart when you're in the throes of funk.
 i flipped open my test booklet thinking it was section 3 of the sat, but it was section 3 of the december test, which i can't go to college for.
 i thought my puppy was chewing on the remote, turns out it was my dad on top of my mom, and now i'm scarred for life.
 went on a one night stand with a hot guy. woke up naked in the hallway of the hotel i was staying in. tried to use the bathroom in the wrong room.
 my brother and i tried to steal my neighbours scooter, ended up chasing her with a machete while she was house sitting for a week, and now she probably won't even open the front door.
 customer dropped 2 liter of sprite between dames legs. 2 liter of sprite erupted directly under her. could go viral with the video but i love my job too much.
 fell asleep in class for the first time, woke up to everyone pointing and laughing and the teacher throwing paper wads at me saying \hey sport you got some z's above your head\
 i posted a funny comment on askreddit and didnt get reddit gold i asked politely for ppl to give me reddit gold and i didnt get it now im sad
 asked a pregnant woman when she was due, she thought i was pregnant and i got fired. i'm a dumbass. i'm an idiot.
 tried to help my friend get a job, ended up yelling at her for being a stupid bitch, and now i'm teaching her how to lie to get a job.
 my friend hit a squirrel in the eyeball with a golf ball and i had to throw it into the bushes to keep it out of the middle of the tee box.
 had a shit, went to the bathroom, wiped my ass with the same hand i was wiping with, had a panic attack and pulled up my pants and gtfo.
 i peed all over my foyer, and my computer is right next to the place it all happened, and my family is going to be pissed when they get home.
 didn't wash my windshield, hit a guy with my car, he made it out of the way, and i met my best friend i hadn't seen in 6 months.
 never masturbated without lube, got a warts virus on the tip of my dick, can't get rid of them without freezing them off, might have to stop sexy time with a girl i just started hanging out with.
 tried to hide sleepy boners from my manager, ended up getting fired from my first job after 2 years of trying to make it in the job market.
 peed in front of the post office. got caught by two women. call off work for the rest of the day and try to forget about it.
 tried to scare my friend, got punched in the eye by a 15 year old. let her take a picture and now everyone knows i got a black eye.
 i bang two glass bottles so hard against each other that one explodes like a rupert drop. i didn't end up with any serious wounds.
 i listened to a song about going back in time to spend more time with a loved one who you didn't get to say good bye to.
 tried to be funny to an audience that's too high and mighty for comedy. fuck reddit. fuck dickbags. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit
 i forgot my keys, ran back into the house and took my dad's car keys. he shows up to work two hours late and almost gets fired.
 i borrowed my dad's car to work, the bottom of the car fell off and now my dad's new dodge dart is probably going to smell of shitty wok for the rest of its life.
 boyfriend and i went to his brother's house to shower together, got caught by his sister-in-law, and now she won't talk to us.
 i jumped out of the way of a pump-cart, knocked the steering apparatus out of the way, and it turned right at me and punctured my foot.
 got drunk, went to a hot girl's place, pissed myself on her couch, no info, just scrammed. i'm a dumbass.
 i got a cat in my apartment and now i have to get rid of him or they will take action and i'm not sure if they'll let me keep him.
 went on a long walk/jog in my toe shoes, tore a huge blister and had to get it stitched up at the urgent care.
 i burned a hole through my deck because i didn't pay attention to what i was doing and didn't realize it was burning until it was too late.
 boyfriend thought i was proposing to him, turns out it's the charging port to his phone charger. i'm an idiot and he's an idiot.
 bought new windscreen wipers. wiper arm fell back down. windscreen smashed. \u00a380 new windscreen. wipers suck. i'm a dumbass.
 i tried to fart vodka into my asshole, straw ripped my asshole open and now my asshole screams when i take the bottle out.
 i got sick, ate pizza, vomited all over the tub, and farted all over my underwear. i'm pretty sure i'll never eat pizza again.
 tried to pee on an airplane, bathroom shakes, urine everywhere, air hostess comes to give me my food, all my pee leaks out on her shoes.
 met a girl a while back, asked her out, she told me she had a boyfriend, we met up as friends, awkwardness ensued, i feel like i've just made a good friendship incredibly awkward, i don't think i can ever speak to her again, and if we do, it won't be the same as before.
 went to buy a t-shirt in the dressing room, ended up going to the er to get my shoulder put back into place. while the doctor was coming in to put my shoulder back into place, i was taking my shirt off so he could work better. they shot me in the ass with anti-inflammatory / pain medicine, prescribed me some vicodin, and sent me on my way.
 got pulled over for having weed in my car, didn't pull over quickly enough, cops thought i was a drug dealer, got away with it.
 i tried to catapult frogs off a drain with a 2x4 and ended up in the hospital with 10 stitches and the realization that catapulting frogs is not the best idea.
 i tried to flirt with a starbucks counter worker and ended up dropping my keys on the counter. now i have to call my room mate to pick them up.
 i wore a t-shirt with the word coon all over my chest in a cruise ship with 50% black people and got mistaken for a racist.
 i left a fake graveyard decoration in my lawn for a few days and it ended up blowing over to my old neighbor's house, where he fell and died.
 wanted to tell my mother in law that i don't want her eating the hot pockets without asking first, but ended up asking her if she had any.
 bought a futon online, forgot the delivery date, had to take out the soa-bed to make way for the futon, now the floor is super hard.
 drank half a bottle of eye drops in 3 seconds, threw up for 12 hours, got the kid back a year later, and still have a headache.
 i fucked up by not knowing what i was doing, and getting a call from the cio at 5:30 in the morning to say the website is down.
 i cashed a paycheck that was on a hold for a week and ended up with nearly $200 in overdraft fees. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i left a package of bacon in the batter of a scones, and everyone in my culinary class got sick, one girl cried, and i hope i passed the lab.
 got drunk, didn't put on my glasses, went to the bathroom naked and took a piss while staring at a figure in my living room playing video games.
 i posted a fat person meme at work and offended the fat guy in the office. now i'm waiting for hr to talk to me about it.
 ate a chilli, snorted an ass bogey, didn't wash my hands and pee, and now i'm in deep uncomfort.
 dad asked me to help him kill weeds and shit, i sprayed the whole lawn with weed killer. he mowed the lawn before hand too, so the fact that he did it all for nothing made him a teeny bit angrier.
 my dad and i went to rent a movie in the wrong car, the guy who owns the car saw us, called the cops, and my dad was in handcuffs.
 sniffed my wife's panties, smelled my wife's panties, now my wife's panties smell gross to me and i can't stop thinking about her.
 i used an old android phone as an ip camera and my family thinks i'm a peeper because i'm a horny 16 year old.
 i went for a long run and shit in a hedge in the middle of the back yard of a friend's house. i'm an idiot.
 ate a bag of vitamin fiber gummies and now i have a giant red ring on my ass.. i'm a fucking idiot..
 i told a girl to loose weight, she forgave me, i joined the navy, she fell for me, now she is pissed at me and wants nothing to do with me.
 pedophile husband walks in on me fixing his wife's internet at her house, and i tell him i'm at her house fixing the internet for her pedophile husband.
 i shook a bottle of vanilla coca-cola next to my girlfriend's bed, she opened it, and it spilled all over the floor and her clothes.
 i met my aunt for the first time since i was a kid, and she asked me a bunch of weird questions about how to say my name properly.
 i threw a tennis ball at my neighbor's dog, he ran into traffic and was run over by a semi truck. i'm a terrible person.
 tried to pet my cat, he ran into a tree, got hit by a car, his leg was ripped off and he bled out behind the tree.
 i put my dog in a kennel, he shat all over the bottom of the kennel, i had to shove the kennel across my deck and down the stairs to get it out. the bottom of the kennel slides out and rockets dog shit down the stairs, all over the stairs and onto my shoes.
 ** i showed a picture of an african baby being buttfucked by a monkey in front of my class. everyone was cringing and i was in tears.
 i flexed my dick muscle during a massage and it looked like a costco hot dog flailing around, wondering when *it* was gonna get rubbed down.
 i pressed ctrl+shift+t to open a new tab, but accidentally pressed ctrl+shift+t instead, opening the recently closed tab.
 used my personal computer to skype at work, forgot my displayname and picture to accompany it. boss is pissed and hr might want to talk with me.
 pulled an all nighter, went to mcdonalds, got mad at the manager, had sex with my girlfriend, and then went back to sleep.
 i was home alone, played games, ate junk food, shaved my ass and now my crushes contact thinks i'm an asshole.
 got drunk, puked all over my bed, woke up in the morning with the worst hangover of my life. puked all over my bed, woke up in the morning with the worst hangover of my life.
 i ate too much fiber gummies and now my stomach is making noises i've never heard before and i'm in the fetal position in the bathroom.
 i took a massive shit, clogged the toilet, and ended up with my hand covered in feces and urine, all in the span of a few hours.
 [1] tried to raise a bar to get a rope out of the way, ended up hanging 20 feet from the ceiling and got ropeburn from my hand.
 i poisoned my dog with half a bag of semi-sweet chocolate and now i'm stuck in a house that smells like shit and my dog is keeping me awake.
 i got jalapeno all up in my nose, squirted milk from a baby boodle to cure the pain, and my milky-fire-snots have not stopped!
 didn't wear shoes, walked barefoot into a completely empty building, bled all over the carpet and tile, and had to clean it up with paper towels.
 i let out an \i love you\ to my girlfriend after she told me that she didn't want to be my girlfriend anymore. she told me to go fuck myself.
 i'm white, i don't tan, i'm allergic to the sun, and i've been making my body destroy itself for the past 2 years.
 i told my step-dad he didn't fuck with perfection, in front of my parents, and now i feel like an asshole.
 blasted \3 way\ on the overhead speaker of a nursing home, with about 20-30 seniors in the room, while trying to listen to lonely island radio.
 i got hershey squirts and now i feel like i'm about to shit myself, but i didn't shit myself and i didn't shit myself.
 ate indian food, had a stomach ache, took a fart, shit all over the back of my pants, had to piss in my roomate's dog piss.
 tried to fap to the love of my life while she was sleeping, she jumped out of bed crying and went to sleep with her sister. love of my life isn't sure she wants to be in a relationship anymore.
 i used a short-tunneled blow dryer and it ripped a huge chunk out of my hair and now i'm going to have to regrow it.
 tried to make salsa, burned my vag with hot peppers, poured ice cold milk on my vag to stop the burning, now trying to figure out who i can push the rest of the peppers onto.
 i let my 7 year old sister drive a go kart and she crashed into her friend's dad's porsche. i felt guilty as fuck.
 my mom thinks i'm having sex with my boyfriend because i closed the door to my room while we were redditing and the tv was in the background.
 i ignored my stomach pains and proceeded to have the worst diarrhea of my life, had to clean myself up with a sheet of paper with my name on it, and ended up looking high in the shower.
 i asked a 25 year old-college graduate to watch my kid for an hour and he ended up breaking my 5 month old dog's leg. i now have a dog with a broken leg that i can't afford to fix.
 met a friend for the first time, sat in his car eating ice cream, got pulled over by the cops because they thought i was a creeper.
 wished a girl a happy birthday on the same day as her twin sister. she didn't respond, and i'm still waiting for her to respond.
 fapped in the tub, passed out, floor is wet, family thinks i'm ok. fuck rum and coke, don't fap in the tub.
 i went to ybor with a group of friends and got really drunk. ended up getting into the car of one of my friends with a girl he had been having relations with. i can't hear what i am saying and my last clear memory is making out with maya and robert saying \what the fuck dude\ skip to this morning and i am still a little drunk.
 i kicked my mother's laptop off the edge of my bed, woke up my grandmother, and now she thinks i'm a pedophile.
 i farted twice in front of a bunch of girls and now i'm waiting for the bus to go home. i can't take the embarrassment anymore
 i got drunk, went for a run, got lost in the middle of pennsylvania and had to wave down cars to find my way back to the hotel.
 superglued my phone to the countertop of the place i'm renting, leaving a big rubber skid where the glue made contact. tomorrow, i must google solutions for cleaning krazy-glue from the counter without damaging it.
 i used hair remover on my nipples, broke my knuckles, and now i have itchy nipples, itchy ass, and two stinging knuckles.
 i got my finger stuck in a target basket and had to have the fire department come and use medical scissors to get it out. i'm an idiot.
 i dropped a salmon and splashed hot olive oil on my hand, resulting in a very painful burn on my hand and a very bad taste in my mouth.
 i sent my ex a .psd file with all the layers not flattened, and the truth came out that i tried to manipulate her. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from texts. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from texts. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from texts. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556
 tried to have sexy time with my girlfriend at my parents house, got caught by my sister and now my parents may be worried about me having a girl at home.
 bought an iphone on craigslist, owe $500 to sprint, they won't take him off the phone without him paying his bill, and i have no way of contacting him.
 i gave a guy my address and he got lost and i yelled at him because he didn't bring a gps while i yelled back at him saying it wasn't my fault for him not to know where i am because i gave him my address.
 met a girl, asked her out, didn't do anything, now she thinks i'm some kind of special needs guy (possibly when it comes to women).
 my friends sexted a girl from my phone and my dad found out and threatened to report me to the police and the school. i freaked the fuck out.
 my dad walked in on me having sex with my boyfriend and i'm pretty sure we're never going to speak again now that he walked in on me balls deep in my boyfriend.
 went for sexy time in the woods, made eye contact with an old lady and an old man, got orgasmed by my boyfriend, and got mosquito bites.
 my kid stabbed me in the leg with a knife and i chiseled it out with another knife. now waiting for emergency services with 2 knives in my leg.
 i'm a stickler for rules and i'm gonna post a past fuckup on thursday and hashtag it bitch tbt! i'm just gonna say that if i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt! i'm just gonna say that if i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt! i'm just gonna say that if i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt!
 thought i had broken my neck, ripped a muscle in my neck, couldn't move my head, went to hospital, still can't move my head.
 tried to clean cat's ears with q tips, cat head-shaked and shit in my eye. doctor told me i'd be okay.
 i snapped my bf's mouth shut with my arm during sexy time, he had a lot of trouble with tooth pain so it was pretty much the worse place to hit him.
 crayons slipped out of my apron and melted on everyone's clothes in the washer. i'm a dumbass. i'm an idiot.
 i sent naked pictures of myself to my fwb, and my teacher now thinks i'm an asshole for sending naked pictures of myself to my fwb.
 my landlord and maintenance guy walked in on me farting and moaning while i was waiting for them to come in and take a look at my apartment complex.
 i left my car unlocked for one rainy day and everything got taken out of my car, including my 160gb ipod, gps, charging cables, and mount.
 got drunk at a soccer game, stumbled through a sea of people, swore at a police officer, projectile vomited all over my principal's desk.
 chopped up a chilli, didn't wash my hands properly, got it on my fingers in front of my gf, and now she thinks i'm an idiot.
 i mowed down a bullfrog and then slipped in the frog's remains and pushed my new mower into the lake. i'm a dumbass.
 i said \gosh, that is soooo gay\ to a lesbian in front of her entire class and made me feel like the most bigoted ignorant jackass.
 i got piss all over my socks and trousers because i thought the window cleaner was going to start at the front of the house, and he didn't.
 shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood
 brought a gas mask to school, cops thought it was a bomb, i got a high five for being awesome enough to own a gas mask, and they gave me the can filter back after school because they didn't want someone else thinking it was a bomb.
 i reset my computer to factory setting and now i have a four page essay and a resume that are due tomorrow and i'm in a shitty mood.
 i left some eggs to boil and forgot about them for 2 hours because i was playing gta san andreas. i started to smell something burning but didn't get up so i closed my window. two hours had passed and i finally figured it was something inside my house. two hours had passed and i finally figured it was something inside my house. the smell of burnt *something* is filling the house and i run downstairs, half expecting to see a growing fire in my living room. thankfully it's just the eggs, and i was able to open up all the doors and windows as well as turn on all
 i spent a day in the sun, got sun poisoning, tried to exfoliate my back with a soft brush and ended up dripping toner all over my back.
 wore too many layers on a hot day, got heat stroke, threw up 3 times, slept in the bath, woke up and threw up in the water.
 watching black butler, dad walks in and says \the fuck kind of porn are you watching?\ and walks out. now my whole family probably thinks i watch hentai.**
 i wrote a \if you'll eat me you'll surely die\ riddle on a customer's order receipt, and got fired for it.
 i threw a rock at a tree, it fell and burst into a ball of bees, tripped and fell face first onto a nest of ants and got stung by two bees.
 i used nair in my asshole, didn't wipe it off, and ended up with a giant smear of hair, skin, and blood.
 i decided to be superman and open my computer's heatsink to fix a memory problem, cpu came off with it and i had the nerves to think \wait what?... there's on cpu in here... uhhh what the hell could this mean?...\
 i fucked up so hard on the first day of work that i spilled about 3/4 ths of the utensils supply on the floor, causing a huge ruckus.
 i failed my driving test because i hit the curb with the hubcap of my instructor's car and he drove me home. i forgot to tell him and he left me a voicemail telling me to call him back.
 i didn't check the \main campus only\ button when registering for classes at the university of new mexico and now i'm going to have to ride 40 miles a week to and from school.
 got drunk in ecuador, lost my iphone, couldn't get to the airport, had to pay $1100 for a 1.5 hour flight back to canada.
 fuck dog shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, f
 i was sick, had explosive diarrhea, drank too much tea, and ended up giving myself explosive diarrhea for the next 3 days. i'm an idiot.
 ate a strawberry banana smoothie at mcdonald's, drank 2 hot & spicy sandwiches, went to wal-mart to buy game of thrones, made a bee line to the bathroom where the most fiery, painful liquid-esque shit i've ever produced in my entire life poured from my nether regions.
 spread my pussy lips to show my boyfriend what a yeast infection looks like. he didn't think i should go to the doctor and didn't want to have sex tonight.
 i got drunk in china, my friend showed me a goose egg, i panicked and ran around the building in terror, i ended up in a bed with a hot girl, and i did a face palm.
 went to the grocery store with a bag of bdsm toys. cashier asked me to bag my groceries for her. i didn't realize it.
 **: i put my boyfriend's art supplies in a box and he jerked off and accidentally put a cloth napkin in the box. he's fine now.
 tl;dr: had optic neuritis, but it was not linked to ms. i was given eyedrops to take if it happens again.
 i decided to be home alone and listen to my grandparents getting it on while i was reading a book in my parents' room. i then came to terms with the fact that i was listening to my grandparents getting it on.
 my husband has been wearing my friends light blue victoria's secret panties for a year and a half and i don't know how to feel right now.
 i rubbed my face into my mother's hospital pillow and got a huge whiff of urine and mom pubes and realized it was one of the pillows that the nurses placed between her legs so her knees don't rub up against each other.
 went to play at playground, got drunk, tripped over a log, bruised my leg, 2 girls laughed at me, still bruised leg 5 hours later.
 military police dog sniffs my pocket and finds 3 bucks with traces of cocaine, i'm handcuffed and held for 2 hours before being allowed to go home.
 worked as a lifeguard, rode my bike into the pool, fell off and tore my toenail open. it's not so much the pain or the blood, but one of my biggest pet peeves to have a nail come...
 spit on a girl's shoulder, tried to get it off her shirt, ripped it off. she broke up with me and i'll never forget that look.
 tifu by farting in my girlfriend's face and cumming all over myself while she pulled on my dick in front of a factory worker.
 i farted on black midgets at a gas station, and the cashier thought i was a racist and called me a bitch. i ran away.
 i ate way too much food, my stomach hurt a little, i fell asleep on the way home, i woke up with explosive diarrhea, i ran to the bathroom and exploded into the toilet.
 knocked over an old woman with a walker, dropped several of my own bags, and accidentally took one of her shopping bags with a few garments in it.
 helped an old man across the street from a bar, turns out he was pissing in the kitchen of another building two blocks away. i'm an asshole.
 tried to impress my boss with a funny french accent, ended up sounding like i was trying to impress someone with a japanese accent. i'm an idiot.
 shouted \hey, fuck you!!\ at someone i thought was my friend. turns out i shouted at someone completely different, a friend-of-a-friend who in retrospect doesn't look anything like \j\.
 i pressed tvqueue on my dad's 52 inch plasma and it played porn. he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this
 my dad got laid off yesterday, i texted my good lady friend about it, got a text back saying \thx for the recap\. i'm a dumbass.
 i didn't stop my girlfriend from grinding me on her bed and she asked me to have sex with her several times, but i couldn't go through with it and she asked me to leave.
 tried to pee in a snapple bottle while driving, ended up throwing it at a closed window, causing it to shatter and cover the interior of my car in broken glass.
 i got high for the first time and broke up with my girlfriend of a year because she didn't care about me. i'm an idiot.
 i had to tell my parents that i fucked with a girl i've had a relationship with for 4 years and she's finally accepted me for.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i let a friend into my hotel room while taking a shower, forgot his key card and walked out the front door to let him in like any true friend.
 i set off the smoke alarm with frozen indian food and my vibrator was on the living room couch during the entire time the smoke alarm was going off.
 got really drunk, blacked out, got really gay, fell asleep in the attic of the garage, woke up in the middle of the night with urine all over my phone.
 ate a ton of chicken before finals, got sick, couldn't go to a baseball game, can't eat for 4 days now.
 left chicken on med-low for 5 minutes, went back out and the chicken was on fire, the heat settings wouldn't go down, had to turn off bbq, siding melted.
 got challenged to a game of arm-wrestling, tried to wear out my opponent, broke my arm and had to wait in the er for 4 hours.
 i dipped my balls in a sea of molten glass while masturbating. i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to masturbate again.
 ate salad for lunch. got a post-it stuck between my front teeth. tried to pull it out with a tea bag corner. now my front teeth don't touch.
 went to college late, didn't find my class, ended up in the library fucking around on the internet and got screenshots taken of my 'inappropriate' use of the computers and sent to my lecturer.
 i skyped with a girl i've liked for a long time and she slapped me in the face for the first time. i'm embarrassed.
 went for a jog, shit my pants, tripped over my own feet and left a huge turd in my boxers. karma made me shit my pants.
 i trusted a fart and it shit me in the face and i'm now sitting on the toilet with my shitty boxers staring at me while i'm pissing out of my arse.
 i was asked to introduce a state senator at an event, but i didn't have a printed copy of his bio sheet, so i used it to introduce myself.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 thought calling for a cab would be a good idea, ended up getting stuck in traffic for an hour and a half, and didn't have anything to do.
 played kanye west to my dad during the nba finals. he didn't like it, and i'm pretty sure i'll never see him again.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 went to a job site with my employer to replace doors, got bitched at by the homeowner's ugly girlfriend and my employer called her a bitch.
 put fish oil capsules in my sports bra, lifted 9.5\u201d pythons against a bench in the gym and now the gym smells like a fish market in july.
 i got arrested for going to my marine friend's house to avoid getting another open container citation. got charged with burglary 4th, disorderly conduct, and another open container citation.
 don't fart while on a liquid diet or you'll end up with a damp spot on your underwear. also, don't fart while on a liquid diet or you'll end up with a damp spot on your underwear. also, don't fart while on a liquid diet or you'll end up with a damp spot on 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556
 my room mate walked in on me masturbating, and i had just enough time to pull my laptop over my dick, and sit there like a moron. he walked in, had the door open for a few seconds, and i just hung my head in shame, staring at the weird porn i had open, and for some reason, refused to close.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i thought a guy was trying to get into cars in a parking lot and called 911. he was just putting flyers on the cars. 7 cop cars and more than 7 cops showed up.
 i put my feet up on my girlfriends lap in the car, fell asleep, woke up with unbearable back pain and now my girlfriend is massaging my back.
 didn't read the label, drank prune juice, had to walk out of class with wet pants and a box of paper towels in my back seat.
 got alcohol poisoning for the first time in front of my boyfriend, during \my week\ of love for craft beer. woke up hours later confused, as boyfriend tells me, \you signed a waiver to say you were refusing to get taken to the hospital.\
 i insulted a cute goalie, she went to smack me, i punched her in the face, and kicked her in the knee. she forgave me, and is only a little pissed.
 i made myself a jockstrap, another pupil saw it and proceeded to expose his dick to the rest of the school. i'm an idiot.
 i got a pair of pink spandex shorts that were too big for a girl, wore them to work, and ended up burning a hole in my ass.
 i tried to clean the men's bathroom at work and ended up vomiting all over the floor and in the toilet because i was too tired to do it.
 i parked my car in a parking lot that wasn't even contracted with a towing company, it got towed and i didn't have my plate number to file a report with the police. the police found my car in a parking lot that wasn't even contracted with a towing company.
 i wrecked my friends car, tried to get a tow truck, and ended up getting arrested for having a gun in the trunk of my friend's car.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i rolled over a mole on my lawn and now it needs food or it will die. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i fucked up by pushing my insulin dose too high and almost passed out in the middle of the night because i didn't pay attention to what i was doing.
 i told my black friend to go back to africa when i was quoting a video in front of my black professor. i'm a dumbass.
 i took 10mg of ambien and couldn't drive home because i couldn't sleep. now i'm sleeping on my egyptian cotton sheets.
 told bus driver my friend was german exchange student, he thought he was german exchange student and pulled me and my friend from the bus because he thought we were german exchange students.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 locked myself and my best friend out of a friend's house in the middle of nowhere and had to drive 35 minutes in the cold to get back.
 tried to update my java on my windows 7 computer, ended up in deep doo-doo. went out and bought his favourite candy (whoopers) and wrote his a 2 page appology.
 i ate a 24/7 sandwich and shit all over my pants. then i missed a step and shit all over my staircase. i'm a princess bitch.
 i clogged the toilet, put a rag on my face to clean it up, then took a shower and put the rag on my face to clean it up.
 i sent the wrong sizes of clothing to two important people and now have to pay a lot of money to ship them the wrong sizes and create an unnecessary hassle.
 my nephew fell off the couch while i was watching him, i ran to my room, slammed my door and started crying, the firemen came and talked to my sister and my nephew, nothing serious happened to him.
 went to jump off a bridge with friends, got hit in the dick 3 times by huge knots at the bottom of the rope. jumped off again, got hit in the dick again.
 i left a mcrib sandwich in my boyfriend's car and now i'm searching for it in the house i live in. i'm an idiot.
 tifu by dipping my work shirt into someone's cum and piss on the back of the toilet and cutting off my hands to clean it up.
 i let my cat in to come sleep with me, she vomited all over my floor and bed-sheet, and i had to clean it up.
 i drank apple sauce instead of tea because i thought i had washed it. it tasted like shit, and i puked all over my carpet. fml.jpg
 went to work with a righteous hangover. shit my balls off for 3 hours. got paid to shit my balls off. i'm getting down now.
 i hit my finger on a nail with a hammer while trying to hold out to shit in the middle of a cul-de-sac and spent an hour driving home.
 gave a doorstop to an addict, got bitched at twice, boss threatened to fire me, agreed to come in on monday without pay to \finish what i started\, got fired.
 tried to stretch my back under a conference table, ended up in the middle of a conference with a bunch of legs sitting around the table. i'm an idiot.
 i got stuck in a practice room with two people in my class and had the urge to piss, but the teachers forgot that we were in the practice room.
 i thought a lady left her purse on the floor at my friend's new store and pointed at it. two guys who were standing at the counter said it was theirs.
 my music was too loud to hear the sirens and i almost got hit by an ambulance. now i'm the guy who can't hear the sirens.
 i almost ate dead tribble buns because i was too baked to type/stay functional, but i was able to throw them away before i gave myself a trip to the hospital.
 i'm going to my senior prom on the same night as a stage production i'm working on, and i can't just cancel it.
 got stoned for the first time in three years, vomited all over myself on a second date. don't know how long it was before i staggered from the bathroom, white as a sheet, giant pupils, barely coherent and sweating like a virgin on a honeymoon.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i forgot to close the sliding door in my bathroom and my dog tore up two of my used period pads and tore up the entire bathroom floor.
 pocket dialed a girl who was flirting with me while she was on the phone with a girl i had a short fling with a few months ago. my friend heard it.
 i pissed on my uncle's mother's night stand and got kicked out of my uncle's house. i'm a dumbass.
 ate a bunch of jalapenos, butthole felt like it was on fire, wiped it with a paper towel, it burned worse than i thought it would.
 skyped with a girl i liked, she's starting to like me, and now i don't know if i'll ever see her again.
 i played with an electricity lamp as a child and burned my fingers and nails. i'm not sure if i'll ever play with an electricity lamp again.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 told my wife to watch stupid shows, now she's super depressed and i've done a lot of damage to her self esteem. fuck me.
 sent my gf a text saying \hey man ill call u back, these bitches are lost just directing them\ while she was on the phone with me.
 tried to get a book to take a class, ended up getting hit by a car, not being able to take the class, and now owe money.
 went to an amusement park with a group of friends. one of my friends flipped off the camera on a rollercoaster and got escorted away by a security guard.
 i ate asian zing wings and shit my pants while hiking in boulder, colorado, and then proceeded to wipe my ass with a leaf.
 went to get a glass of water, slipped and knocked my coworker out with a broken nose, concussion, and brain damage, and now she doesn't want to see me.
 decided to shoot off nine mortars at a time, one of them fell and hit my friend's 8 year old sister in the face, causing our show to be called off.
 i wrote a letter to my grandma that said \fuck you.\ my grandma found it and read it, and now i'm feeling really guilty.
 i had bind-blowing sex with my so at his family's cabin and ended up with a hole in the comforter that looked like it had been made by hungry mouse mouth teeth.
 i dumped my girlfriend only hours after her friend died, and now i have a girlfriend that i don't want, plus i have to help her grieve.
 i was playing with the remote and slapped my balls really hard and missed my tummy and now my balls are sore and i can't watch family guy anymore.
 locked myself and my friend out of a closet, and my grandmother had to introduce us to the former president of a major east coast university. i'm not sure if that's really something to be proud of.
 didn't pay my tuition, may or may not get a court summons in the near future. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an
 broke a can of fluorescent spray paint and now i'm getting a headache every time i turn off the lights. i'm a dumbass.
 ate some pickles for lunch, started to feel like i was going to have to go to the bathroom, husband and i were driving home, saw a burger king right in front of me, pooped all over the car.
 i tried to make a condom out of water and ended up making it look like an elephant's amniotic sac and pissing on the couch.**
 i set off fireworks in the back yard and blew up my 13 year old nephew on the front lawn. he had minor burns and lost his hearing for a day.
 **: told a kid to look at the camera, he didn't look at the camera, and now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 applied hair gel to my toothbrush, stuck said brush in my mouth, and proceeded to vomit about 10 seconds later because of how bad it was burning/had gotten in my throat.
 danced around while drying my hair, hairdryer fell on my boobs, my nipple made contact with the extremely hot metal grate and i heard my flesh sizzling.
 spilled acetone nail polish remover in my lap, had a chemical burn for 30 minutes, left the room stark naked, threw a paper towel roll at the bf.
 tried to wave at my neighbour on my bike, ended up crashing the bike and falling on my face, and have a cut on my hand from trying to shield myself from the fall.
 ate too much food, coughed up a bunch of turkey, sneezed a snot/turkey/mashed potato concoction all over the table.
 i popped a hole in the lid of a turkey spam can and it went through the pinhole-sized exit in the can, the steam carrying its contents high into the air, streamers of turkey spam adorning the trees above us like some sort of twisted party decoration.
 locked myself out of my house, tried to climb through a window, neighbors saw me and called the cops, cops were there in less than 5 minutes.
 went to a party, got drunk, tried to slide down a slide, fell on my back, collapsed on the floor in pain and now i can't walk.
 didn't know there was a water cut while plumbers were working in an apartment, turned the whole building water on, flooded the apartment below and started leaking.
 i opened the door to a church kid who i thought was my best friend's kid while i was playing usher from my phone and yelled \hey daddy\
 i nearly chopped off the tip of my finger at a chili cook-off because i wasn't paying attention to what i was doing, and ended up in the emergency room.
 i farted in front of two of my best friends at work and now they think i'm a horny asshole. i hope they don't say anything.
 tried to build a snow fort, cops showed up, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor'
 i bought food for a homeless guy and gave it to the wrong guy. i was too afraid to go back because i was too embarrassed to do so.
 ran over a fence with my car, got away with it. ran over another fence with my car, got away with it. ran over a deer with my car, got away with it.
 microwaved pasta, didn't put water in bowl, filled room with smoke, burned plastic, may be forced to shell out for a new microwave.
 i was told not to touch a 30k machine that sterilizes glassware and liquids and i accidentally opened it mid cycle and tried to sneak water in before it got too hot.
 got a tampon stuck in my hymen, had to pull it out through a hole in my hymen, blood spatter everywhere, had to spend an hour cleaning it up.
 i missed out on my only chance to be sociable for a while because i'm an always-on person and facebook isn't always on/showing.
 i rammed my gf's brand new car into a trashcan and a concrete partition while trying to help her out at the gas station, and ended up having to pay for the damages.
 i tried to be a good friend and help a drunk woman back to her dorm, only to have my friends demand i bail on my new ward and accommodate the original plans.
 told a guy i don't like how nice it was that he was going to take care of his dad who has cancer while he was on vacation.
 i gave a waitress a $20 tip that i didn't mean to give because i didn't know it was the only tip i was going to give.
 got a virus, ate chocolate and coffee, woke up in the middle of the night and felt like i was going to explode from both ends of the toilet.
 went to vegas, didn't put porn in pants, went to great grandmother's funeral, porn fell out of pants, now ostracized.
 i left my card at the atm and had to draw another \u00a310 to pay for my half of the pizza. i'm a dumbass.
 today i got fired from my job de to friday i got a late invite to big day 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i didn't tell my girlfriend about a surprise i was going to give her and now she hates me and i'm not sure if we should be together anymore.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 tried to light a candle at work, turns out it was a fake and now i'm the laughing stock of the office. [the photo of my genuis](https://scontent-a-sea.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/1425590_10151964040342225_1444455207_n.jpg)
 went to visit bf's grandparents and got a sticky hand.didn't wash hands after. didn't realize it for 20 minutes before bf and i pulled over.
 ate chicken wings while redditing, woke up with pain in my upper belly, husband thinks i need to go to the hospital, turns out i just threw up.
 farted too hard, hemorrhoid in my ass, thought it was an itch, now i have a hemorrhoid in my ass.
 i took a client to a lake and my sketchbook fell into the lake and he thought it was a good idea to throw it in the lake to decompose.
 i gave my grandparent's address to a gay rights group and now i feel like a complete asshole for not knowing it was actually a guy named steve.
 i bought a pair of koss speakers from woot.com, bought a 6v dc adapter, plugged it in, turned it on, and nothing came out.
 i got cat hair all over my lady bits and my vagina in the middle of sexy times with my lady and her boyfriend. i am allergic to cats and will break out in hives from skin contact.
 tifu by putting my mouth over an overflowing water bottle and inhaling a gelatin-like substance that made me puke and ended up in my own puke that looked like blood.
 i elbowed my friend in the nose trying to give her a hug and ended up nosebleeding all over her nose. i'm a good friend.
 i made some people at my school use a proxy to get on sites that are blocked at school and now i'm getting a suspension ticket for it.
 i got sick, didn't see my housemates for 4 days, one of them went to the er, i was out til 1am.
 i drank jack3d before a roller derby bout and ended up breaking my own collar bone by hitting a jammer so hard that i broke my own collar bone.
 i let a friend work on a group project with me while i was on vacation, he didn't work on the project and i had to take over.
 i shocked an old woman next to me with a shock machine and now the nurse thinks i'm a sadist torturing an old woman next to me.**
 grandmas decided to walk on a bike path that's only 4x1, and i tried to swerve around them, only to sidewipe into a ditch and wipe out on the gravel. blood everywhere, front part of my bike twisted around 180 degrees, my leg and face busted up, and what do i hear? \you okay?\ from the guy who i tried to swerve around.
 i let my walking dogs out to play, one got into a fight with the other, and i got bit, punched, and slammed into the group.
 farted so hard i threw up on a government test because i was ignoring the side effects of a pill i was taking for my ss diarrhea.
 thought i had enough gas to make it to my second job, only had enough to make it a quarter of the way home before running out of gas on the side of a mountain.
 showed a video to my friend, she told me about a school shooting when we first met, i forgot, she was in tears, now i'm asking for her forgiveness.
 tried to buy my sister a card for her birthday, ended up sending it to the wrong address and still haven't got a card or gift for her.
 i was giving blood for the first time and looked up at reddit while the nurse was putting a needle in my arm. i threw up for an hour.
 left my window open for the night. moth came in. tried to kill him. he flew into my closet. now he's laying eggs in my closet.
 ate too much, had too many farts, shart all over couch, brown couch, no shart, reset counter, no army.
 i accidentally doubled the fuel load of a private charter plane and now it will cost thousands of dollars to get another plane to take it in from another city.
 bought a annoy-a-tron from thinkgeek. placed it behind a metal poster frame in the office of one of my co-workers. hilarity ensued.
 went into my girlfriend's friend's bathroom and tried to use her friend's hair conditioner. now my girlfriend thinks i'm having sex with her.
 i didn't go to summer school last year and now i have to quit my job and live at home next year because i didn't go.
 i got really drunk and made a guy i am in love with uncomfortable, and now he hates me. i'm pretty sure he hates me now.
 shaved my pubes with my dad's face razor, blocked the drains, he thought it was his legs, and i had to clean it up.
 tried to spice up my work sex life, pulled a muscle in my leg while trying to make it look like i wasn't having a bad time.
 i put my 7 month old in the bouncer, she pooped all over the carpet and i had to clean it up with carpet cleaner for pet poop.
 forgot to take a nap, woke up covered in blood trying to get a refund for a ticket to disney world, got shot at for being a terrorist in the middle east.
 i crashed my mum's car because i thought neither car could fit on the road and slammed on the brakes too hard, causing \u00a3500 worth of damage.
 i thought i was going to bite my friend's finger, but instead i licked/sucked her finger and made her look like an ass.
 got too drunk, fell down a set of steps, sprained my ankle, and can't work for 2 weeks. don't drink, kids.
 i took laxatives, ate a huge omelette, and shit myself in the middle of the night, then tried to fix the toilet by filling it with water.
 cut my nut sack with a hair trimmer, bled profusely, didn't put a band-aid on it, and now i'm sitting 2 hours later with dried blood on my ball sack.
 i shot my cum all the way over my gf's head, broke my urethra, and had to wait in line for 4 hours at the er.
 **: took a shower, forgot to turn the water off, turned the water on too hot, burned my balls, now sitting on the couch with my legs wrapped around a bottle of water.
 i told a girl i know her name and now i feel like a dick. i'm not sure if i'll ever see her again.
 i spilled stain/poly on my hands and tried to get it off with mineral spirits. slipped on the stairs and busted my ass. my neighbors didn't hear me scream.
 tried to ask my mom to buy me a cooch buzzer, got caught and cried in the middle of the walmart store holding a vibrator while my mother consoled me.
 i tripped over an umbrella and fell on an old lady making her down on the ground, and i farted out of her. a little girl thought i was raping her.
 accidentally opened a document with a picture of spring breakers on my desktop and a faculty member thought i was trying to get them on board with my company.**
 went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the
 helped a friend move out of his house, he taught me how to smoke wax, i get a funny taste in my mouth and he tells me he smoked meth.
 i put a bag of anal toys under my mattress and my grandpa saw them while we were putting carpet in my room. he didn't notice.
 took a shit in poison ivy and now i'm sitting in the car waiting for the shoot to be done before i can take a shower and grab some chamomile lotion or something.
 victoria's secret model wanted to see despicable me, i was a chivalrous fuck, and i peed on myself in front of her.
 tried lube for the first time, put it in a plastic cup and forgot about it, woke up to find it in my phone, now i don't know what to do with it.
 made the worst sandwich money can buy and now my tongue's drooping out of my mouth like a sick animal. fuck this life and \budder it\ with a knife.
 tried to kill ants with hand sanitizer and ended up squirting it into my eye. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. f
 tried to pick up a girl, fell on her, called her fat, she was pissed at me the rest of the night and kept making fat jokes.
 i have an umbrella that looks like a sword, someone reported it to the police, college went into shelter-in-place, and i had to explain it to the director of safety and security.
 i texted my boss \i don't even care if this asshole shows up at this point, im gonna leave on principle alone. this is such bullshit.\
 i pooped a bit on my pinky toe, thought it was meat sauce, tried to wipe it off with toilet paper, pooped a bit on my pinky toe.
 my boyfriend locked me out of the house, i poked him in the face with a slat from my bed, and now he's pissed at me.
 i arched my back to stretch my laptop and it slid off of my stomach like a computer water slide into my exposed teeth and chipped about half of my right front tooth and 1/3 of the left one.
 i fell into my grandparents' toilet because i'm lactose intolerant and didn't notice the seat was up. i'll never be able to use it again.
 i scheduled a job interview on the wrong day and haven't heard back from the person i interviewed with. now i'm out of a job.
 shit myself at work, ripped my pants, and left the place almost as fast as those tacos left me. i work at gordons food service.
 almost kissed a girl who wasn't my gf. i know she wanted it, but i don't know what to do. i love both of them, but have no fucking clue what to do.
 missed the train, drove up and back, had to shit at work, had to shit bad, walked down the hall to the toilet and my asshole exploded.
 i pissed myself at work and threw my wet underwear out the toilet window and now i'm at my desk writing with semi-wet pants and no underwear.
 i tried to put a golf ball in my vagina, it wouldn't come out and i had to use rusty pliers to get it out.**
 i fapped in the toilet while browsing reddit and crashed my computer because i thought my parents were in the corridoor. i'm an idiot.
 i made yo momma joke, mate punched me in nose, i went into amok and pounded him into wall, blood everywhere, lost my school reputation.
 hot chick invites me to a frat party, fuck me in the shower, get vaseline all over her ass, and my dick stuck in her ass.
 pushed a panic button at work, got a swat team called on us right before the dinner rush, and had a burly swat guy with a gun patrolling our store right before the dinner rush started.
 i'm getting a write up for shoplifting, it wasn't on purpose and i'm not getting fired. i'm not getting fired.
 i didn't edit a video because i was sick, and now my group won't talk to me. also, i don't think anyone in the group is a very good video editor, so they were counting on me.
 i thought a girl was pregnant, she wasn't, i'm a dumbass and will never work at the store i used to work at again.
 accepted into a fraternity, forgot to call in to confirm acceptance, fraternity left to a group vacation this holiday weekend and 2am was the time they left to drive down to their lodge or cabin or whatever the hell they are staying......shit..
 i ate a pasty, clogged the toilet, and plunged over a koi pond-sized puddle in my front hall and to the computer to unclog it.
 told a guy to take a bite out of a dog treat. turns out he wanted to take a bite out of his own dog treat. made my day.
 i got sick on the first day of school, met a girl i had been crushing on, and puked the first time i met her. she is now my best friend.
 i peed in a walgreens and had to hold back the invading forces for the length of the store. i saved my undies with the quick clenching.
 i applied for a state job, didn't get it because the post office didn't forward my mail. now i'm making 2x as much as i do at my current job.
 i put a gram of weed in my friend's car instead of his real car. someone drove around with a gram of weed in their glove compartment.
 tifu by letting a cat pee on me while i was taking care of the litter box. i'm not sure if she wanted to know i belong to her or not.
 got drunk and had sex with my girlfriend's paralyzed mother. she didn't wake up and it hit the side of her body that was paralyzed.
 ate too much junk, threw up, got locked out of my house, grandpa came to my rescue with anti-diarrheal and suppository.
 didn't keep copies of photos and video from my aunt's wedding, dropped my laptop on the hard drive, it crashed, warranty expired.**
 tried to go the extra mile for my girlfriends valentines day present, ended up looking like a creeper waiting outside her house for her mom to come home.
 i challenged my brother to eat a piece of hot lava from the middle of my lasagne. it didn't work and i'm pretty sure i've killed my tastebuds.
 made a joke about giving up my job to become a stripper, now i can't talk to the girl i work with because i'm weird.
 housemate left coconut rum in a water bottle, i drank it thinking it was cordial. knocked back painkillers with rum. waiting out the effects so i can now drive home.
 thought i was being attacked by a small animal when i woke up, tried to kill it by smashing it on the ground, turns out it was my right hand.
 didn't want to let a guy overtake me so i sped up and he almost dragged me out of the car like niko bellic and beat the shit out of me.
 i almost fell asleep on the back of my dad's atv because i didn't listen to my dad's instructions. i'm an idiot.
 i hit myself in the balls with my dick while dancing with my gf and she laughed like a bitch. i'm an asshole.
 went to a party for the first time, blacked out, puked all over myself, woke up in the middle of the night with a hangover.
 threw my gun in my bag, forgot about it all day, went to work and didn't realize it was there until it was sitting there all day.
 centipede ran over my foot in the shower, i tried to jump out of the way to get it off, fell on my knee and spilled my beer.
 got drunk at a party, slept with a nice girl, forgot my best friend was there, can't sleep in my single bed with her after the break up.
 i told a coworker that i got rejected from a great school because my boss has major hookups at that school, and now i have no acceptances to any schools.
 drank too much caffeine, pooped in the shower, got sprayed in the face with the force and accuracy unrivaled by anything outside of back alley films from thailand.
 went to sleep with the urge to shit, woke up with the urge to shit, shat myself in my sleep twice, girlfriend still laughs at me.
 i fucked up by taking off my ipod screen, factory resetting my psvita, playing elsword on my computer, and updating my windows to 8.1.
 i accidentally showed my class a porn pop up while playing a game of \ship\ and \sheep\, and said \shit\ instead of \ship\.
 ate grilled cheese before a physics test, held in a shit for too long, shit all over my boxers, no one gave me a second glance.
 i ordered pizza and breadsticks from papa johns and my coworker took the fucking box with him to work and ate the rest of the pizza and breadsticks.
 i accidentally zoomed in on my female friend's boobs in a film i was editing for an acting class. everyone in university thinks i'm a creepy perv and now she hates me.
 i've been sitting on a dude's chair at my computer lab for a few weeks now, and i'm not sure if it's because he's a bigger dude or because he's not cleaning himself properly.
 went for a jog in the park, had to go to the park clubhouse to get a bathroom, had to wipe my butt with white track pants.
 i ran over an actor's nose with a cart full of crap and got a \sorry about the nose\ note in the post it note box.
 i humped my gf while she was on her period and she thought i was a sex god. she wakes up next morning and tells me shes not mad.
 i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't
 pissed on friend's dog, dog slept with me, dog rolled in my piss the next morning, smelled like piss, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the
 fell asleep on the bus, woke up to cum in my ass, couldn't get to a bathroom, cum got deeper into my ass.
 i backed up my mom's photos to my dropbox and accidentally backed them up to my dropbox as well. now my mom sees my most private photos.
 tried to use a razor as a dildo, cut my hand on the razor, bled all over my shower curtains, shampoo bottle, and hand.
 i tried to make an ice mocha and ended up with ants crawling all over me as i tried to clean it up. it turned out *okay.*
 spartan-kicked a door that wasn't open, knocked a girl out, punched a guy who was trying to help her, and left before it caused a scene.
 fucked my girlfriend,got a towel,cleaned myself,asked for a towel,got cum towel all over her dad,he took a shower.
 i didn't check my voicemail for a week, got a call at 2 am from an hr person who had called to set up an interview for a job i had applied for.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 popped two stitches on my penis, opened a crater about the size of a hole punch in a piece of paper on my penis because i couldn't get my mind off sex.
 i went to take a dump on the 23rd floor of an office building and ended up having to take 23 flights of stairs to get to the bathroom.
 i ran/skipped/walked to catch up to a bus and got caught by a google maps car. i'm not sure how long it usually takes to update.
 told an internet friend i was about to kill myself, he freaked out and told my real friend, who drove to my house and had a long conversation with me.
 i bought a bottle of lighter fluid that i thought was zippo fuel, but was actually \clipper\ lighter fluid. i smoked a lucky strike.
 i fucked an old jar of hotdog relish and my cock felt like it had been stung by a swarm of angry japanese wasps. fuck peanut butter.
 i didn't say anything stupid in class for the first time in my life, and now the professor is trying to get the website to work.**
 ate too much nacho doritos and hot wings and shit my pants in the middle of a traffic jam on my way to a job interview.
 i got sick, used the same body wash i use at my so's house, climaxed in the shower and my son found me on the bathroom floor.
 went to dinner with my boyfriend's family, had to piss, didn't put the toilet lid up, pissed all over the toilet and towels.
 read tifu by telling my girlfriend that i got a lap dance at my buddy's bachelor party, and now reddit is blocked at my school, and its all thanks to my idiocy.
 i belched out a large root beer at the drive thru window and the customer thought i was a disgusting pig. i'm a disgusting pig.
 got drunk, vomited all over a child, had to close the pool and clean the shit out of the pool from the vomit and gator-aid
 i let my brother's dog out of the house and he peed all over the floor. i'm not a dog person. i'm an idiot.
 ate a hot dog in one bite and proceeded to spit it out onto a paper towel, washing it down with half a bottle of soda. it was bad.
 i didn't check my account to make sure august was paid, i have an extremely late payment and my agent has been trying to get a hold of me but i just find out today that he had the wrong email address. i don't know how i'm going to be able to pay this off, i have a couple of payments coming up and rent and i'm freaking out.
 i passed out in my bed and my roommates little sister made out with me and now i have no idea if i should bring it up with him or not.
 sang \dick in a box\ while running to the gym, got caught by a group of people laughing their asses off and ran off to get away from the scene.
 i used my thumb to clean my razor blades and ended up with 3 flaps of skin hanging on my thumb. i still shudder from having my thumb near my razor.
 i went to a party with my roommate and a hot redhead, ended up drinking a drink mixed with vodka that was too much for me to handle.
 i won a twitter competition to meet a band and missed out because i didn't check my emails in the hours before the show. i'm now sitting here at 2am, missing 2 assignment deadlines due 2 hours ago because i can't be fucked moving.
 went for a fart on a double-decker bus, ended up shitting all over my boxers and then waiting for an hour to throw them away.
 ate somedoritos locos tacos, let my dog sleep with me, he ate dog shit, shit all over my face and in my hair.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 my eight year old son shat his pants in the car, causing us to get stuck in traffic and have to endure the worst stink of my life.
 i didn't look like a creeper by smiling back at a hispanic mother while she was shepherding her young son, but i was caught so off guard by the eye fucking that i would've ran over to her and gotten her number or something, but i saw the hyper kid and i hesitated. she parked her car at the other end of where i park mine (5 rows away) so i was trying to not look like a creeper and see where she parked and i thought *maybe* i could drive up and chat with her. by the time i got there the car i thought she was in was
 she's not pregnant. she took two tests and she's not pregnant. i'm using a different account because i forgot the password to my last throw away.
 i left a dirty cast iron pan in the oven for a few days and forgot about it until i got home from work and showed off my new dish brush.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i sent the wrong login details to some users and then tried to fix the problem with only my phone at hand. i'm a dumbass.
 i was drunk, slipped on blood, vomited, and now have a scar on my lip that makes it look like i have a vasectomy.
 i was fapping, shoved a mechanical friend into my shlong, spent 25 mins trying to get it out, had to go to the er.
 gf and i sneaked into a classroom, had sexy-times, janitor walks in, we leave, dean asks us to help him file paperwork.
 i kicked a weeaboo girl in the balls. she swore at me and called me a baka gaijin in japanese. i got a penalty.
 left wine glass on dresser the night before, got out of work an hour earlier than usual, cranked up the volume to pass the time, dresser vibrated enough to move the wine glass over the edge and shatter on the floor. now the mini bar has one empty spot and it won't stop mocking me every time i walk in and glance at it.
 i slept with my gf's best friend. she just broke up with her boyfriend of 2 years. i'm in a relationship. what are my options?
 got drunk at my boyfriend's friends' house, didn't have any plans for the next day and ended up being the only girl at the party.
 went for a boat ride with my father, aunt, and i, dropped anchor behind all of the moored boats, didn't anchor the boat over there, boat drifted away, had to get it back.
 i tore my frenulum while doing a hokey pokey with my girlfriend and i felt like i was going to pass out from the pain.
 forgot to take laxatives, shart twice in two hours, five hours of exams and a new anus in the morning and a second shart in the afternoon.
 tried to take a piss and shit at the same time. had to run five meters from my front door to keep it from getting out of my asshole.
 i splooshed my knee in cvs body wash and now my knee hurts for like 15 - 30 minutes every time i try to touch it.
 went to dc for the first time, forgot the name of the boat, glasses fell off, can't see at all for the rest of the trip.
 didn't masturbate for 10 hours, used herbal conditioner instead of pantene, cum canal exploded, took me half an hour to pee.
 let loose a mini-nuke of fart-poop, engulfing my shower handle in a thick coating of liquid molten shit. still deciding what to do.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 Unknown error},
 bought abutterfly trainer, carried it to work, messed with it on break, got pulled over by a cop and told it was illegal because the blade is more than 3 inches.
 i took a sleeping tablet instead of an adderall because i have to be up early tomorrow. now i can't get a good night's sleep.
 i jumped on a trampoline and locked my leg onto it and now i'm in a lot of pain and i can't do anything for a while.
 i made out with my friend's cousin on a grave and the flag broke in two. i've decided not to pursue this relationship. also i kind of made out with a different girl who i'm not related to.
 tried to shorten my uncle's hair, ended up giving him a number 1 haircut (a 0 will make you bald) and now he looks like he has cancer again.
 i accidentally sent my professor an email saying i was in class today, but i was a few minutes late and missed the sign in sheet. the email was sent from my undergraduate email account.
 i ate a thai dipping sauce that was made with a jam jar and a shard of glass ended up in my mouth. it was delicious, but you tried to kill me.
 i snooped through my dad's pictures folder on his phone, and now his girlfriend hates me, and he can't use his phone anymore.
 i forgot to turn off the space heater in the spare bedroom/home gym/dressing room/animal housing room before i went to clean up after my 6 [degus](http://i.imgur.com/jyt0hf8.jpg) (say hi to dactyl!! very cute, but very messy little rascals they are!) i had forgotten 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i went to walmart for gushers and ended up spilling soda all over a hot girl and her shoes and my shirt. it was one in the fucking morning.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 ate hot wings, ate hot fap, ate hot fap, ate hot fap, ate hot fap, ate hot fap
 chiweenie snuck out behind me while i was rummaging through my car, got hit by a van and then drove off. i'm an idiot.
 i bought ze a heavy bag and he broke a couple bones in his hand. it's going to be a while before he's able to work with his hands again.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 virus attaches naruto hentai photos to my mom's email, mom finds 50 explicit images of the shame of my nightmares, dad thinks it was me.
 i ate my girlfriend's gravy too fast and it turned out to be bad. i confronted her about it and she laughed like a bitch.
 tried to play on my little brother's april fool's day prank, ended up soaking him in water and making him bleed to the bone.**
 i laughed at a girl's face while she was trying to walk in a straight line while simultaneously staring at a bunch of scary high schoolers. it sounded like i was laughing at how many casualties we had in wwii.*
 i confronted a black kid about a fake $50 bill and he threatened to kill me if i didn't give him my money back or he would call security.
 i gave my boyfriend a blowjob and he cupped himself and said \you bitch!\ as he tried to zip up properly. didn't get caught.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 co-worker left a water sourced a/c unit running for a couple days and flooded the place costing the owner a couple thousand dollars. after the clean up we found a pvc fitting to the water sourced a/c unit that me and my boss put together wasnt glued properly and broke loose and poured out water for nearly 2 days.
 shoved a toothbrush up my friend's ass , threw up the next morning and puked on my clothes in the doorway of my 150 student class
 i sent my gf sex toys, she opened them, her mother walked in on me and her topless gf, and now she hates me.
 ate a schnitzel-sandwich, pooped, puked, shaved bullocks, unclogged drain, bled, told reddit how bad i felt.
 i drank 16oz of bile from my coffee thermos while driving home from work, then vomited in my nasal cavity the rest of the way home.
 i told my friend to clean up his hookah pipe and now my mom wants me out of the house and i'm scared i'm going to get thrown out.
 tifu by leaving behind my favorite electronic gaget, my red 3ds xl with zagg protective stickies on the outside in the seat pocket on a passenger jet.
 i left the doggy gate open, my dog got out and ate my garbage, my mom's garbage, and her boyfriend's semen.
 fell asleep behind the wheel of my mom's car, totalled it, and sent myself to the hospital, for several lacerations and bruising.**
 i had one of the greatest orgasms of my life and ended up with a nasty brown smudge on my hip from my fiance's fingers.
 ** i burned my lip and nose with a hot chili pepper while browsing reddit while my food was still on the stove and my mustache was still on the table.
 took my brother to walmart to buy the marshall mathers lp 2 deluxe edition. he bought the \clean version\ and now thinks they wont take returns.
 i accidentally grabbed a girl's tits in front of my whole class in 3rd period math, and now i'm probably going to hell.
 i got fired from my job for using my brother's middle name instead of my full name. three rich clients leave the firm and take their network and business with them.
 talked about how i looked like a stalker and a rapist because of how a girl who was in the lift with me alone the day before was staring at me as if i were going to do unspeakable things to her.
 i took off my work shirt in front of my entire group of male coworkers as well as a bunch of customers and now they think i'm an asshole.
 i told my professor i didn't know how to do a quiz because i didn't know how to do it. failed the quiz anyway, along with any social composure i had before 8am this morning.
 i fell asleep on a plane, woke up to a guy sitting next to me playing music through his headphones. i thought i\u2019d call him out, but i didn\u2019t.
 i ripped open my butthole with sandpaper tp, and now i'm sitting here with my butthole open, trying not to move.
 went for a swim with a girl i'd met the previous year, ended up with a brain hemorrhage and can't attend school for two years.
 i accidentally shot a neighbor's mobile home with my rifle and now they think i'm a dickhead and want me to pay for any damages.
 my dad flipped a bitch, tent fell out of the back of our truck, i shouted at a mexican picking it up instead of \that's ours!\
 went for a run in a forest, hit a tree root, landed on brambles, cut my shorts, didn't notice the pain until now.
 nails got stuck in a washer, i broke someone else's washer, and now i'm stuck with a new one for the next 3 days.
 i cuddled with my cat on the couch and he shat on the cushion. i'm an asshole for letting him cuddle with me.
 told a girl in my class that we don't want any fat people at our school because we don't want any fatty fatsos at our school.
 i broke my patrol car, got a call from our dispatcher to replace the battery in the smoke detectors, and then i backed into a parking spot and broke my mirror.
 drank too much, went to get my hair cut, vomited all over the place, fell down the hairdresser's dress, the floor and her shoes. still haven't got my hair cut.
 i shat my pants in the food court at the mall, and had to throw my undies in the trash. i'm in a mall.
 tried shaving my nipple, nicked the tip, blood lactated out and now everyone thinks i'm a wussy (i'm not).
 went to get ice cream, saw a chick slumped over at the stop sign, asked if she was alright, she started screaming like a banshee she beast and launches herself at my car trying to grab/scratch/claw my face off/kill me with dirty fingernails. i slam my foot on the gas pedal and scream out of that scene like the scared seventeen year old girl i am. when i drive up to my house the garage door won't open and i see her coming up the hill and as i'm praying to the god i'm not sure exists the door goes up i pull in, slam my finger
 i parked in the fire lane at my bro's place, got my car towed, and now i have to pay down the tow fee i just added to my credit card.
 i spilled coke all over myself and a chick in front of a university exam and will have to do it tomorrow. i look like a complete jack ass and the professor didn't have any spare exams left so i will have to do it tomorrow.
 went out for a walk last night, got a twig in my eye and now i'm hiding in my room with a sock tied around my head.
 i can't have sex with the same girl twice because i'm too stupid to realize that i can't have sex with the same girl twice because i'm too stupid to realize that i can't have sex with the same girl twice because i'm too stupid to realize that i can't have sex with the same girl twice because i'm too stupid to realize that i can't have sex with the same girl twice because i'm too stupid to realize that i can't have sex with the same girl twice because i'm too stupid to realize that i can't have sex
 tried to log in to internet banking. locked some randoms account. next time they log in they will get the error message. i feel real bad.
 shat my pants in the middle of a busy high street because i was too stoned to process the fact that i was in a busy high street.
 spilled habanero pepper powder on my pants, forgot about it, threw my underwear on top of them, set in, burned like hell for a solid hour.
 i made a fake key card and may have to go to the honor council and get reported to the college i already got into if i get in trouble.
 went to get coffee, dog extracted a used condom, little brother steps on it and falls down the stairs. i don't know what to do.
 went to put away the laundry, got yelled at by my mother, tried to move out, ended up staying at a friend's house for a week.
 i shoved my nose stud into my belly button while washing my hair in the shower and ended up splattering blood all over the white walls of my bathroom.
 ate a burrito before rock climbing, sharted, shit pants, poop landed on my partner's face, she screamed like a bitch.**
 my dog knocked over my guitar case while i was watching cloud atlas, and i stepped on it. it's not a gig-bag, it's a solid case.
 didn't read the title of a document, submitted it to the supreme court with a cunty word on it. might not have a job tomorrow.
 boss pawned off his bad news on a vendor instead of telling us himself. i sent him an email that said \this obviously is not a big deal for me since i get insurance through my husband, but i felt compelled to tell you that you strung sally along for quite some time and i think it is pretty low-class to have a vendor deliver your bad news for you.\ big mistake.
 i took a selfie of my penis and posted it on facebook instead of instagram with my nude instead. it's going to be an embarrassing day at school.
 i didn't read the docs, didn't read the code, didn't read the notes, didn't write the code, didn't read the notes, didn't write the code.
 threw pennies at a couple, girl thought we were calling her a prostitute, got a detention and a lecture on how not to be sexual predators in a workplace.
 i told my friend that an african american bumped me and the owner of the hotel was a jamaican and i got kicked out of my first date with my girlfriend
 didn't pay attention to arabella on the train, now i'm bound for a city 40 minutes in the opposite direction with no stops in between.
 i tried to cut a heavy wrought iron wall thing with a pocket knife and ended up getting 11 stitches in my hand. fuck up confirmed by all involved.
 i got my dick cut by my cat while playing with him, got revenge by locking him in a closet for a while and may have to give up treats.
 i broke my tailbone by sitting on the floor while playing fifa 05. now i can't take my finals at school and won't go back for another 3 weeks.
 i wheelie'd my bike off the line, it landed on me and i'm in a shit ton of pain. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don't know how i got on the bike to be honest. don
 guys wrote \n!gger\ on my back in sunscreen and it burned into me, ruined my new shirt and now i have to pay to get my locks changed.
 i tried to warn my best friend about his teacher's relationship with a girl, ended up fucking him over, and now the principle is looking into it.
 i ate a droplet of sulfuric acid in physics class, didn't realize it was acid until it was too late, and now my teeth are fucked up.
 i got trolled by /r/creepy, cleaned it up, and now my boss's daughter is going to have to buy a new computer.
 i gave my friend a pot brownie, and we went out to a bar. i told her that we had eaten pot brownies, and she told me to go home.
 i got bit by an ant, it took up the whole backside of my leg, itched and burned for a week, then it bit me.
 i got sick, missed an exam, and now i'm waiting to see if i have to take 3 finals in a day to make up this exam.
 ** wrote \internal bleeding\ on a shirt for \fake injury day\ at my school. arrow pointing to my stomach was more pointing to my crotch.
 took in a wasp on my bike, ended up with a swollen cheek and an embarrassing trip to the doctor for the reaction's effects to go away.
 tried to have a m\u00e9nage  trois with my fiance, ended up getting a phallus from a woman i met on the site.
 i let my girlfriend look at my browser history and found out she had a sex change. she cried and left. i haven't been able to get through to her since.
 went to a street fair with my girlfriend of one week and her 3 friends, spent all my money, lost my shit, and got dumped the next day.
 i used /r/relationship to ask my crush all kinds of questions and now i have to meet her 7 hours 5 days a week and we're partners for the physics exam.
 pulled off a classmate's swimtrousers in the pool, tried to do the same thing to a guy with down syndrome, turns out it was a swim class for people with down syndrome.
 left reddit logged in, monster of a person found my account and read out my username. now i have a whole new username and a whole new look.
 got accepted to college, jumped up for joy, fell on my foot, might have broken my foot, can't move my little toe, doctor says it might be a fracture or, even better, just a severe sprain.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 took an ambien at five in the morning, went for a run at six, hit a patch of uneven cement, ripped up my shoulder and knee, and split my chin open.
 got drunk, sent a text to my internship office's landline number, they called me at midnight to find out that i'm their new intern.
 i didn't know what \flex right 2\ was, threw on a run play, got yelled at and laughed at for the rest of the week and quit.
 i didn't ask a girl out, she asked me out, i talked her up, and now i'm in a relationship with the girl.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i thought i killed a roach in bed, but it wasn't. now i can't go back to bed and i'm stuck in my car.
 played trap music in the quiet section of the library during finals week, forgot to turn off my tablet, played it through both my headphones and speakers throughout the day.
 i won a bet with my teacher that if i wrote an essay that impressed him first time, we get to watch season 1-3 of erb of history, vader vs hitler ofc, cause we're studying the nazis...
 thought my maths teacher would make a joke about me moaning mid kiss about a girl i was hooking up with, moaned mid moan about my maths teacher.
 i accidentally shot myself in the arse with an airsoft gun while trying to zip up my hoodie and my brother was right next to me. it was an accident.
 i tried to wash the cat, she decided it was a good time to take a dump, and i may have lost my composure, because i tried to get her in the water to rinse her off, but she resisted, which led to her ass spinning around, launching shit in every direction.
 told a used-to-be-close friend i was depressed, she tried to cheer me up by acting like my girlfriend, she confessed her feelings for me on valentine's day, we continued our \relationship\ until yesterday, she gave me a lengthy rant about how tired she was of my negative attitude and cynicism, how tired she was of trying to help me change only for me to have another episode.
 i suggested my girlfriend of five months watch a cult tv show about hitler and the nazis, she got offended and now i'm banned from social media.
 went on twitter to refresh my news feed while watching anime, saw a video with a pot with goo in it, clicked the link and boom \ahhhh yea fuck me harder a yeaaaaaaaaaaa\ echoes throughout my house and i'm too afraid/embarrassed to confront them about it.
 i spit in my dip and vomited all over my test paper as well as the 2 kids in front of me and had to take a walk of shame.
 tried to save a frog from getting run over by a car, ended up picking him up with my wallet, and found out he had frog diarrhea instead.
 tried to sell my graphics card on ebay, ended up selling it for the wrong price. now i'm out $50 and some lucky bastard is getting an awesome discount.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i found my fiance's \stash\ and found out he's into tranny vids and phallic toys. i don't know what to do.
 i tried to help a little kid who was crying, but he took my hand right away and i'm pretty sure he's a pedophile.
 i ordered pizza and the driver told me that it wasn't funny to make nazi jokes, i paid him back the tip and he threatened to call the cops on me.
 i bought an iphone 5s on ebay for $450 and the seller closed his account and took out his remaining funds. i was only $55 of the $450 i spent.
 i left my dorm room door unlocked for my drunk boyfriend, he got back in bed, and i woke up to what i thought was my boyfriend getting back in bed. turns out it was my incredibly drunk neighbor who confused my room as his own when he got locked out of his. he was only in his underwear, so we had to give him clothes and shoes to go get the lock out key.
 tried to be a magician with cookies, ended up spilling them into the back of the oven and destroying the cookie sheet. i'm a dumbass.
 got high at an embassy, spilled a candle light on the amazing rug and said \what the fuck\(higher than my normal voice) during a candlelight vigil.
 got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder, crush got tinder
 i had a panic attack and ended up in the er because i couldn't move my neck and now i'm being forced to take anti-anxiety meds.
 i made fun of a guy with parkinson's for eating mcdonald's and now he is in the hospital and i feel like an asshole.
 i used to send explicit nsfw pictures of girls to some friends on facebook and got my account disabled for the third time by facebook because of it.
 i slept on top of a complimentary chocolate wrapper and left a huge stain on the bed sheets and my pants and shirt, and a smudge on my stomach.
 went to the zoo and tried to shake a gorilla's hand, got scared and pulled my hand back, gorilla tried to pull an umbrella into his cage.
 i coached a guy who was boosted by me earlier in the season and told him it was a bad idea to build randuins on swain.
 tried to open my car door with my soda on top of it. a bastard tried to take my soda with him. all 44 ounces was on me and my car.
 i lost my friend's documents because i erased them and put them in my laptop, which bluescreened on me and upgraded it's videocard, so if i had put her documents in my laptop they are now gone forever.
 i've been dating a guy for a few weeks, we like each other, he is going through a divorce and i am gonna go ahead and find a good \friend\ and skip the string of one night stands and find a good \friend\. he is going through a divorce and i am gonna go ahead and skip the string of one night stands and find a good \friend\. he is going through a divorce and i am gonna go ahead and skip the string of one night stands and find a good \friend\. he is going through a divorce and i am gonna go ahead and skip the string of one night stands and
 drank too much, didn't pee, had dreams, ended up peeing on my girlfriend while cuddling and sleeping. we are still together 5 months later.
 bitch tied my dog to a rocking horse, i didn't see her for 5 months, she asked me to help her after she broke her heel.
 i went to brush my teeth in my pyjamas in the middle of the night, slipped on condensation on the window sill, and a 6 year old argentinian girl opened the bathroom door at 1 in the morning to see me naked, moaning on the floor of my bathroom, covered in white stuff all over my chest.
 i'm stuck at the zheng zhou airport in henan china after my uncles picked up my mom and little sister. they probably think i'm in the other uncles car... and so i'm stuck at the zheng zhou airport in henan china....
 tried to uninstall steam to fix the laggy client, ended up deleting all of my games and almost threw my laptop to the wall. fuck steam.
 got a text from my brother asking if i would be able to pick him up from the highway. parked in an open space in front of a trailer park entrance. got pulled over and arrested.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i ordered gtx 970 from amazon , they didn't refund my import tax , now i will lose 93.52 usd for this purchase.
 i 'prank-texted' my friend's friend who i had never spoken to before, she called her father and was close to crying.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i wiped my keyboard with a cloth and the key came off and broke the white clips that hold the key in place. even the key is damaged since the part where the clips attach are broken.
 went to a night club with some friends, cuddled with a girl i've known for a while, got into a fight with a jerk and lost.
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 i wrote \i love you 3\ on balloons for my girlfriend's birthday and now she's expecting a proposal at some point in the near future.
 i left my hairbrush in my vajayjay and my brother found it and now uses it on a daily basis. i'm a dumbass.
 went to a music festival, had sex with a guy, he vomited in my bag, fell asleep, woke up the next morning to vomit in my bag.
 i applied icy hot to my dick and it burned like hell. then i made a makeshift cast with shit ton of bounty and wrapped it like a burrito.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 tried to transfer pictures from my phone to my mom's iphone, ended up sending her a series of pictures of my dad making out with a guitar.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i went into my father's house with shields up and may have permanently alienated the girlfriend i've been trying to get along with for the past two years.
 ** stacked 5 sets of amiibo on top of each other and all of a sudden they all started falling down on me while i was watching simpsons.
 Unknown error},
 my dad's girlfriend thinks i'm a facebook stalker, i screenshot her facebook page and send it to my crush saying \is this really your birthday?\
 i shit myself on a waterslide at a water park and had to be watched by a bunch of people who had vhs tapes of the whole thing..
 made a joke about not losing any fingers while cutting meat, new clerk saw it and told me i might lose one of his fingers. now i feel like an ass.
 farted after anal, didn't think it was just an ache, went out to bar, walked into a stranger's bathroom and farted.
 i forgot to write down my data recovery code for a game, and now i can't play it because it's in frackin' moonspeak.
 i used a fire extinguisher for the first time and it went off in my car while i was driving home. i'm now covered in white powder.
 went ice skating, left wallet at home, drove an hour late, spent 3 dollars in toll fees and drove home an hour late because i forgot my wallet.
 went on a boat trip to egypt, shit in the toilet, forgot people were told not to use the toilets, had to mop it all off my cheeks.
 met a guy at starbucks, thought he was my date, turns out he was actually a friend of my best friend's who'd gone to guatemala together.
 my best friend's boyfriend is going to propose to her, i ask her if she's pregnant, she replies \no - why?????\ then i send \are you engaged?\ with her response \no - why!?!?!\ simultaneously, kelly sends me this text: *please don't say anything to tiffany, she doesn't know any of the news and it's a surprise* so immediately i promulgate **what the fuck** because *of fucking course dave is going to propose to tiffany*, they're in her home country with her parents and they've been great together
 i dared my vegan flatmate to go up to his room and say \i wish i were you\ at my birthday party. he did and now my flatmates are pissed.
 i was babysitting a kitten for a few days and she got bored and crawled into my entertainment unit. i tried to pull her out and she attacked me.
 i went to church camp with a girl and got blue balled 3 times and now she wants me to ask her out and i'm holding off because there is a 60 mile gap between us.
 i forgot my phone at the cinema, borrowed my wifes phone, drove to the cinema and found my phone at the ticket office. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to give my girlfriend a slap, ended up scratching her cornea. she couldn't see, we went to the er. doctors are unsure.
 i tried to reenact a scene from a movie in the dark and ended up farting on a cushioned chair that i don't own and my partner found out.
 co-workers found 2 dollars on the ground, i thought it was my money and turned it into the manager's office, turns out it was my own money.
 Unknown error},
 i ate some adhesive crackers at work, ate some sharts, and now i'm running through underbrush to my house to shit.
 hit a pile of dog poop with a weed whacker, dog shit hand grenade went off, spent the rest of the day cleaning dog shit off myself.
 locked myself out of my rental car, tried to unlock it with hot water and an ice bucket, ended up with another rental car in the same parking lot.
 i projectile vomited in the doctor's office and the guy who said i was fine was caught in it. i still have a scar from the op.
 i wacked a hot girl's hair, she dropped my new phone, it broke and now i have to pay $300 to a repair shop.
 met a new employee at work, didn't know he had a mental disability, his mum found out and reported him to the boss, he died.
 i farted on a random guy at the gym, he ran out of the gym and i'm pretty sure i'll never see him again.
 i went to a movie theater that was run down and ended up watching the opening credits of paper towns in 8-bit text. i'm an idiot.
 i'm too old to get up on a bus and sit next to a group of hot girls who are all at least 19, probably heading to a club.
 woke up with a tick under the head of my penis, am holed up in hotel bathroom pouring mouthwash on it, don't know how to remove it.
 my friend's sister sent me a nude pic, i kept the phone in my pocket, my friend unlocked it, i confessed about our relationship to his sister.
 tried to scare a girl out of swimming with a dead spider, ended up killing her and drowning her in the pool. i'm a dumbass.
 trusted a fart, got soaped up, chocolate river spewed all over the tub and shower walls, slid off the toilet as i'm spewing chocolate all over the sides of the toilet.
 went on vacation, didn't buy enough condoms, girlfriend bought a pregnancy test, it's positive, i'm gonna be a dad in nine months.
 jizzed all over my keyboard, password to my computer is \fuckyou\, now i have to use my girlfriends computer and she is going to be home watching her stupid shows.
 got adhd, took vyvanse, didn't get to spend my girlfriend's birthday with her, she didn't get to spend her birthday with me.
 used my vibrator too hard, lost control of my bladder, peed myself in my driveway, 12 hours later, lost control of my bladder again.
 i gave my laptop to a friend who broke it and now i'm out $960 in hardware plus the software that was on it. i'm a dumbass.
 i applied foot powder to my pelotas in the heat of the day and it set them on fire. it\u2019s not that long of a story.
 jerked off and jizzed into my eyeball. now it's super red and hurts pretty bad. also first time poster. also double fuck up.
 **: met a woman on an online dating site, had sex with her, she knows my family, and apparently had a fling with my brother in law.
 told my friend i loved her when she was in a lot of pain because i thought it would be ok. turns out it wasn't, and i am now single.
 i peed on myself while on vacation in ecuador and forgot the key to my hotel room. i am sitting in front of my door connected to the hotel wifi
 went to homecoming dance, didn't know cha cha slide was a thing, started bumping into people and stepping on feet, everyone wanted to kick my ass.
 i was charged an extra $25 because the cashier thought i was buying 5 reusable bags, i flipped out and cause a mess in the kitchen and at the end of the day feel like shit. since there wasn't any proof of me *not* buying the reusable bag i could not get my money back, so i calmly ask to see the security camera footage but the manager says he has no access. he is a fucking *manager* wtf?) so i yell \motherfucker do your job!\ and he says that he will call the cops if i talk to him with such manners, so i storm out of the
 told my kids plankton's is a cum bucket, and now my kids think i'm a cum bucket slut. and my wife thinks i'm a cum bucket slut.
 i wore a t-shirt which read \international secret intelligence service\ to a picnic at kennywood park and got stopped by a security guard.
 i tried to introduce myself to a hot girl at work, she didn't respond, and i didn't get to see her for a few days.
 i asked a girl out, she didn't respond, i tried to be the funny bastard i am, now everyone is messing with me at school.
 don't get lazy kids. don't get lazy kids. don't get lazy kids. don't get lazy kids. don't get lazy kids.
 tried to tell my teacher i didn't know i couldn't play on soccer net frames during recess, teacher thought i was cussing him out under my breath.
 took my shirt off on a longboard, ended up in the hospital with a concussion and a road rash. my girlfriends best friend came by the next day to check on me and asked for my address.
 i called my friend phil collins from devo a dipshit, and he called me phil collins from genesis a dipshit.
 i left my pants on the floor last night with a cat in the house that is known to enjoy peeing all over my stuff. it was then i realized that i had left my pants on the floor last night with a cat in the house that is known to enjoy peeing all over my stuff. it was then i realized that i had left my pants on the floor last night with a cat in the house that is known to enjoy peeing all over my stuff. it was then i realized that i had left my pants on the floor last night with a cat in the house that is known to enjoy peeing all over my stuff. it
 smacked myself in the face with a camera a few days ago, opened up a small nose bleed in the shower, thought i had a massive gash on my body.
 i tried to open a coke bottle with a meter stick and ended up covering the entire classroom in coke and making my teacher think i was a coke addict.
 i got so drunk at a party that i forgot to put ice in my margarita and lost my memory of the night. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i accidentally wrote \regards\ instead of \retards\ in an email to a large group of co-workers, and had to issue an apology.
 i threw a piece of bread at my principal and got suspended from school for the rest of the day and now i can't go back to school.
 i was driving a box truck, tried to pass a car on my right, hit a telephone pole on the passenger side, scraped up the driver's brother's car.
 told a girl that i would have fingered her if she honked at me. she thought i was telling her that i would have fingered her.
 my mom used my dad's razor to shave her face because i left it out on the counter and it was the first one she saw, and now she will never use it again.
 i mentioned to a coworker that i needed weed, she found out it was in fact her that i was talking about, she's in line to take the new gm position.
 i accidentally walked into the closing doors of the elevator twice in the span of 30 seconds and my phone fell out of my hand. fuck finals week.
 my phone slipped through a hole in my jeans, and i had to jump around like a retard in the middle of a crowded tram to get it out.
 told my boss's wife she had a nice hole and with a big stupid grin. looks like i won't be working for them for the summer.
 i said a dress made my eyes hurt and she returned it because she said all she would think at the funeral would be 'it makes my eyes hurt.'
 i tried to shave in the shower and cut my crotch instead. now i can't feasibly place a bandaid and can't work out.
 left leftover cake and pie in my girlfriend\u2019s car. a bug flew up from under her seat and attacked her. i tried to bat it out of the car.
 got drunk, saw a eva mendes doppelgnger, tried to get her back before alcohol kicked in, she ran out of the bar.
 i forgot to put my laptop in the car, it passed under the front tire, i stoped the car and realized what happened, the laptop is still alive and working.
 went to work in the women's washroom, got caught by a woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall next to me, got caught by another woman in the stall
 i sneezed on my period pad, got a faint stain and a rusty color, and managed to go through my pad when sneezing. fml.**
 i fucked up by closing the door to the rooftop at school, one of the pieces of shit that bully ned broke the door and punched me in the face.
 tried to move best man's truck and ended up spilling wedding reception's liquor all over the street. had to pay $300 to get it back.
 i drove with a dead phone and my car died in the middle of the interstate. people thought i was a murderer using the \my car died\ excuse.
 cops thought i was trying to break into my parents' car and sent 3 squad cars to my building because they thought i was trying to break into their car.
 went to a kid's house with a friend, got into a fight with his mom, got pushed out of the house and scared the shit out of my friend.
 i set up a facebook account through the phone app, people start freaking out and send me a bunch of invites. account is set up and people start freaking out a little bit and send me a bunch of invites. account is set up and people start freaking out a little bit and send me a bunch of invites. account is set up and people start freaking out a little bit and send me a bunch of invites. account is set up and people start freaking out a little bit and send me a bunch of invites. account is set up and people start freaking out a little bit and send me a bunch of invites. account is set
 dropped my receipt into a supermarket machine, a little boy climbed into it to get it for me, he got sucked into the machine as well and had to be rescued by his parents.
 told a racist guy that i was half black and he spit on my hoodie and then i punched him to the ground and the police showed up to arrest me.
 forgot to lock the door, filipino walks in, squeezes one out, screams and runs out, horrified girl has to leave the office to regain her composure.
 \u2013 slept in the living room of a friend\u2019s house, woke up to my wife\u2019s spastic kicking and a whispered shout of \u2018onewhowonders, something just bit me and i saw it crawl out of the bed!\u2019 that\u2019s not something that you really want to hear under normal circumstances, but definitely not in australia, where it seems like 34 of everything is poisonous.
 my uncle had asked me to record him with a video camera years ago. he asked me to record him again a few months ago when i had met the woman of my dreams. someone recognized me from the video feed and thought i was my girlfriend.
 i dared a 6yo girl to undress, she did, i took her clothes, her mom came home, her daughter ran to her saying \mommy, he made me undress and took my clothes today!\
 i fell asleep with a bag of peas on my neck and woke up with pea juice all the way down into my mattress. i'm an idiot.
 set alarm to wake up early for job trial, woke up and looked at the clock, missed 3 calls from potential boss. too embarrased to call back.
 met a german exchange student, got to know her pretty well, she broke up with her boyfriend because of me, i got to know her pretty well, she broke up with her boyfriend because of me, i got to know her pretty well, i got to know her pretty well, she broke up with her boyfriend because of me, i got to know her pretty well, i got to know her pretty well, i got to know her pretty well, she broke up with her boyfriend because of me, i got to know her pretty well, i got to know her pretty well, i got to know her pretty well, i
 i didn't read my group's first draft of a paper before sending it to my professor. he didn't look at it until two days before the deadline.
 snuck out during the night with a bunch of friends to get some fresh air, ended up walking around my neighborhood for about 10 minutes before one of them suggested we ditch someone's house.
 didn't realize i had a crush on a girl i was friends with in 8th grade, went to a horror place with her and her friend, went through a lot of shit.
 i forgot to plug in my deep freezer and now i have to make a huge pot of chicken noodle soup with 10lbs of chicken legs and 7lbs of bbq ribs.
 tried to cheer my boyfriend up, ended up getting concussed by a pillow and now my phone screen looks blue and i giggle and go \prooootection!\
 i stole a special education kid's ball and a lady grabbed him thinking he was a normal kid and i laughed at her and my friends were crying.
 i didn't want to come out of my room, a girl walks in and asks me if i hate/dislike her, i explain that every time i've seen her she was talking to someone so i didn't want to butt in. she responds with an \oh okay\ and a smile which almost brought me off the couch and onto my knees.
 took shrooms in a 5 star hotel in amsterdam, created my own hell in my hotel room, got caught by the cops and had my penis looked at.
 i sold a car to a client who is going through a nasty divorce and told him he only has his best interests at heart and she only has his best interests at heart.
 danced with an unclean razor blade in my hand and ended up cutting the first knuckle on my left index finger clean through and deep when i crossed my hands.
 let go of bus pole, threw phone into stranger's chest, got a ride to work. fuck bus drivers. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. fuck people. f
 i'm moving to another country in a two month's time and can't go back to living out field because i didn't read the packet.
 dream about the girls in my class, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with them, dream about them when i'm not with
 tried to cook a bag of rice in a container, it melted through the container and now i have 3 alarms going off at the same time in my apartment.
 went to an off campus party, smoked a bong, blacked out twice, girl i was crushing on finds out, thinks i'm a dumbass.
 i bought pepper spray and sprayed myself in the face with it while trying to throw away trash at my apartment complex's dumpster/trash compactors.
 ran my hands across a lever in case of fire and almost set the building on fire. had to walk to the front of the building with fire trucks and an ambulance.
 wilt chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not neville chamberlain, not
 ate way too much last night, shit my pants, kicked a shoe across the room, bong spilled water on wood floors. i am a defeated man.
 i fucked up by replying to a girl with \idk\ instead of \hi\ and lost my chance with an absolutely gorgeous girl because of it.
 i went to my friend's grandma's to eat chicken and ended up getting yelled at and banned from her house for the rest of my life.
 didn't pay attention to what i was doing in the garden, now i'm scratching my head and feeling like i'm going to die.
 bought a bar of chocolate, didn't have sex due to it, friends bought me chocolate flavoured lube, condoms, and a chocolate penis cake.
 my friend told me to date a girl i like, i thought my crush liked him too, i gave him the green light and now i feel bad.
 gave a guy a bag of weed for free, he got mad and flashed a gun at me, causing a lot of trouble and getting a lot of my friends hurt.
 i ordered a feta cheeseburger at the grocery store and thought it was cheddar. turns out it's not cheddar and i'm a new englander.
 i broke my thumb trying to open a macadamia nut with a pair of scissors, had to have a 16,000 euro surgery and spent the next 6 months relearning how to use my thumb.
 went to the dentist for my half-year checkup, got a snot stuck in my mouth, forgot to turn off the sink, overflowed the sink and flooded the room.
 told a black guy at work that i heard my own name on the news, it wasn't me, it was just another person called -(my name)- that drowned her baby in a bath tub.
 i broke my living room tv because my little brother listened to a song that i told him not to listen to and my mom threw a cup at me.
 i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then i gave myself a hickie because i was bored and i sucked on my arm and then
 got a tinder match, played left 4 dead 2, got knocked out by a witch, tinder is down, and i'm pretty sure i have reached a new level of virginity.
 i didn't tell my crush that i didn't want to make out with him, and he texted me a few minutes later asking if i was still at school.
 i tried to find out if a kid was related to my mom's babysitter, ended up asking him if he had any sisters, and then walked away.
 i called my friends dad a bitch for bailing on us, ended up drinking lithuanian moonshine, got sick, and was called a bitch by his dad.
 tried to trade a knife for bitcoins, ended up being scammed out of a whole dollar and my skype name by a guy i met on a trading website.
 tried to be james bond and gave a girl a taste of me, she won't be hanging out with me anymore because i'm a dick.
 i was too much of a strain on reasources and they couldn't handle me, and now i have to move back home for a while.
 i drooled on an old man's birthday cake ice cream and it fell out of my mouth and landed in the bucket of ice cream at the cafeteria.
 i didn't do my accounting in the last lesson, teacher e-mailed my mom, she forwarded it to me and my dad, dad beat my ass.
 i was speeding down a newly paved street and forgot about the last light where the pedestrians cross the road to get from the park to the lido. i tried to brake but my front wheel already hit the truck's bumper and my head slammed right into that huge metal bar which is part of the lifting construction.
 held a baby octopus, peed a little, and dropped it all within the span of a couple heart beats... i screamed like a school girl, peed a little, and dropped it all within the span of a couple heart beats... i tried to tell the locals to leave it alone, it is deadly... they laughed, ignored me and one immediately fished it back out with his hand. (see photo 2) i realized they wouldn't listen so of course i took pictures (photo 3) and we departed the caves as a youngster went away with the blue ring in a cut up water bottle.
 asked an old lady if she wanted my seat on a public bus, she screamed at me, i got the fuck out of there before i got attacked by a mob of old ladies.
 sent my friend a video snap of me yelling at him to \fuck math biotch!\ he opened it in class and now he's switching classes.
 skipped breakfast before getting my first tattoo, almost passed out in front of the artist. learned a valuable lesson, always eat before you go to the tattoo studio.
 my friends and i painted my car with spray paint, and had to pay out of pocket for them to respray it with primer and another coating because of our stupidity.
 asked a customer if he was paying for his mom's food, turns out he was paying for his wife's food, turns out i'm an asshole.
 i threw a rod into my old ford ltd, and tried to do a \senior prank\ by disassembling it, only to have the whole thing come off in my dad's hand.
 ate new york reuben flavored potato chips and farted so loud you could hear it through the walls of an office park restroom. i'm the only male in the building so everyone knows it was me.
 shook the hand of someone i hadn't seen in a long time, and 5 of my new coworkers thought i was an asshole for it.
 tifu by telling my boss i cleared my history of \white guy with the biggest penis\ when it was from a bar conversation from last night.
 tried showing off to my new teacher, got pushed into her classroom and scared the shit out of my friends. i'm forever greatful of her.
 i moved in with my cousin's friends, got into a fight with my cousin's friend, blew up my friendship with one of them, lost a \u00a3100 deposit and had to pay for an extra month of electricity and gas.
 i left an ipad on the roof of my car on my last day on the job, ended up breaking it, and quitting my job in the process.
 accidentally called penn state the wrong team during a fantasy football draft at work. now i'm stuck in a league i'm not supposed to be in.
 bought a ga ticket on viagogo, friend offloaded it, viagogo offered me a \restricted view\ ticket as a replacement, turns out viagogo are full of shit.
 got a pair of adidas yeezys, paid via debit card, adidas tried to charge me again, called work to tell them i have been sacked.
 upgraded my laptop from windows 7 to windows 10 and broke my hdd, leaving me with no money and no way to gain any income through youtube... in italy there are no weekly paid jobs and, in general, they do not hire for less than a month... in italy there are no weekly paid jobs and, in general, they do not hire for less than a month... in italy there are no weekly paid jobs and, in general, they do not hire for less than a month... in italy there are no weekly paid jobs and, in general, they do not hire for less than a month... in italy there are
 i froze a galaxy tab 10in. at costco, asian couple tried to reset it and it said kitkat imitating the wrapper of a kitkat bar.
 went to take my brother to work, didn't have a green arrow, got hit by another car and now i'm on the hook for over $1000.
 i didn't have a period and submitted a 5 page paper, and failed my class because i didn't have a single period on the paper.
 thought i was getting tuition assistance for college when i wasn't, now i'm going to have to pay $3000 instead of $250 for books and fees.
 i pulled over to remove a tree limb on the way to work, got my truck stuck in the mud, and had to call the police to get it towed.
 i left a knife in my pocket while camping and woke up in the middle of the night covered in ants and crawling on my junk. i am a dumbass.
 ** my friend's dog died, i tried to console her by telling her that my friend's dog has the personality of a puppy. turns out she has a puppy.
 wore my favorite jacket on the first day of school, fainted from heat and had to be taken to the infirmary where i drank some water.
 sold a pistol to an ex navy guy, he carjacked someone in a grand am, and landed himself on interpol's most wanted list.
 i didn't go for a girl because i'm a pussy. now she is moving across the country and i'm not sure what will happen.
 typed out \lesbian penuses\ on the teachers computer, projector projected it across the wall in large bold writing, got caught and told off.
 played a game of risk with a bunch of friends, one of them propositioned me to betray him and take all of europe for myself, and i did.
 i drew a picture of leonardo dicaprio for the latin club\u2019s winter formal and it got rejected by the publicity person because she wanted an ambiguous corridor.
 we bought a crappy car, tried to jump start it, it wouldn't start, called aaa, called a tow company, called aaa, called a tow company, called aaa, called a tow company, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called aaa, called
 i got a cum stain on my shirt that i didn't realize was there until i stepped out of the locker room at the gym this morning.
 i tried to brighten my day with a smile and ended up making my teacher think i'm an asshole who doesn't care about the weather.
 i forgot to post fliers for my sister's choir, didn't eat anything for four hours, and nearly passed out on the subway in the middle of the day.
 tried to make a mentally disabled man feel stupid for being an asshole for being an hour late, ended up making him feel like an asshole.
 had a jerk session, roommate came home early, i came face to face with him, i pretended to play it off as being in my birthday suit.
 forgot to close pornhub on my phone the night before and my favorite teacher opened safari on my phone all she saw was porn, porn everywhere
 i'm stuck in my car on a rural road in the middle of nowhere with no food or survival kit because i've been procrastinating getting a shovel.
 said hi to the dad of the owners, he doesn't speak english, got laughed at by my manager. i'm a dumbass.
 i farted in my grandma\u2019s butthole at the hospital. a nurse saw it and now she thinks i\u2019m an asshole.
 tried to be a cool kid by playing soccer with my neighbors and ended up diving for a ball and getting dog shit in the process. i'm a girl.
 met a girl for the first time in a year, flirted with her, she invited me to bake cupcakes for her brother's party, she told me her boyfriend was okay with it.
 had sex with my friend's mother's friend while she was away on vacation. she was dry and i was having none of it. i found a tube of ky in my friend's mother's nightstand.
 met a girl on tinder, she snaps me a lot, she doesn't respond, i stop texting her, at 2am i checked snapchat and saw a picture of her with some guy who popped up in some of the snaps she sent me titled 'couple time!' and yeah.
 i washed my face/put my fingers in my mouth with blood from my penis, thinking it was her period, and now i feel like i'm going to pass out.
 tried to play video games in the dorm lounge, almost blew up the microwave and almost killed myself by setting the cup of noodles on fire, then trashing his noodles.
 drank coke while watching anime, spewed it all over my laptop, cleaning it up as much as possible while typing this from my mobile. fml.
 i took a shit so big it could not be flushed and had to destroy the brown beast. i then covered the toilet brush in shit and had to clean it.
 i farted in the car while driving back to work, got locked out of my office, and had to go to another office to use the bathroom.
 went to a party with a girl i've known for a while, made out with her, didn't do it, got chewed out by her father.
 i dreamt of peeing in my sleep, woke up in the middle of the night, peed on my boyfriend's bed and had to tell him.
 i masturbated in front of jehovahs, they saw me jerking off in the middle of the night, and never saw me again.
 my cleaning lady ate an entire strawberry wafflecone zenbar thc-infused edible that i left lying around because i didn't want to fuck with it
 i'm not racist. i'm an open minded person. i'm not racist. i'm an open minded person. i'm not racist. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an open minded person. i'm an
 didn't flush at work. poop colored water came out of toilet. had to mop up poop water. customer wasn't there when i was done.
 mom showed me a video of some cop singing along to taylor swift and i told her what the fuck?! clean it up (in a dissapointed way not commanding her) and she apologizes and reaches for my trashcan and fucking picks up one of my jizzpapers. i sit there paralyzed in horror as my fucking mother is holding one of my seamen filled jizz papers. she tries to clean it up but the paper is already wet and it sticks to the floor and to her hand. i start shouting for her to get out and she throws back the jizz wad and apologizes and quickly leaves, leaving me
 got really drunk for my birthday, puked all over the bathroom and the carpet, had to clean the stairwell with weed i had in a pocket.**
 went to yugioh regionals, didn't wash my hands, ate mc donald's, shit myself in the trunk of a car.
 went to a funeral for my dad's cousin who had just lost her mother and her husband, and told her brother how great of a person he was.
 i didn't believe in the mormon church when i was 16 and now i can't tell my friends, family, and co-workers that i don't believe in the church anymore.
 i didn't shut my door properly and my dog ate my cum and now i don't have cum stains on the floor or in the bin.
 tried toothpaste as lube, burned my penis, sat in my bathroom for the next 10 minutes holding my penis in agony, went to sleep.**
 i jerked off to a porn stach video while my mother was laying in my bed and now i can't talk to her the same way.
 i thought my house had been broken into and i was going to punch him in the face and catch him off guard. i couldn\u2019t let him know i was one
 had sex with my girlfriend in her house, her grandfather caught us in an intense kissing position and noticed my boner, which made him angrier.
 went to drop my gf at her house, saw a black guy in a mask, thought he was hurt, almost ran him over, noped out of there.
 wore shorts that were full of inactivated laundry soap on a water ride at hershey park. soap suds poured out of my legs, leaving snail trails behind me.
 i got jury duty, drank coffee for the first time, pooped in a parking garage, thought it was my dad's quote about coffee making me poop.
 i jerked off to my dog on the couch in front of my wife and a few co workers. they logged into a live feed of it and didn't say a word.
 tried to trim my cat's claws, ended up cutting her butt, and now she's walking around with her butt in the air and mrowing a lot.
 i tied a scarf around my face to prevent the smell of my dog's poop from getting to me and ended up with a vomit rag tied to my face.
 i fucked my best friend's brother in a tent while he was asleep and he heard moans the next day when he got a moment alone with her.
 woke up to the sound of final fantasy victory fanfare, then realized my computer was 5 hours ahead of everybody in my timezone. now i am operating on one hour of sleep.
 i decided to do a poo in the library toilets, the cistern didn\u2019t flush, my own poop was floating in the cistern, mocking me for my earlier arrogance.
 had to shit, couldn't get the door open, shit in the trash can, hid the trash can in the back corner of the locker room.
 i asked my new co-worker if she and her boyfriend were saving up for a boat, to which she replied \i'm gay. that's just a promo pic for the boat that me and my girlfriend are saving up for\.
 read father/daughter internet history, laughed quietly, whispered \beautiful\, partner didn't hear, now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 my boyfriend ate me out and now i have pussy warts for the rest of my life and no one is ever going to date me because i have herpes
 i mistook a pen lid for a dog poop and yelled at my dog for pooping under my desk, only to realise that it was a discarded pen lid.
 i laughed at my dad's r/dadjokes, and he decided to recite them in front of the cashier at a supermarket. she almost died.
 i told my librarian to go to a porn website and it was reported to the authority and redtube was banned in my country and i've ruined my relationship with her.
 i'm a phone sex operator and my mom called me while i was on the phone with a guy who wanted me to punch him in the balls.
 i was friendly to a stranger waiting for the bus in the cold and snow. he asked me if i wanted to eat out with him. i said no thank you.
 went to the men's restroom at work, toilet seat slipped out from under me, caught the skin of my left nut between it and the porcelain.
 didn't wake up, parents took my car to repair shop, found my condoms in my moms \eco\ bag, told my gf about it.
 made eye contact with a mexican police officer while making out with a mexican girl. he was sitting five feet away chilling out. i hightailed it to her car which was parked along the street a few blocks down. we quickly hightailed it to her car which is parked along the street a few blocks down, being guarded all night by my man pepe for a few dollars. we quickly hightailed it to her car which is parked along the street a few blocks down, being guarded all night by my man pepe for a few dollars. we quickly hightailed it to her car which is parked along the street a few blocks
 my crush is married for 5 years and i dont know if i want to get divorced but i would preffer to be with her and i would love to be with her
 tried to give my friend peanut butter to console him after his cat died, accidentally ordered it from mars and it's going to cost me $85.
 i put my contacts in the toilet, and the solution leaked out, leaving my remaining lens unusable. i bobbed my lens out of the toilet, rinsed it as best i could, and prayed not to get an eye infection.
 i gave my dogs bread dough that didn't rise in the breadmaker. they ate it, and i had a triple dog snuggle in my lap.
 got drunk, took a girl home, she put drugs in my asshole, lucky charms guy tried to get me to eat his marshmallows but i didn't want to.
 i'm dating someone who might look a little like my mom and my mom thinks i'm dating someone who might look a little like my aunt.
 i got a leg cramp on a bus, pissed off the driver, and hobbled my way onto the bus. it looked like i was going to die.
 i pooped in a dumpster in front of a high class restaurant and then proceeded to wipe my ass with the dumpster's contents before jumping into the shower with my shorts on.
 i downloaded tinder to my phone, deleted it, and now my co-workers think i'm a scat enthusiast who is cheating on my wife via tinder.
 i got into an accident at the gym and ended up in the emergency department of the local hospital. got triaged in fairly quickly. had to pee while waiting in line for an x-ray and ct scan. nurse in her early/mid 20s walks into my cubicle with perfect skin, a cute face and beautiful brown eyes. he's holding something that looks like [this](http://img.medicalexpo.com/images_me/photo-m2/stainless-steel-urinal-man-horizontal-70335-4071935.jpg).
 i set my email as \jesus christ\ and the director of a hospital i'm volunteering at saw my email. i'm an idiot.
 i went to a basketball game and convinced myself that a girl was into me. we lost the game and i feel like an asshole for it.
 customer went ape shit crazy, i lost my shit and shouted at him down the phone \i can't remove your number from our system unless you give me your fucking number for fuck sakes.\
 ran down the stairs to shut off my cat's air compressor and he peed on my pregnant wife in the middle of the night while i was playing games with my brother.
 washed my clothes in the basement, watched a youtube video of dogs sniffing butts, realized my clothes were still being washed when i leaned over to resume the video.
 felicia accused me of trying to kiss her against her will, principal didn't believe her, and i got a concussion from a kickball ball.
 i sprayed pepper spray in the face of a thief because i couldn't physics and i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 my boyfriend asked me to try something new, i heard him say \i want to try some lube\ and he touched my face thinking it was an accident. turns out it wasn't an accident and he didn't think it was funny at all. his mood (as well as his erection) completely deflated.
 i cracked my back while working on minecraft, and now i have a gimpy shoulder, and i can't do anything for a few days.
 don't talk to your parents when they are talking to each other. they will talk to you when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they are talking to each other. they will talk to me when they
 left my wallet at my family's house which is an hour and half away and i didn't have a car to get it to the store.
 went to a friends house for the first time, talked to a nice girl the whole night, ended up talking to her about a movie i hadn't seen in ages.
 i got a text from a friend saying \get over here\ and i freaked out thinking she was going to be hurt or dead and spent the rest of the night trying to get ahold of her.
 my friend's toddler is named iris, not isis, and i made a comment about her toppling the empire. her mom told me it was iris, not isis.
 wife asked me if i could have another woman in the world who it would be. i said that it would be an exact copy of her twin sister.
 i had a painful fart that i couldn't get out of my poop tube, so i decided to do a naked butt belch in front of a six year old girl.
 i fucked up by screwing a metal poster to my heel instead of my wall and had to have it unscrewed by hand. i'm an idiot.
 i fucked up by smoking weed before court and now i'm pretty sure i'm going to jail. i don't know what's gonna happen but i'm pretty sure i'm going to jail.
 i went on a mail run, met the most gorgeous girl i've ever laid my eyes upon, and she asked me to help her get a package back to her department.
 i don't have a tifu for you, and now people are going to hate me for lying about having a tifu, and thus my tifu.
 had stomach cramps, trusted a fart, ran with one's legs apart to find a restroom, took a huuuge dump with tissues and by they way with my life jacket on.
 ** i sent a chain text to everyone on my contacts, including a girl i liked and asked out, a girl i asked out last year, and my boss.
 girlfriend's cat chewed through my headphones. i left them on the coffee table. cat decided they were his toy. i'm an asshole.
 rescued a baby bird from a cat, tried to put it out of it's misery, hit it with a spade, and killed it to my kids.
 went to a buffet in the middle of nowhere and ended up at a horse ranch in the middle of nowhere. i'm a fatass now.
 i sold my xbox on craigslist, accepted fake $100 bills, and lost my xbox and some naivete. i'm not going to get any money out of it.
 my license was due to be suspended in july, when i picked up the letter in the end of may i read that it was due on the 27th of july. my license was due to be suspended in july, when i picked up the letter in the end of may i read that it was due on the 27th of july. my license was due to be suspended in july, when i picked up the letter in the end of may i read that it was due on the 27th of july. my license was due to be suspended in july, when i picked up the letter in the end of may i read that
 my coworkers have seen my youtube alias \m takada\ instead of my real name for a month and a half because i'm a dumbass.
 tried to show my gf the game i was playing, ended up killing my horse and breaking my gf's teeth. i'm an asshole.
 i bought a workout program while i was on ambien, and now i have to pay $110 for a program i could have bought for $29 if i wasn't on drugs.
 told a girl i was going to spit on her nannies putrid and unforgiving fart pipe while she gives me a gummer. tried telling her it was sent to the wrong person, never heard back
 wore a burgundy pencil skirt to class, unzipped the zipper in front of my students, and now they think i'm an asshole.**
 went to camp, forgot to put on sunscreen, looked like kylie jenner's lips and elmo's nose at the end of it.
 told a potential new boss my boss is a bully, then he got to the job and now i'm not sure if i'm going to get it.
 i called poison control because i was curious as to the effects of propofol if someone were to drink it. i'm an icu nurse.
 tried to be a good little helper by putting goldfish back in their tank, ended up killing two of them and making the tank look like a death trap.
 filled up my friend's head with an electronic cigarette, he yelled \thanks for the head\ in front of everyone in my shared house and loud enough for everyone to hear.
 tried to get out of a parking space, ended up in the wrong place at the wrong time and had to crawl out with my rear-view mirror open.
 my sister and i caught a frog, got mobbed by a group of people, and one of them showed us a video of him sucking his dick.
 i hit my cat in the face with a paper plate, got her in the eye, and now she can't see out of her eye.**
 tried to play with the cats and ended up releasing a mountain of dust into the oatmeal i was making. i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry this morning. yeah, i am going to work hungry
 kicked my keys into a child's face, laughed, and left the eggs on the ground in the parking lot of the grocery store i went to.
 went to a gay birthday party, got asked if i like the girls from my country more, didn't pick up his signals and now he's trying to make sure i'm straight or not.
 found out my fiances uncle has access to my phone, ran to my laptop to remove his cellular device from mygmail account, found out he was cheating on me.
 i dropped springsteen's boss and his family off at bondi beach and they ended up getting soaked in a torrential downpour and had to wade through a river of water to get out of the van.
 i accidentally killed my gf's sister's hamster and then made a horrible joke about it to my gf's family in front of them.
 i tried to act out my dream of being a wwe fan and ended up breaking my foot on the way to the wrestling ring in front of 45 people.
 coworker and i find a giant cicada husk in a cubicle at work. we ask our supervisors if they can find out who brought it to work. cicada husk flips out of my hands and flies straight at my supervisor.
 ** i cut in front of a line of kids and their parents at disneyworld gift shop because i thought it was just two people. turns out it was 20+ people. i felt so bad that i just walked all the way back to the now 20+ people line with all the parents giving me dirty looks.
 i watched my drunk best friend change into her pajamas and change in front of me on skype. i freaked out and hid the skype window out of sight.
 i went on a date with my best friend's little sister, and told my friend i was thinking of asking her out. now i'm in a relationship with my best friend's little sister.
 shot a girl with a dunk tank, told her i'd get her wet without the dunk tank. never got her number and never got a second chance to not sound like bill cosby.
 i made my dad's s5 into a more usable phone and he threw it across the patio and threatened to kill me and my step mom.
 i went to a legal brothel to lose my virginity at the ripe old age of nineteen. ended up having the best time of my life with the girl i booked with.
 tried to open my car door, poured rubbing alcohol on it, and my wife opened the door in the freezing cold while i was outside trying to do so.
 i asked for just one box of food and ended up paying 43 dollars for a half eaten meal and a tiny bit of pasta and no lunch for tomorrow.
 tifu by missing a pass from a really attractive ebony lady while on shift. i work part time as a lot associate, for you of that don't know what a lot associate is, it's a fancy name for a cart boy. i'm the fellow who runs all over the store to help you folk load up your heavy objects in to your vehicle, give you a hand or when you're feeling lazy/entitled. either way, the main source of communication is a simple walkie talkie between me and the numerous cashiers that need help.
 i went to my girlfriend's grad party and got punched in the face by her boyfriend's friends for being \unpopular\ and not drinking.
 i called my bf while at work and my manager walked up and told me to hang up. i hung up and now im afraid i will get fired.
 i went to the grocery store and elbowed a woman in the face while trying to grab a box of cereal. i'm a fucking idiot.
 don't drink jack daniels tennessee fire in the middle of the night when you don't have pants on and you're in bed with no pants on.
 i tried to make dinner for my girlfriend and her dad, the glass cake dish exploded, the cake caught fire and the glass shrapnel cut her dad's leg.
 ate a trinidad scorpion pepper, shat myself, and got laughed at by my entire family. i'm not sure if i'll ever eat a scorpion pepper again.
 i told my best friend's wife not to take uber to his birthday dinner because i don't drink to the point of getting drunk, and ended up making her look like i just killed her baby.
 got oc spray, used spit as lube, dick felt like it was on fire, had to wait for an elevator to get to the pool.
 i made fun of a kid who was having a meltdown because he was working in a different department than mine and now my fiance thinks i'm an asshole.
 i fucked up by trying to use the wrong screws for the fan on my graphics card and causing my pc to go fucking nuts when i tried to play a game at 120 fps.
 took a shit in peace, didn't flush it, gf's mum found it all over the bowl and i didn't even address it.
 i left my clubs in my mom's car and she won't be back til late so i've gotta wait an entire week to hit the golf course.
 my step-mom left her car in the driveway for a week while she was in cuba, and i invited a few friends over for 4/20. the car stuttered out of the driveway, and my friend decided to park it where my step-mom left it. the car jolts forward and goes straight through the garage door. the garage door is completely destroyed and bent to hell pressing against the roof of the car. it took us over an hour to get it out.
 thought my friend was talking about the trunk of his truck, but he was talking about the trunk of his daughter's car. i told him we could help.
 didn't know americans spell the word color, got accused of plagiarizing in front of my dad because i didn't know americans spell the word color.
 left the toilet seat up, pissed on a kitten, woke up to a psychotic meowing and a kitten running around the house. don't leave the toilet seat up.
 i didn't listen to my friends when they told me to watch out for a girl who i thought was my best friend, and now i'm going to homecoming alone.
 held the door open for a cute girl, said \of course\ instead of \no problem\, she thought i said \intercourse\ and told her manager.
 tried to surprise my friends with presents the day before christmas, ended up rolling the car up front and then back into the car without being seen and ruining the surprise.
 i didn't plug my graphics card into my pc and it didn't work for months. i ordered my cpu and motherboard from ebuyer and they used yodel to deliver it.
 checked a bag on a Greyhound bus, didn't visually confirm that the checked bag actually got on the bus, and left it in a pile at a shady terminal.
 i said i wanted to watch a movie about a guy that cuts his arm off in front of a coworker who had lost an arm in an industrial accident.
 i used a piece of dental gauze to wipe my ass. it was the softest, most angelic feeling that i had ever experienced from any material while wiping my ass in my entire life.
 i told my girlfriend she can't go panty shopping, and now she wont talk to me because she knows ill change her mind, and don't drive down to her.
 went to trivago.com for a hotel reservation, didn't check in expedia.com for the dates of the reservation. booked for 10-11 january.
 laughed at a cop, wrecked my bmw, lost my license for 60 days and had to spend all my over time money to do a front end replacement.
 my dad didn't know how to spell roshean, my college didn't know how to spell my name, i had to change every exam i took that year.
 made a joke about my friend's mom not being able to make rent, found 300$ in an envelope, should i give it back or tell her the truth?**
 ripped my girlfriend's pants while she was getting ready to go to work and now she thinks i'm laughing at her because she's fat.
 my mom was asked to be a judge in a slam poetry competition because i was in the competition, but i was not in the competition because i had a panic attack.
 i broke my xperia z1 because i was angry at my girlfriend. she's fine now. i'm a dumbass. fml.
 slobbered on a glass of soda, thought it was condensation, didn't realize it was slobber until it was too late.
 i told my 3yo that santa doesn't give toys to disadvantaged kids. she cried and i'm not sure if i'll ever see her again.
 microwaved my morning micacle, went to put contacts in, popped a soda in my eye, ran out of microwave to celebrate the 4th of july.
 thought hump day meant showing off your hump as in ass.. that's what i assumed.. i've used it wrong many times..
 Unknown error},
 i wrote a nasty letter to a good friend and her mom found it. i feel terrible about it and feel guilty about killing a good friend that day.
 friend's brother is helping us out with our dogs, cops show up and shoot one of our dogs because he didn't give them the address.
 i sneezed so hard i dislocated my shoulder while trying to refill my dad's keurig at 1 am in the middle of the night while sick with a cold.
 roommate mentioned that he had been electrocuted by my light fixture, i thought there was no voltage in the light switch. turns out, plumbing carries voltage.
 my name is samuel, everyone called me sam all my life, i didn't realise until i was about 10, laughed at the poor fucknuckle with that name.
 girl asked me if i knew a guy from my school, which seemed random, until she said \he's my bf\ after that i was all confused and tired and somehow apologized to many times.
 told a girl i didn't care about her because i didn't like her as a friend, she lost her shit and went into a breakdown.
 i left my receipt in a trash bin, went to the supermarket to buy a razor, the security thought i stole the stuff in my pockets and arrested me.
 cut a friend's birthday cake, noticed the wax was melting, blew it out, everyone thought i was trying to blow the candles out, felt terrible
 i told my girlfriend to stop being a clean freak, and i ended up sleeping on the couch last night and making her breakfast this morning to make up for it.
 friend pulls out a bunch of street signs at the end of the night, everyone freaks out, i make them dispose of the signs, he comes back an hour later with more.
 i said \go away\ to a very attractive woman while she was about to give me her email. she laughed at me and wished me a merry christmas.
 i told my gay uncles and their eight year old adopted son that we should worry more about homosexuals running america and turning good christians like us queer.
 hung a band poster on a glasstop desk, it fell off, broke my monitors, my guitar, and my ps4 and took my tv with it.
 my mom's side of the family delegated bringing presents for the younger kids to my mom, and i didn't wrap one for one of them.
 i became friends with a girl, she liked me more than i liked her, i didn't say anything, she went on a date with another girl i was friends with.
 i was counting in a song and the guy who came in thought i flipped him off because i was counting in the song and i was counting in the song.
 i played the meshuggah beat in the middle of a middle-aged couple\u2019s house. they didn\u2019t think i was a creeper.
 i told my friend to throw away her burner phone, she threw it in the trashcan and it went off at 1 am and we haven't heard of anything about it.
 i sent my brother's gifts to my neighbors house. she saw them and was so happy. now i have to try and get them back.**
 i've been playing fallout 4 for four days and now i have to find each workbench that i came across and then walk it every so slowly back to my main base.
 tried to save an old lady's fall from a bumpy train, ended up throwing condoms out of my pocket and on the ground while people were getting off and on.
 got free upgrade to windows 10, wasted another day downloading and installing windows 10 on my laptop, laptop hangs when i begin installing bios drivers, laptop is nothing more than a brick.
 i ate a moldy subway sandwich, put it in my locker, and it smelled like a dead skunk's decomposing ass for a whole year.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i was told to do a u-turn at a roundabout but i didn't listen and ended up doing a u-turn into the oncoming lane.
 i got high for the first time in a couple of months, fell into a trance and didn't realize it until i was writhing around in my bed.
 i asked my sous chef what was up his ass. he ended up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about when he first got his glasses. he ends up talking about
 i've been half-charging my phone for the past few years because i didn't plug it in a regular outlet. now it's charging twice as fast.
 i drove my kids to the wrong house and backed into a car on the side of the street because i was in a hurry to get to my friend's house.
 i couldn\u2019t connect my ipod touch to the internet for the last 2 years because it wouldn\u2019t accept the password. then my sister\u2019s boyfriend typed the password in all caps and connected first try.
 i was too excited to wait for christmas and asked my mother to open one present for me, but she was half asleep at the time and didn't remember me asking.
 i went to star wars: the force awakens with a reserved seat in the 2nd to final row off to the side and away from the existing reservation majority in the center of the theater. i got there right on time and there were very few people in the theater but right where i expected them to be. another late arrival, a couple this time, starts making their way up and chooses the very last row behind me along with seats behind mine off to the left a bit. another late arrival, a couple this time, starts making their way up and chooses the very last row behind me along with seats behind mine off to the
 didn\u2019t want to go outside for christmas shopping, knocked over a bottle of water and shorted my laptop. now i have to buy a new motherboard.
 found out i'm not the funny guy at school, didn't say a thing, people thanked me for not talking, will be out soon.
 wrote pepe on whiteboard, teacher tried to wipe it off, everyone in class made fun of me and i was forced to get cleaning wipes and window spray.
 i asked a kid about his dead dad and he said he loved him and he was dead. we didn't speak for ages and never spoke about it
 i typed the name of the roommate on the lease into google and it explodes with information about her cult, how she communicates, and how we have robots living among us pretending to be human beings and such.
 helped a lady carry her luggage up the stairs, wind blew her skirt up, she started bowing down trying to cover her undies, i saw her panties.
 i rescued a kitten from my aunt's porch, named him caesar, and now my mom's cat is missing. i hate that i'll never know for sure.
 mom wasn't home all day, skipped school, hid in sisters closet, ran to my room, put pillows over me, jumped out my window, mom didn't think anything of it.
 i thought i had 43 upvotes and now i feel like i'm losing my virginity bc i didn't realize they were just the post numbers.
 sjws took over /r/shitredditsays and /r/punchablefaces and changed all of the rules, i got mad and sent an angry and hateful message to the mods before reading the rules (even though they weren't really relevant as they were only \post pictures of only white men\ or \end every post with peace be upon the female\) and the message at the top of the page saying the original rules (you could post pictures of anyone with a punchable face) would be restored.
 i parked a pillow and blankets in the back of my car, forgot to turn on the ac, and had to wait an hour for my mom to find me.
 i fell asleep at the wheel on the motorway, almost killed myself and my friend, and ended up hanging upside down in a ditch for a few minutes.
 i gave my friend a slice of my pizza while he was giving blood. he passed out an hour and a half later when i got out of class.
 read ashley madison's ashley madison story, used trustify to look for my family's email, got scammed, now everybody hates me.
 tried to ask out a girl at school, ended up tripping out in front of the whole class, and had to sit in the hall way for the rest of the day.
 tried to jump a battery on my wife's car, ended up frying the electrical system and probably going to have to pay a lot of money to get it fixed.
 i asked a girl if she had a special lady-friend in her life and frogman asked if she had a special lady-friend in her life.
 got high, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was blue, thought i was
 got a medical marijuana card, ate edibles, got high, threw up in carl's jr, would not have made it to the pier if my friend hadn't looked out for me.
 posted a question to /r/askreddit, forgot to check in on it, got 5,239 comments and 7 upvotes, missed the karma train.
 lost paychecks on 6th ave and 13th ave. found them face up in front of pinkberry. i'm a dumbass.
 went to a bar in zaadar, played backgammon with a group of middle-aged croatian dudes and ended up in a rundown hostel.
 i forgot to put water in my microwave and it caught on fire and now i can't eat ramen for the rest of the day. fml.
 my therapist told me i might be autistic, now my boss thinks i'm autistic, and i'm still not sure if i'm autistic.
 i thought a fat kid was fat and called him retarded. turns out he was actually retarded and i got sent to the head of the year.
 went backpacking in czech republic, ran out of money, couldn't afford to miss train back to germany, stayed up all nighter, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany, missed train back to germany,
 i told my brother i was afraid of going to the front of the class and getting a bohner and now the entire family knows and is laughing at me
 i'm a big child.. broke my laptop because i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'm a big child.. i'
 i replaced a cracked screen on a phone that had been sitting in the lost and found. the owner didn't want to talk to me and called the police on me.
 i was hired for a $16/hr job by a company that is reaping the money and windfall in both residential and commercial real estate that marijuana has brought to colorado. now i feel like a loser not being able to get a $16/hr job.
 drank too much at a party, ripped my pants as soon as i stooped to pick up my drink, girl i was talking to laughed so hard that she shit in her pants.
 got drunk at the park, pretended i was blackout drunk, aunt took me home, got grounded for a month, everyone still thinks i got blackout drunk**
 scrolled through my colleague's facebook profile and he was behind me the entire time. i didn't notice and he was behind me the entire time.
 threw a girl's jacket at her, killed all of her interest in me, then tried to hit myself in front of her after she said she was cold.
 dyed my face a hot pink/purple. tried to remove it with nail polish remover, scraped my skin raw, used toothpaste to remove it. ended up with a shitty face.
 i thought a stranger was my friend in a rental car drop off in london. turns out he wasn't my friend and i made a fool of myself.
 google ron jeremy instead of ron jeremy because i thought he was a soccer player and my boyfriend thinks i'm an athlete.
 i cut my bacon with a chef's knife, licked it off the blade, then cut my tongue with a chef's knife the next day.
 i sprayed myself in the face with a sprinkler because i didn't hold on to the hose and a pile of freshly watered dog crap. also, i live in the midwest.
 went to see a band, unzipped my hoodie, covered up part of the word \basement\, walked around with semen on my chest.
 made coffee with salt instead of sugar, it tasted like satan had risen from my kitchen floor and punched me in the throat. turns out it was salt.
 went on a hike in the middle of winter with my gf and a bunch of scouts, got lost in overgrowth and got escorted out by a helicopter.
 Unknown error},
 i went to a sensory deprivation tank for the first time with my parents and ended up having the most uncomfortable experience of my life. i'm not sure if i'll ever go back.
 read /r/pettyrevenge, walked into a metal box, ripped a hole in my only pair of pants they issued me and now my knee is bleeding. can't wear other pants because they have these dumb ones specially made. can't just wear other pants either because they had these dumb ones specially made 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 hot girl that i have been eyeing for months, gets hired, girl sitting directly in front of me relocates herself to allow for this girl to be seated right in front of me, sideways, so that i can gawk at her curves all the time.
 i got sick, broke my laptop, got blackout dr-nk, broke my phone, got fired from my job at the coolest coffee shop, got blackout dr-nk, broke my laptop, got blackout dr-nk, got fired from my job at the coolest coffee shop, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-nk, got blackout dr-
 didn't sleep in bed for a month, cat decided to shit on my bed, landed on cat shit in the middle of my chest, tootsie roll stuck to my chest.
 i did drugs, broke my laptop, got blackout drunk, broke my phone, got fired from my job at the coolest coffee shop ever, and now i feel like shit.
 opened a bag of squid flavored lay's, smelled like dicks, ate dick chips, cousin thinks it smells like dicks.
 i asked my brother if i could taste his sausage at a buffet and he gave me his hot dog instead. i'm still embarrassed to this day.
 met a girl on tinder. asked her for butt stuff. she said she was open to anything. i'm not sure if this is salvageable or not.
 friend gave me a check for 20k, asked to cash it, mom took it, got grounded for a month and gave them all the money back.
 went to tim horton's to get an iced capp, took my car to get it, ended up pissing all over the place and waiting in the drive thru for 5 minutes.
 tried a new meatloaf recipe, licked sticky bbq sauce off my finger, got a mouthfull of scalding hot water, now my tongue is melting and my mouth is full of scalding hot water.
 drank prune juice because demetri martin made a joke about prune juice being like the cops at a teenage party. had the craziest shit of my life.
 had a power nap, woke up at 2am and had a weird dream about my nana being a pot grower and my dad working for the ministry of magic.
 i showed my coworker a picture of my vacation that was sandwiched between pictures of my girlfriend's tits and drunken photo shoots. she left out of the picture and went back to the tits and drunken photo shoots.
 looked up my mom's ex-boyfriend on facebook and found out he murdered his 2 little girls and then committed suicide after his wife divorced him in 2010.
 i laughed at an old student in a wheelchair who had just puked and it was my brother's close friend who was in the hallway at the time.
 don't wash your hair with shampoo or you'll burn your eyes and cry on the floor of the shower for a solid five or so minutes.
 i've been saying \play it by year\ for 18 years, but my friend said \its play it by ear\ not the biggest fuck up.
 watched nicole kidman movie while fooling around with a girl, ended up in emergency neurosurgery to fix a burst aneurysm/subarachnoid hemmorhage.
 i blacked out while listening to a cold play song while driving on the freeway in california. i blacked out just as soon as the cold play song finished, and a song by burns red started (a metal band) and the drumming instantly woke me up before anything bad happened.
 girl sees my ice pack and thinks i'm fat, i respond \you're fat.\ (this girl isn't fat even slightly, but still what the hell brain)
 i put on a rubber glove to throw away corn and the tip of my thumb was torn off. now my thumb smells like rotting corn (which i didnt even know was a specific smell until tonight).
 i was hanging out on my phone at work, manager caught me, another manager was riding my butt about doing my work, filed a complaint on 2 co-workers and a manager about something that happened the previous night, specifically told him he'll be getting alot more complaints from me about the same things that my co-workers are doing.
 woke up from a dream to find my hand was on my balls because i punched an annoying dude who was tickling my balls while i was trying to get him to stop.
 took a nap before work, forgot to wake up, woke up in the middle of the night to my grandmother's phone calls. i'm now on my way to work.
 i took a picture of kate good in the subway and the entire subway saw it and now everyone thinks i'm a pedophile or something.
 met a girl on an anon app. she's only here for a year, she's going to leave, and i learn that her only relationship experience was with an abusive asshole. i try to make this work so that it's a positive experience we can both look back fondly on. things quickly, casually, comfortably plateau for a month+. she has the aforementioned surgery in early summer, and i tried to make this work so that it's a positive experience we can both look back fondly on. things quickly, casually, comfortably plateau for a month+. she has the aforementioned surgery in early
 i poured bleach and ammonia into a cup of week old piss to dissipate a stank and ended up making the whole back hallway at work smell like piss.
 played with huge icicles on a hill, thought they were swords, smashed them and went home for lunch. came back to find my basement full of icicles.
 didn't wipe my arse in the rush to finish a presentation, shit all over my pants and spent the next 2 hours with cold shitty pants.
 roommate got high for 5 days, woke up in the middle of the night with a camera app on his phone and took a picture of himself with it.
 laughed at my friend's sister-in-law being diagnosed with cancer during a mass and now i feel like i'm the worst person in the world.
 got drunk, had sex, shit between my butt cheeks, guy crawls up the bed on top of me and shakes me to wake me up, i lay there motionless feigning sleep. he comes back in and crawls up the bed on top of me and i just lay there motionless feigning sleep, he mumbles something and proceeds to shake me to wake me up. he gives up and crawls to the other side of the bed. after about 15minutes of me not moving a muscle with my butt cheeks clenched together for dear life, i make my move, i reach down and grab the first item of
 had the best sex of my life, ended up \ejaculating\ urine in my friend's face, she took all of it in the face.
 locked myself out of the stall in a public restroom, had to slam the door shut twice because the lock was no good, and the people who opened the door were probably just as embarrassed as i am.
 had a great night with a girl, fell asleep with her, woke up with her in the middle of the night with my penis in her mouth.
 i bought a new phone, loaded up porn, fell asleep, and the fingerprint reader unlocked my phone while i was in class with a girl i liked.
 i broke up with my girlfriend of 2 months because i told her she was too much, and now she's trying to message me through my friends.
 told a group of old jewish people that one of my so's co-workers has a hitler level of charisma. i'm an idiot.
 forgot my phone was on loud, took a picture of my dick on snapchat, manager thought i was taking a picture of a shit or my dick.
 invited a bunch of kids to my birthday party, they didn't want to come, drove them away, cried myself to sleep, had to work the next day.
 i thought i put a calendar back on the shelf at the bookstore, but it was actually on the other side of the mall, and my family chased me.
 got drunk, couldn't find my bike, banged on my door and rang the bell to wake my housemate, got in through the wrong door.
 put a candle on my front porch as a beacon for my cat to come back home, my mum thought my cat was possessed by the spirit of my cat.
 tried to make grilled cheese for my girlfriend, ended up burning my grilled cheese, and had to make 2 sandwiches instead of 2 grilled cheese sandwiches for her.
 got drunk, got into a fight with a barback, blacked out, lost my shit, girlfriend fell, cut her knee, and experienced an asthma attack.
 i sent an email to 2,562 people instead of my professor. now i'm the laughing stock of my class and my grade has never recovered.
 smoked weed in an alley in front of a house that had been broken into and robbed. cops showed up and arrested me and my friend for smoking weed in an alley in front of a house that had been broken into and robbed.
 went to dom's house, ignored instructions, got hate-fucked by dom, phone redialed my last call when i put it in my pants.
 i drank orange juice instead of gin at a party and my muslim friend took my cup and downs the whole thing. she danced like a drunk uncle.
 shared a half completed lab report with my teacher, forgot i didn't finish it, he grades it as incomplete, i share it with him 2 weeks later.
 i said \but that's not my shirt, only the sweater is mine\ when a girl asked if i wanted her to take her shirt off.
 played d&d, got high, pissed off the dm, got high again, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the dm, got high again, pissed off the
 prom date blew my best friend in my own bed, i thought it would be okay for her to sleep in my bed while i slept on the floor.
 i was ironing away, forgot to set the ironing board on the lower locking mechanism, ended up searing the tip of my penis and spent half the day covered in cream.
 i thought a bread machine was a toaster oven, but it was actually a bread machine, and now my friends don't trust me with anything anymore.
 thought i missed my bus , bought chicken wrap from old lady , saw another bus near bus stop , thought i missed my bus for second time
 i picked up a girl from dennys, her psycho ex boyfriend chased me through my city, flagged down a cop, and took her to her grandmas.
 walked in on my sister sitting on the toilet, got the absolute fuck out of there and now i'm in bed, watching netflix and writing this.
 went on a school trip to normandy, met a disabled kid's friend, saw him thrust-pissing in the toilet, spread the story.
 my brother took his laptop to a sleepover and found my laptop full of porn i've been drawing for the last year or so. i'm sorry bro.
 took a party bus to see griz, guy drove it into a pole, got kicked off and stranded in portland, 2 and a half hours away from home.
 got drunk, made out with my highschool crush, she passed the fuck out, tried to get her in the bed that's 3 feet away from me.
 i skipped class on a day we had a test that i also forgot about, and now i have a perfect a to a b for the first marking period.
 took the bus to see my future wife, didn\u2019t use the working bathroom and ended up shitting my pants in front of my future wife.
 didn't want to go to bed, turned xbox volume on 1 while headphones were on, girlfriend thinks i've been watching porn and thinks i didn't want to go to bed
 got really high, burned my hand, burned my mouth, burned my hand again, burned my mouth again, burned my hand again, burned my mouth again, burned my hand again, burned my mouth again, burned my hand again, burned my mouth again.
 i fucked up by hooking up a muscle sensor to a computer and it fed a voltage into my bicep, causing it to tense and spasm and i hit myself in the face.
 i ate a pringles, it broke in my mouth and my roof, then i had a stomachache and now i'm stuck on the toilets.
 i picked up a moth in the dark and squished it between my thumb and forefinger. it's not a huge fuck up, but it's gross.
 i put out the pilot light on the gas stove thinking it was off, turns out it was on and the fire department came to my house and made me and my roomates stand outside for an hour in 30 degree weather.
 told my gay furry friend i would sleep round his house at the same time his boyfriend did. they both slept on the bottom of the bunk bed, i slept on the top. they both wake up and all i can hear is immediate slurping noises.
 got high, caught my toenails in a glass, drank all the nails in it, nearly puking because i couldn't cough them up out of my throat.
 i'm not a fan of hip pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of hipper pop, i'm a fan of
 i was racing my friend down a main road late at night and slammed into the rails going 40-45mph and hanging over a 20ft drop into the water.
 tried to show my cousin how to format his hard disk, ended up deleting all the data that my family had on pc, including my mom's master's degree thesis.
 i put my arm around my girlfriend in the kisser and i felt like an asshole. now she knows i feel like an asshole.
 went out to a party, made out with a girl, forgot we had a dd that night, walked 45 minutes back home, killed the mood.
 i applied for a job in rayong, thailand, and was invited to a video interview. on the day of the interview, i was late for the interview and asked to reschedule. on the day of the interview, i emailed the principal to ask to reschedule. on the day of the interview, i was late for the interview and asked to reschedule. on the day of the interview, i emailed the principal to ask to reschedule. on the day of the interview, i emailed the principal to ask to reschedule. on the day of the interview, i emailed the principal to ask to reschedule. on the day of the interview,
 i dropped my irish souvenir flat cap into the stank of a pit toilet hut on a hike. it's gone. i'm sad.
 fell asleep with my kid on the couch, launched her off the couch and got beat up by my wife. kid's ok. i'm a dumbass.
 i bought stage blood. my gf walked in and i cut my neck with a prop knife. now she texts me when she comes to see me.
 i told my wife i was taking a shower and jokingly said \feel free to join me.\ normally jokes like this go no where. so i got in the shower and felt that need to piss but i already had shampoo in my hair i decided to just let it loose, and since my head was backed to the shower head, my golden stream hit the shower curtain. it was about this time that my naked wife pulled back the shower curtain, and received a shower of her own. 4 hours later, after continual bitching, screaming, and lecturing, my wife has finally gone to sleep, and i'm getting used to
 i downloaded pitch perfect 2 and my friend's mom got an email from warner bros saying that they have to delete the movie or they will be charged.
 made a butt sex joke about a gay color guard brother. he didn't like it and i made more of an ass out of myself.
 i'm the evil rapist spawn of satan who should be murdered and have my throat slit (all actual terms she used at me) and that she has decided i took advantage of both of them and should burn in hell.
 cousin introduced me to the word \zyngy\ in egyptian slang and i used it to insult everyone i came in contact with in egypt.
 i told my boss i wanted a position, he gave it to a former coworker and friend of his, and then offered me a 10% raise to end it.
 i drank old fryer oil and threw up in the dishwasher and ruined my fathers mug and smokey and the bandit mug and now i have to take them out for the day.
 tried to take the first step down the road to hanky panky with a girl i met on a dating website, realized i was trying to take the first step down the road to hanky panky with her dad.
 went to a trailer park to smoke some weed and ended up getting into a fight with 2 guys and the cops were called on me and my friends for disorderly conduct.
 got high for the first time, thought my dog was dead, woke up in the middle of the night with my dog's head in my mouth.
 i fought my way through a flooded sewer and flushed a shower curtain down my client's toilet, causing it to explode and flood his bathroom in the middle of summer.
 met a girl on a graduate school interview at ucla, got lost, she gave me her full name, i told her to go away, she didn't, couldn't find her on facebook in the end.**
 i posted on tifu about how to handle an oil drum and amazon suggested \gaff for crossdressing\ as an item for my wife to browse.
 had to get a drug test, peed in a cup for the clinic, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said cup, lost/disposed of/sold/disposed of said
 i clicked on a facebook ad for a new pain cream treatment and now i'm going to have to pay a quarter million bucks because i didn't read the fine print.
 i pissed off two of my closest friends by calling one of them a dick and the other a slut. i'm a terrible person.
 i took acid with a friend, he freaked us out, and i didn't see him again until the next morning. i have never seen more bloodshot
 i left my voicemail on my uncle's phone while he was in the hospital and he thought it was my voicemail and called me 20 times while i was walking the dog.
 went on a date, jumped on my dad's back, he elbowed me and we crashed into a potato chip rack, breaking two of my ribs.
 didn't know 9.2 jailbreak wasn't out yet in the time,so i searched and searched tried everything but failed. i'm an idiot.
 had a fling with best friend, got feelings for best friend, best friend told best friend she doesn't want to talk to her anymore, best friends friendship is over
 i made a pizza delivery guy drive 15 minutes on icy roads to bring me a cheap pizza and now i'm sitting here with a cold pizza and the guilt of making a minimum wage employee drive 15 minutes on icy roads to bring me a cheap pizza.
 i gave my 40 year old cousin ecstasy so she wouldn't feel like she missed out on her youth. my boyfriend's sister now thinks i'm a drug dealer.
 told my 13 year old nice that the movie leon the professional is like kickass but more realistic and from 1994 and she watched with me and now i am super awkward around her.
 i used my own birthday money to buy myself a computer, lost my debit card, transferred all of the money to my dad's card, and got charged 99 smackaroonies for that one godforsaken mistake.
 i accidentally swiped right on a girl that i \knew\ (we have 80 mutuel friends on facebook, however, we aren't actually friends). she unmatches me and i get reported on tinder.
 cleaned toilet with bleach, forgot to hold down the toilet handle, splashed bleach all over my asshole, burned my asshole for 2 days.
 boss texts me, i text back \no, this is patrick\ and forget about it as i work. two weeks in, boss is still down for the fuckery.
 sent a bill to my real estate agent with the name 'celine dion' instead of 'christopher walken'; now i need to explain it to them.
 i went to a friend's birthday party, was awkward, he spread the story, no one talked to me after that, and now i have no friends.
 let a friend sleep in the bed with me and my girlfriend, he woke up and saw me kissing exgf on the nape of her neck and jawline.
 frank oz called me and my coworker while we were on vacation. we didn't remember to set up voicemails so frank oz thought we were ignoring him. i returned to the office to a very angry voicemail from frank oz about how we weren't returning his calls.
 i went to ihop with a girl i liked, her mom found out, and now we can't date, and she forgives me for jesus.
 my crush's friend gave me her number so i could talk to her about my plans to ask her out to a semi-formal dance and now her mom knows.
 i mailed a box full of pokemon goodies to the wrong address and forgot half of my own. now i dont think i'll be getting any of them.
 broke up with my best friend after 2 years of nothing because i wanted to give him every ounce of my being. 2 years later he landed a job 35 hours away from home.
 got stoned on christmas day, fed my sister's dog, he ran away and got run over, now my niece won't stop crying.
 boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day for most places is today. because boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day for most places is today. because boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day for most places is today. because boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day for most places is today. because boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day for most places is today. because boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day for most places is today. because boxing day fell on a saturday this year the observed boxing day
 my gf and i were playing a card game, she was screaming, two cops came to my door and pointed their guns at me. we haven't played that game since.
 my mom walked in on me naked with a dildo up my vag, and i had to pretend i didn't have a dildo in my bag that was now making me feel like someone had punched me in my bellybutton.
 fell asleep with cat in bed next to me, woke up to a puddle of ew next to my bed, had to sleep in the same bed.
 my brother took my younger brother out in the snow to take care of his friends. they went out in the snow a few hours ago, and no one knows where they are.
 i left my laptop on, went to the bathroom, forgot how to take it out with me, sneaked out with it in my pants, got bed cramps.
 i grabbed a pepper grinder and it exploded all over the crate and barrel store i was shopping at and i ran out the front door like a hot potato.
 i fingered my wife after eating jalapeno kettle chips and she punched me in the face and said we were getting a divorce because she's on her period and never goes through with it anyway.
 i clicked on a lemonparty.org link on my laptop and ended up seeing old man porn and the fbi was asking for 500 dollars to shut them up.
 gave my friend my phone for 5 minutes, he used it to look through my nudes and dick pics, and i almost smacked the phone out of his hand.
 at a conference in nashville, tennessee, two of my colleagues and i went to a strip club the night before and i didn't know.
 tried to talk to a 15 year old girl on the bus, she wasn't paying, ignored her and went on with my day as if we'd never even met.
 i smoked out my friend's apartment and destroyed whateveer pans she has stored in the oven. how do i tell her that i smoked out her apartment and destroyed whateveer pans she has stored in the oven?
 went to pornhub, sister walked in on me jerking off, she thinks i'm a pedophile, i'm a feminist.
 got drunk with my father, posted a photo of my wife topless on instagram, wife threw a shoe at my face and i'm sleeping on the sofa tonight.
 i had sex with my girlfriend while i was home for the holidays, clogged the toilet, and my mom had to use a plunger to flush it down.
 i let my brother sit on my lap while we took a picture with the underwear we got in our stockings, he pissed and crapped on my lap.
 i told my daughter to ask a cashier if she could have a grape, she ate one, and the manager of the register behind me heard me.
 recommended black mirror to a muslim friend who is into tech and ended up showing him an episode of the show where the prime minister has to have sex with a pig on live tv
 i told my best friend i was lonely, drove to my crush's house to show her i felt better, she and her mate saw me and drove off.
 used a bowl for a sitz bath, went to grandma's for xmas, didn't find bowl, sat my ass in bowl, still weeping pus.
 i thought i looked like a fuckboi and flicked my tongue like a fuckboi in the reflection of the microwave. my grandma now thinks i'm a fuckboi.
 didn't read the fine print on a course and now i'm waiting to see if i'm going to have to take an online course.
 thought a girl was bending down to tie her shoe with her butt in my face. i looked back and saw her face. i was embarrassed and avoided her for the rest of the year.
 went kayaking, lost kayak, drove 15 miles an hour looking for it, now we're out 500 bucks to replace it. i'm an idiot.
 didn't take a shit for 5 days, took a shit on the phone, dad walked in on me on the phone with my dick out.
 i played bloodborne on my boyfriend's ps4, turned off the ps4, and now i have bloodborne burned into the screen of my family tv.
 i put an 8 foot leash on my dog to keep her from running away, she chased me across the yard, and i may have broken my wrist.
 roommate tried to cut onions with her eyes closed because she was hungry, i thought she cut herself, turns out she was too hungry to stop and tried cutting onions with her eyes closed.
 my father opened a package i sent him, and now i have to explain to him that i'm not into cock rings and butt plugs.
 went to boss' office, ranted about how shitty our bathroom was, got the most mind numbingly stupid task assigned to me that will take me days upon days and there's not really a point to it, except to serve as punishment.
 told my mom that it's good that the job market for political science majors is growing, not that the job market for political science majors is growing, but that it's good that the job market for political science majors is growing, not that the job market for political science majors is growing, but that it's good that the job market for political science majors is growing, but that it's not good that the job market for political science majors is growing, but that it's good that the job market for political science majors is growing, but that it's not good that the job market for political science
 ate a hot chocolate packet in a washroom stall at work, it melted in my pocket, ran into a guy sitting across from me, and now i don't think i can work here anymore.
 tried to take a shower, ended up with a spider on my shampoo, locked myself out of the bathroom and my family trying to shift the lock from the outside.
 i made a dbz reference to a customer and now i'm banned from making anime references with the customers at work. i'm a dumbass.
 told a lady at work that i didn't want kids because i'm on the same childfree train as her husband and i'm white.
 my friend adopted a large breed dog they believe is either a german shepherd or busseron (sorry for chopped spelling if i spelled breed name wrong, i'm on mobile). he's 10 months old now and almost as big as my lady friend, who is petite and less than 120 pounds. after spending time at their house to assess the situation, i came to the conclusion the dog has been displaying normal puppy pack tendencies and teething. after spending time at their house to assess the situation, i came to the conclusion the dog has been displaying normal puppy pack tendencies and teething. after spending time at their house to assess the
 played games on computer all day,mum thought i was playing games all day,pulled computer along with it,it fell to the ground and broke.
 tried to save a pigeon from getting stuck in a net, ended up getting it's head on my face and had to spend my whole day trying to cover it up.
 lied to my parents about going on a date, wore sandals on the hottest day of the summer, had to wait 5 hours for my date to text me.
 tried to shave my pubes on the kitchen floor with a plug-in only beard trimmer, ended up naked in the kitchen, and my mother came home early.
 i was late to the train station, saw a beautiful girl, motioned for her to hurry, the doors closed on my hand and i was left on the platform with the image of my hand trapped between the doors and my sweaty red face cursing expletives.
 read /u/whodak 's submission on tifu, burst out in full belly-laughing mid office and disrupted everyone. i am now being written up for misuse of office equipment and getting a stern talking to about abusing work hours.
 i spilled m&ms all over the floor at the movie theatre and they let me go get a new one for free, but i felt like an idiot.
 my 6 year old found a dollar bill in the restroom, turns out it was a drug straw. i had to snatch it out of her hands like some kind of money hungry asshole before she ended up with some unknown, powdered drug all over herself.
 didn't uncheck \group message\ when sending a text, now i'm in a group chat with a bunch of people i don't even know.
 tried to save 10 bucks on a bus, ended up paying more than if we had taken the train, had to take a 30min taxi drive away from the station to take the bus from somewhere else, ended up paying more than if we had taken the train
 i clicked on a telemarketer's number and told him i like being hung up on and interrupted motherfucker. he got mad and called the manager of the company.
 moth was sitting in my shower cubicle, i thought it was just a moth, moth started moving up the cubicle, i sprayed water over the top of the cubicle to try to get it to move, moth kept wriggling around and moving its wings.
 i told my girlfriend she was tiny and now i'm spending the rest of the day making it up to her and telling her how much i love her.
 i thought i found my neighbor's dog, turns out it was my neighbor's dog who passed away a few years ago. i feel horrible.
 went to the airport 2 hours early for a flight only to find out the flight was actually at 10 am and i had a 3in hole in my pants.
 i told my teacher i was going to slay the magic dragon and smoke weed with her.. she sent me to the principal for \insulting the teacher\ and i got detention.
 i met the girl of my dreams at work. she asked me to make pancakes. i told her we were going to make pancakes. 4 months into the relationship she dropped the bomb.
 i had a crush on a girl in freshman year of high school. she liked me a year later when i was down in the dumps about a girl who didn't like me back.
 clicked on a tifu that was not marked as nsfw and my boss happened to be watching me from above my showlder and proceeded to read what i read
 i didn't display my dad's parking pass on my dashboard, my car got towed, and he threatened to call the cops on the towing company.
 got high with my friends, passed a truck that was going 50 in a 55 in the middle of the night, got high with my friends, passed a truck that was going 50 in a 55 in the middle of the night, got high with my friends, passed a truck that was going 50 in a 55 in the middle of the night, got high with my friends, passed a truck that was going 50 in a 55 in the middle of the night, got high with my friends, passed a truck that was going 50 in a 55 in the middle of the night, got high with my friends, passed a truck that was
 i tried to play a game with a kid, he tried to play a game with me, i tried to play a game with him, he tried to play a game with me.
 i touched my girlfriend's boobs and asked if it felt like an old man was touching her. it didn't feel like an old man.
 i bumped a guy out of the way of a car while he was listening to his music. i'm 27 years old and i acted like a jerk around him.
 i used a tapestry as a blind and accidentally left the light on in my apartment and my neighbor could see me in my underwear in the middle of the night.
 had a late night phone call with a girl i'd only known for a couple of weeks who wasn't my girlfriend. she didn't mean to ring me.
 i texted a co-worker the name of the server he was working on, and everyone on the call saw the word anus and his full name.
 i flirted with my friend, he didn't want to do anything, i gave up and he climbed into my bed and said \ohhh i see\
 i tried to talk to a middle-aged woman in a park and ended up talking to her about her religion, her husband, her kids, and downtown.
 i gave a homeless man $4 and he proceeded to tell me incredibly racist jokes all the way to my office and i got some weird looks from my coworkers.
 called my russian client a cyka blyat instead of my friend because he died in a 1v1 and the russian player yelled cyka blyat.
 i tried to remove a moth from my pubic hair, it exploded and i had to use shampoo and soap to clean it up. i'm an idiot.
 met a girl online, she fell in love with me, i held her tight, now she's in love with me, i feel like shit.
 my husband and i laughed at a weird photo of a very hairy man with a naked baby because we thought it was cute but it turned out to be a pushy salesman offering a bunch of portrait options to a couple also getting the $15 photo.
 got high for the first time in months, threw up all over my boyfriend's house, and had to stay there until my parents told me to come home.
 talked my ass off about my client's past accomplishments to a guy who was holding the title to him. he heard everything i said, and now i'm in trouble.
 posted a thread on r/watchpeopledie asking if there was a subreddit similar to this one, but not for pussies. got a rise out of those guys.
 i didn't try to see my gf because i didn't have the money and she didn't want to hear about my rough times.
 pewdiepie made a video on photoshopping his girlfriend, i wrote in the comments: \i'll be honest, that ain't very nice to marzia. no hate or anything, but if my boyfriend does that, i will definitely be upset. :( maybe marzia is different, i dunno. which in turn made my day exceptionally horrible, and i still feel sad reading it now.
 don't wear soggy underwear when you're in the ocean, or you'll end up with a sprained ankle and a broken nose. also, don't wear your underwear when you're in the ocean, or you'll end up with a sprained ankle and a broken nose. also, don't wear your underwear when you're in the ocean, or you'll end up with a sprained ankle and a broken nose. also, don't wear your underwear when you're in the ocean, or you'll end up with a sprained ankle and a broken nose.
 i threw up while blowing a bubble, it popped all over my face, took the day off work sick and had to clean up at a public restroom.
 i said \fucking\ like fucking good to a guy who sells newspaper and now i am waiting for my coworker to arrive thinking that i fucked up big time.
 tried to put elf in blender, fell asleep, smashed my arm through a glass pane, got fourteen stitches and had a tetanus shot at the er.
 i dropped a queen size mattress off the back of my friend's pick-up truck on highway 101 in the middle of the afternoon. it landed at the very end of the ramp to the lane.
 took my girlfriend out to a nice dinner, left her in the shower for half an hour, she came back to find me letting the water warm up.
 tried to clean my computer with the air compressor, fried the motherboard, ordered a new one, and now it's giving me a ram error.**
 texted a guy with autism that he looked dumb on his insta, got called hardcore special needs by the guy, and now i feel like shit.
 i went to my girlfriend's house to pick her up, her dad called me a dumbass in chinese, and her nephew told her mom what i said in chinese.
 i posted a post on /r/showerthoughts, got my post deleted twice, thought i got shadow-banned, sent a message to the mods asking them to un-shadow-ban me, got shadow-banned again.
 tried to be j. wellington wimpy and give a homeless man a dollar, ended up calling him an asshole and giving him a five.
 had sex with a girl on tinder, she's 16 years old, she's pregnant, i'm dead, and i don't know what to do.
 went to work early, ran into a girl i've met before, she turns out to be my x, i break eye contact, wave awkwardly and book it to my aisle.**
 got drunk with my ex- roommates, tried to grab a handrail, and ended up getting my ass kicked in the ass by one of them.
 don't browse reddit before you go to university if you're sick, it'll make you feel sick and you won't be able to concentrate.
 i shaved my pubes, forgot about it, and my girlfriend is going to go down on me tonight. i'm lucky to get laid once a week, but my girlfriend has a low sex drive. i'm lucky to get laid once a week, but my girlfriend has a low sex drive. i'm lucky to get laid once a week, but my girlfriend has a low sex drive. i'm lucky to get laid once a week, but my girlfriend has a low sex drive. i'm lucky to get laid once a week, but my girlfriend has a low sex drive. i'm lucky
 gave my boss a flesh flute while staying with him and his family. he took out the trash and put it in the bag he was using to take it out.
 my friends and i decided to show our government class the ending video of rick grimes, from the walking dead, instead of our hypothetical presidential candidate.
 i tried to surprise my boyfriend by moving furniture in while he was at work. ended up having a guy help me move in while he was at work. now he hates me.
 i tried to use the bathroom at a car mechanic, but the door wasn't open, so i broke it. the guy on the toilet didn't find it funny.
 went to the office to get a copy of my tax transcripts, got stopped at the metal detector because i have keinbocks disease, a deformation disease in my arms where the radius browns longer than the ulna causing the bloodflow to be cut off to the bones in my wrist, killing them off.
 i honked my horn to scare a rabbit away from a cat, cat swatted the rabbit down and bit it's neck, and now my girlfriend is reduced to a non-athletic version of the samus ball in the passenger seat.
 sent a picture of candy that looked like meth to a co-worker, she thought i was doing hard drugs the night before, and reported me to my boss
 i tried to give out drinks to some elderly people at a restaurant, and ended up tipping two cups onto their table, causing them to get wet themselves.
 i thought my dryer was broken for about 4 months, only to find out it's the washer that activates the dryer and pushes a button to start.
 tried to be nice to my neighbors, got punched in the face by my dog, and they called the cops on me. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to impress a girl by running cross country, ended up putting cow shit in my mouth, threw up all over her face, and broke my thumb.
 i showed my friend a song about suicide, she heard the words \i'll slit my wrists again\ she pulled the earbuds out and started crying.
 i jumped off the third story of a strip mall and fucked up my ankles so bad i cant work for a few weeks and my family has to move.
 posted on /r/gonewild, gf finds it, breaks up with me, i dont know if we are going to stay together or not.
 woman knocked over a child, i tried to help, she thought i was a paedophile and accused me of sexually assaulting her child, i was arrested.
 my roommate and i decided to randomly attack each other with rubber training knives to keep us on our toes and ended up getting the police called on us.
 caught a praying mantis, brought it back to my house to put back in my terrarium, saw 2 pairs of wings on the bottom and the praying mantis chewing on one of them.
 i tried to change my locks and stomped my foot into a brand new sidewalk. now i'm late for work and walking around with one foot looking like a rock.
 i took my 3 year old into the men's room at a mom & pop restaurant. she saw my penis and exclaimed \daddy!! look at your little penis!!\
 smoked weed, mum heard me talking to my friend, declined call, texted her that i hadn't meant to call her and continued to smoke, completely unaware of the furious rage my parents were in their hotel room an hours drive south of me.
 sang a verse from my favorite rapper to my boss at work in a higher pitch than i normally would, and now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 said \well beautiful days are better with sun\ instead of \well sunny days are better with sun\ in front of a stranger. still feel bad about it.
 tried to flirt with a customer, ended up sounding like a creep. i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to trust a woman again.
 i stalled out the car on the way home from drivers ed and got rear ended by a car that had a metal thing sticking out the back of it.
 set off my school's alarm by accident, friends think i'm a twat and now i'm probably going to be in deep shit.
 i fucked up by forgetting the dead guy's name on an order and made a grieving family cry in front of my boss and the entire store.**
 my roommate bought a new sugar bowl and used the old one for salt. i used salt instead of sugar in my cappuccino for the last two weeks. i feel stupid.
 i threw a gummy bear at a teacher's head, hit him square in the back of the head, he ran out of class, confessed and asked for an apology letter.
 f(x) was having their comeback on the 21st of this month, but it was the 20th of this month and i was up all night waiting for a video or an album.
 ran a 10k for charity, didn't go to the gym as much as i used to, got jealous of my gf's determination to go to the gym, went to the gym with a friend, collapsed in a puddle of my own sweat and shame.
 i accidentally leaked information that my best friend had accidentally confessed his crush for another student to me, and now i'm in a shitty relationship with him.
 bought a bag of gummy bears at 1 in the morning, come home and throw my wallet across my room onto a small tray. gummies glided and hit my girlfriend on the head, my phone hit my tv and fell off the dresser, and a bottle of lemonade tripped my ps4.
 i dared my friend to say \suck me\ to a female classmate in front of a full classroom. he did and i got in trouble for it.
 went to amsterdam, went to a district that didn't have red lights but purple lights, pretended to be gay, went to a \party\ and saw two dudes making love.
 i sent a profanity-laced audio to a girl in my class, she didn't take it so well, and now she's blocked me.
 4th grade me wanted to be a magician, did a failed magic trick in front of my entire class, cried when i got home. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to make my voice go high by inhaling helium, almost passed out, no one could take my cry for help seriously, now i have brain damage.
 i got the hiccups, tried to jump at a brick wall to get rid of them, and ended up smashing my teeth on the bottom of a pool.
 tried to learn english, ended up saying \like her\ in front of a whole class of 5th graders, and i will never forget that moment.
 my 5 year old asked a muslim if ghosts were black or white. i was mortified and held my head down as we passed. i am a racist.
 i sold cookie dough for more than $300 and didn't win. now i'm sitting in my garage trying to figure out how to get them back.
 i was eating a wrap with lettuce dangling from it to my mouth while sitting in a classroom with some other cadets. i guffawed when the classroom was silent.**
 didn't want a disabled man to go through more trouble than necessary, ended up having a knife to the d cut off my penis while waiting for the disabled man to get dressed.
 i went to my friend's house to pick him up and almost got the cops called on me because his sister didn't recognize me at all.
 showed a flight attendant my nudes, she looked like she was about to get her whole family killed.. i'm a dumbass..
 ran over a swarm of horseflies with my mower, got stung by a swarm of bees, and got bitch-ed by a soccer mom for it.
 told my boyfriend that a friend found his car 20 years after he sold it, thinking it was the same car he found on ebay a couple years ago.
 got blackout drunk on cinco de mayo, didn't pick up a girl from the bar, and got called out for it by a stranger.
 wanted to dust my cpu cooler. ended up destroying my pcie x16 and my gpu. no job, no computer, and no reddit memes for a while.
 put glue on my nose, got mrsa in the face, had to go to the hospital and have a scar on my nose. fuck redditor.
 made a fake bomb, went to middle east peace conference dressed as hamas delegate, told israel to rescind its remark about palestinians or i'm going to blow you all to hell
 showed my friends the bike i was going to buy. got a message from one of them saying his dad bought the bike for him. i'm a dumbass.
 i didn't have glasses on, came into my sisters room and threw sweaters at her topless friend because i couldn't see which one was which.
 i rubbed my nose with my shirt while a woman was looking at me and i panicked and threw my shirt back down to cover my belly and then rubbed my nose with my fingers.
 whistled for the cats to hear me, they didn't, scared the shit out of me and now i'm afraid to go to work.
 got drunk at a party, decided to leave with a group of friends, one of them said he wanted to sneak onto a roof, we got on it.
 bought a used car, a/c compressor was shot, now i'm stuck with a car with no a/c at best and a lemon at worst until i can get the grand and a half to fix it.
 i tried to wax my ass crack and now my asshole is covered in purple wax and i can't get it off because it won't harden.
 i went through my boyfriend's phone and found out he had been flirting with multiple women and asking one of them for pictures of her breasts. i told him to delete it but he hasn't and now i find a photo of his ex girlfriend in his wallet.