 i skyped on the john while going to the toilet and my mate thought i was talking to him on the john because i was talking to him on skype.
 i was teaching 5th graders about anne frank and the third reich. a kid with a boyish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in germany, pipes up. a kid with a girlish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in germany, pipes up. a kid with a girlish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing clothes from the boy's section at a big clothing chain in germany, pipes up. a kid with a girlish haircut and a somewhat deeper voice, wearing
 left half-drank beer in garage, got millipede, drank it, burned my mouth, walls, the ground, and the ground didn't help matters.
 i met my estranged dad for the first time in years and now i feel like an ass because i don't know why i don't trust him.
 you\u2019ve been waiting for a once in a life-time opportunity and it came to you. you didn\u2019t ask for it, it just came to you.
 i used veet hair removal gel on my nuts, it did great at taking the hair off it, but decided to take the first layer of skin too, my nuts now glow cherry red and walking is a painful expense that can't be justified.
 gave a homeless man $10 for his lunch, he walked out of the restaurant and across the street to a liquor store. i'm an asshole.
 didn't wear a shirt in the pool, now i'm sunburnt across the entirety of my shoulders and upper arms and back. fuck.
 played black ops 2 with a girl, became friends, sent her friend request on facebook and xbox, accidentally invite her to game, now creepy/annoying.
 i used peppermint essential oil in my bath and now my ladybits are burning and i'm sitting in the snow naked because i didn't listen to my brain.
 didn't \drop off\ my empty printer ink cartridges at costco, now i'm low on ink for a week or two more. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to sneak a toke, ended up stabbing myself in the knee, now i can't walk or use my legs for a week or so.
 i took a hot bath with a spliff in it and ended up with a black eye and a bleeding shoulder. now i'm starting to feel less like a lobster.
 my grandma saw a bunch of pics of me trying to be sexy, and i'm pretty sure i'll never be able to get them back.
 i coughed into my girlfriend's pussy and blew a raspberry into her pussy. she's pissed and i'm in the midst of a coughing fit.
 i made a fake note from the cable company saying things like \screw you\ and \don't tell me what to do\ and my roommate flips out on them.
 tifu by pissing in a sink with a spider under the toilet lid and cracked the sink while i was mid-urination. fuck spiders.
 i had sex with my gf in the woods and landscape workers saw us and watched us get off each other. i was embarrassed and they ruined it.
 i went behind the head counselor's back and asked my real boss if this head counselor was my boss, she is not. she was forced to apologize to me and in front of everyone. i then told my boss about it so i could quit early, but my boss said it would be a big shame and we could really use every counselor we can get. i reluctantly said yes, because my boss is good friends with my mom and i felt i owed it to both of them to finish out the last week. i also asked for monday off though and my boss said ok. i feel really selfish now and like shit for
 tried to microwave french fries, ended up with first degree burns on the tip of my finger, and a bag of frozen corn on the end of my finger.
 broke a pipe in my truck, got pinned between it and a barbed wire fence, and now i'm worried that my friend's mom will tear down the barn.
 forgot to buy a student sports package so i could watch my boyfriend in the marching band. turns out the last day you could buy one was ten days ago.
 my dad was recently cheated on by his wife and so i greeted him this morning with a nice cup of coffee and a question of how did his dick taste?
 i fucked up by trying to scratch a heifer's want for water, and ended up squishing my hand in between her head/head bump and a wooden fence post.
 my 14 year old son left a porn trace on the computer and my wife found it. now he's grounded and i feel guilty knowing that my wife thinks my son is into bukkake.
 mom walks in, sees me jerking off, seal on the screen, junk out, all done. we haven't spoken since. fml.
 i'm going to be the most muscly i've ever been on our honeymoon, and i'm really excited that i'm getting married.
 i coughed so hard i shat my pants, and now i know what it feels like to shat your pants in front of a crowd of people.
 i thought i was being stalked by disembodied eyes, ended up smashing my face off the floor with a cable and getting covered in blood with 3 cats.
 i showed up to work at 6:30am, sat in my car for 30 minutes, and then decided i was going home. now i have to find a new place to live.
 i ripped my belt loop while sitting on a chair, and now i have a fucking hole in my pants. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i tried to clean my battery terminals with coke, spilled coke into the cells, killed my battery, and had my cute firefighter neighbor drive me to buy a new one.
 i asked for my phone back and as a joke i searched up terms like porn, kinky porn, kinky midget porn and even more porn.
 had to take a dump. toilet didn't flush. i grabbed it and threw it down the rain water drain. two weeks later, i go outside and see construction workers.
 giving blood then playing hero to a girl is a bad idea..i fainted from all the running after losing all the blood from donation..i ended up in the nurses office soon after because i fainted from all the running after losing all the blood from donation..i ended up in the nurses office soon after because i fainted from all the running after losing all the blood from donation..i ended up in the nurses office soon after because i fainted from all the running after losing all the blood from donation..i ended up in the nurses office soon after because i fainted from all the running after
 i peed in a girl's mouth when i thought i came. she gargled a little bit and then spit it out. never spoke to her again.
 dad walked in on me jerking it on the carpet and thought it was water. still don't know if he knew what it was or not.
 my boss had a stroke. he was hospitalized today. while a coworker was explaining his status i had my ear buds in and was hysterically laughing like a hyena at adviceanimals.
 i orgasmed so hard i chipped a tooth, now it hurts and my tooth is crooked, and i can't have orgasms.
 ripped my shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my t-shirt, ripped my
 i feel like there's an influx of \this happened x amount of time ago but anyway....\ type posts on this subreddit. i feel like there's no room for discussions like \well what are you gonna do now?\ or \you can fix it by _____\ because it happened sooooo long ago we already know the result.
 my sister sang i'm glad you came and i pretended to be the one to say \thats what your mom said last night' she smacked me and the mouth and nothing even happened.
 locked myself out of my house, farted, had to walk 30 minutes in the rain to get to work, my underwear were stained with my diarrhea.
 i peed in my pajama pants and it was the first time i've done that since i was in grade school. i'm an idiot.
 hooked up with a girl, got wasted, woke up the next morning with a different girl in my bed and her ignoring my calls. i fucked up.
 jumped into my friend's lap, fell over, dislocated my knee cap, had to drive in an ambulance with it stuck in my leg for a few hours.
 tifu by reading tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam. i fucked up by reading tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam. i fucked up by reading tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam. i fucked up by reading tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam. i fucked up by reading tifu while my teacher was explaining my exam and what we were going to do at our exam.
 i fingered a girl at her house, her brother walked in and i stared at him for a second and now he knows i finger SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA SALVAGEDATA
 dirty sex toys were found, and i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month... i have to be out by the end of the month
 i let out a huge-ass fart during a remembrance day assembly and i'm also the kid who started laughing during a super-serious remembrance day assembly.
 i formatted my hard drive without backing it up and now i have lost all of my work and videos for the last year and a half of high school.
 i didn't wash my hands after playing catch with my friends, one of them found a sharpie, and i didn't wash my hands after.
 forgot to shut the door during sexy times, step-mom barges in, we all make eye contact, dinner is in 15 minutes, and i'm not sure how this will go.
 woke up tired as fuck, poured milk and juice on cereal, didn't notice until i put the first mouthful in my mouth, liked it.
 tried to help a sista out, almost touched a clump of her nasal discharge, now there's a woman walking around my school who knows i almost touched a clump of her nasal discharge.
 took a huge rip on my bong, tilt back a little too far and end up swallowing a gulp of week old bong water (daily smoker too)..
 i had a whirlwind romance which tore me to pieces by the end of the month, and now i'm in a relationship with a guy who doesn't want to live in my country.
 asked a family if i had a deadline to paint a portrait of their grandmother who is dying. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel like an insensitive jerk. i feel
 i was dumb in posting that, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness, and, for that, i humbly ask for reddit's forgivness,
 tried to find something in common with my mom, ended up trying to find something in common with my dick. i'm a dumbass.
 i fucked up by plugging a speaker into my phone's audio input where the battery beyond had a maximum load capacity of only three point eight volts and fried my motherboard.
 took a wee, got piss dribbles on my hands, went to wash hands, forgot to wash hands, wawa to mix and run down my throat.
 my sisters boyfriend sexually assaulted me in my sleep. i knew no one would react well, but i told them anyway. now my little sister hates me because she thinks i tried to seduce her boyfriend because he told her i did and he rejected me. my other family think i had a ptsd reaction or did what he said i did. my boyfriends a porn addcit who is probably going to dump me soon. we were living together and then had a lot of problems and moved apart. he has trouble with me sexually in part because he thinks about all the timrs i was violated while we do it. now
 i didn't have my sketchbook, and now her mom wants to meet me, she wants to text me, and i don't have a number to text.
 went to starbucks, got a frappucino, shit my ass in my car and cried a little. i'm lactose intolerant and coffee upsets my stomach.
 set up dropbox account on brother's computer so that file transfer could be easier. brother saw a sext from my girlfriend and now knows about my sex life.
 i broke my phone and my computer in the span of a few days, and now i'm alone with no computer, phone, or anything else.
 i let my cat sit on the toilet when i shower, he jumped at the curtains and nicked my dick while pouncing at a mouse.
 bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man. bitches, man. man.
 watched my 3 year old cousin watch dicks and dildos on my mom's ipad, i replaced it with my own and it broke.
 got drunk on st patricks day, tried to jump over a bus, fell on a rock and got 8 stitches. fuck st patricks day.
 i farted in my boyfriend's anal and he didn't make a big deal out of it. i'm not a big fan of anal.
 i swallowed a prozac capsule, burped up the powder, and now my throat is sore and i'm nauseous. i don't think i'll ever take prozac again.
 gave my girlfriend my tablet so she could look up sheet music for a piece we're working on, she saw my porn collection in the middle of band practice.
 manager told hot waitress that she owes me a hug and a kiss for helping her, i freaked out and stuttered \nah, don't worry about it.\
 i tried to be a salad ninja and stole a bite from my mother, she almost died and now my step-fathers half mexican daughter is coming to see her father for the first time in her life.
 didn't read the label, applied mosquito repellent on my skin, it burned like hell. what should i apply to get rid of burning? i'm an idiot.
 little sister asked for milk, i said no, she smashed a bowl and stabbed me in the arm, i called for my mum and got stabbed in the arm.
 i found a wallet that had $30 in it and gave it back to the person who found it. i feel good about doing what's right but i'm still skimming the edge of life.
 ate a hotdog bun in the dark, it wasn't stale, but it was moldy, and now i'm going to shit my pants.
 i forgot to say happy mothers day to my mom and now she's upset that i don't like her. i'm mad at myself.
 tried to say hello to my dog, ended up flying down the stairs and hitting my head on a dresser. dog ignored me for a few hours before forgiving me.
 took a piss in the snow, decided to take a picture of it and post it to facebook, camera wasn't working, ran off cringing.
 didn't realize there were no urinals in the women's room, walked into the men's room and saw a girl i know about.
 i coughed up a loogie in my mouth, spit it out the window of my car, and almost crashed into a ninety year old woman in front of me.
 i said \i hope you burn yourself\ to a girl with burns on 90% of her body and now everyone around me thinks i'm a dick.
 put some paper in the machine, card did not want to come out, had to get a member of staff to help me out, it was out of order for a while.
 called my ex a fuckin' bitch, a dumbass excuse for a girlfriend, and a teacher a fuckin' rebel.**
 i came right in my girlfriend's eye with an angle that would not allow me to ejaculate straight out and it caused my penis to bounce up and down in front of her face.
 i cut my thumb on a stanley knife while stripping insulation at work and had to go to the er to get it stitched up. i'm an idiot.
 got drunk, grabbed a broken bottle, got stitches, couldn't do anything for a week, still waiting to find out if there's nerve damage.
 picked coach's son's number on a sheet, he didn't feel well after the first practice of the season, and it was a big hit to the whole team.
 i didn't renew my insurance for vision care, and now i have freaky things in my vision because i didn't renew my insurance for vision care.
 i got in the wrong lane on the jersey turnpike and ended up having to pay $13 for an ez pass because i didn't have enough money.
 my mother found a prop syringe i used as a prop for a drawing i was doing and thought i was injecting myself with it. never thought i'd have to explain.
 i ran after a ping-pong ball and fractured a finger on my right hand. i'm a dumbass and don't know how to play ping-pong.
 tried to help an old man by showing him how to use windows 8. ended up showing him half the porn i've ever seen on my work computer.
 i looked like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber with my beard trimmer and now i look like bieber
 thought i could be a badass and jump/run out of a moving bus at 30km/h, ended up on the floor with gravel on my mouth
 i masturbated in bed, fell asleep, woke up to my mother watching kinky porn involving me, a woman with six lactating breasts, a dog and a dick that could more appropriately be called a third leg, pounding and being pounded by various very kinky creatures, and being transformed as a result of said fornication.
 played halo 4 at my friends house, won, kicked xbox, scratched disc, had to give him my copy of the game. i'm an idiot.
 i sharted in a parking spot at a movie theatre, had to take a pitstop at starbucks to clean up, and there was a line of people waiting for the bathroom.
 i parked in the same spot every time i go to walgreen's, forgot i was in my van, and thought i was having a stroke.
 [disgruntled fridge](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/18kpii/tifu_by_peeing_in_my_girlfriends_mouth/)
 i don't know how to get an email back. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'
 i fucked up by not clipping my nails and now i'm going to have to wear flip flops in fourty degree weather for the rest of the week.
 i was texting an obese, not so attractive male associate of mine, thinking that i was texting an attractive, not so attractive female. i'm still waiting to reply to the male associate of mine.
 i offended gg allin's brother with a joke about him looking like dale gribble when he was younger. i'm wearing a gg allin t-shirt as this is happening.
 ate taco bell, ate arby's, took a sir harrington and now i'm pooping out my laptop and phone.
 tried to show my girlfriend a new song, ended up showing her a bunch of my porn. i don't know if she bought it or not.
 hit on a girl at work, turns out she hates me and threw my burrito at me because i'm a dick and she doesn't like me.
 i knocked a mirror off a guy's car and paid him $50 for it. fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, fuck you, f
 went to the gym for the first time in five years, jumped on the treadmill too fast, threw up in the water fountain, walked out with the fire of a thousand suns.
 i'm an idiot who doesn't back up his data and now i'm sitting at my laptop with a new harddrive and no motivation to rebuild anything.
 i've been using a stolen credit card to order products from a company i work for, and i'm probably going to lose my job..
 wanted to apply to a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. but i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. but i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1 city away from here where many of pixar, disney and other industry giants employees are recruited from. but i wanted to apply to both because theres a prestigious animation program at a college 1
 took a chance on a fart, had to walk 3 blocks home with boxer briefs full of masala shit. never gamble on a fart; i've lost that bet too many times.
 don't take laxatives while drunk, especially if you've been taking them for a week or so. they'll work if you're not careful.
 asked a girl if her sister was single, she said she was going to tell her and now i feel like the creepiest person on the face of the planet.
 i didn't pay my bills, my credit is shit, and my parents are on the line for everything as well. i'm an idiot.
 i forgot to fill up my dad's truck with diesel fuel and now he thinks i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to drive.
 [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.jpg) [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.jpg) [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.jpg) [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.jpg) [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/mqtqhg0.jpg) [very disappointed.](http://i.imgur.com/m
 didn't drop a deuce, coughed loose a small bit of dookie, got to the washroom and found a lump under my asshole.
 put headsooth on my dick, balls lit up like a london bus, had to wash them with water, sent them to everyone i know.
 tried to get to class on time, got almost 50 mph in a 25 mph zone, didn't have insurance, only got 195 for 20 over.
 copied a link to a bikini pic and sent it to the girl i was talking to. i'm a cs major and she's technologically challenged.
 went to the gym for the first time in weeks, locked myself out of my locker, had to walk across the gym in my underwear to get it open.
 got drunk, went home, vomited, fell asleep, swam in a pond, woke up 500 miles away from home, next lecture starts in 4 hours
 i accidentally showed my boyfriend and a mutual friend my boobs while chatting on google hangout. i was too embarrassed to say a word, but i did apologize.
 accidentally sent a link to a nude photo of me to a male friend of mine. he didn't look at it, but i'm pretty sure he saw my tits.
 http://i.imgur.com/kqslddv.gif http://i.imgur.com/kqslddv.gif
 laughed at a picture of my friend making out with a ham planet in a fantasy football game and got yelled at by the teacher for it and now i'm out of class.
 i have been rejected from getting a bank loan because my credit rating is too low because i have not been in any debt in order to boost my credit rating. i have student finance and as well as monthly bills but as these payments go through my student account, they do not affect my credit rating because, apparently, student finance and student accounts have no affect on your credit rating.
 my 68-year old boss walked in on me masturbating in my office, and i couldn't help but feel like i was about to orgasm.
 i killed a spider with a broom and used the n word for the first time in my life, and now my neighbors think i'm a wizard.
 i fucked over a guy i used to hook up with, who wanted to date me, when he came back to town and i realized i missed him.
 found a lighter in the bottom of the dryer, knocked it to the bottom of the dryer, boyfriend had to pull the dryer out from the wall and take half the thing apart to find the damned thing.
 i farted in my mother in law's new expensive chair and my entire family saw it and now i'm scared to ever fart again.
 i put too much aluminum foil around a lithium battery and it exploded in the fridge, ruining some bottles of milk and burnt orange juice and melted some plastic.
 went to zante for first ever lads holiday, got sick from alcohol for the first time, had sex with 10 girls on the beach with a pint of vodka.
 i thought my paper final was due tomorrow but it wasn't and now i'm in trouble with my professor and a new sorority. also, my gpa for the semester has to be over a 2.0.
 forgot to throw out grapefruit juice, drank it in the middle of the night, felt nauseous for the rest of the day. don't drink grapefruit juice in the middle of the night.
 got drunk with a friend, took shots of scotch, came to school hungover as fuck. i'm a dumbass. fml.
 i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee drinker. i'm not a coffee
 i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking
 it was a small receipt but damn, it contained my tuition fee which my parents could only rely on. and now my parents cannot pay my tuition fee, i also cannot have the exam tomorrow.
 my grandmother didn't change to a shaped plan, i went over my data allowance with porn, she found all of my porn, and i moved back home because she couldn't deal with the monetary cost of my habits.
 bought a dildo, used it to beat people, threw it in the trunk of my car, dad took it to the car wash and vacuumed it up.
 i knocked over my thermos, poured tea all over my test, and punted it onto a girl's lap, soaking her test in the process.
 kissed a girl i was dating at a party my coworker's boyfriend was throwing, she didn't want to talk to me, spread around work.
 i made a promise to my friend that i wouldn't tell anyone about what happened and now they want to finish me off because they think i am a prick.
 my neighbor pissed on a dog's nose because she thought it was a cute idea to play with the other dog. i'm a dumbass.
 went on a 2nd date with a girl, she invited me over for dinner, i flirt with her roommate\u2019s mom, she leaves, i sleep in her guest loft, jizz all over her guest room bed, fall down a 6 foot drop and break a wall.
 i didn't say anything to my girlfriend, she needed to rip off some band aids to take back control of her own life, and i was one of those band aids.
 i was parked on the side of the road and a bus came up on my left trying to turn right into the intersection in front of me. it just kept going and crushed the left front side of my car plus tore off my mirror completely.
 don't have the guts to tell your mate that you're having sex with a drunk girl, especially if you're a good friend of yours.

 wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers! wiggers!
 my dog ate my pizza and now i have to clean my deck off in the freezing cold because he couldn't make it to the backyard in time.
 tried to make soda for my stepmom, ended up spraying everything in a radius of 40cm, then reversed the process and made soda with carbon dioxide instead of syrup.
 my roommate changed the name of my usb stick to \horse porn\ and i accidentally put a recording of a class session on it. i got called into my professor's office and had to explain myself.
 didn't do any of the graffiti, sat there and watched, it will be on my record for ever and i will most likely lose jobs because i technically have a record.
 i was late to the bus stop & my 5 year old almost got on a hot bus for 2 hrs. now i'm bus-shamed.
 tifu by pissing on a cat that got stuck in the toilet and had to run around the house to get out. now i have to clean up a soaked bathroom before the rest of the family gets home.
 my girlfriend gave me a blowjob and her mom walked in on us and saw half of my penis. i didn't know until my girlfriend told me.
 i wanted to wake up early today, but my body didn't see it that way. ended up being a bloody mess in the middle of the night.
 lost my passport card at the airport, had to pay $50 for a taxi back to the hotel, and had to go through alternative screening at the airport.
 i told a nice girl that her dad gave up on life 3 years ago and that she'll look back favorably on the time she spent with her brothers.
 made a french joke to a french person on a conference call, he left the call, and i didn't know it was me who said it.
 don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and don't be a dumbass and
 i was too drunk to stop someone else from driving home drunk, they got a dui and i get in trouble because it was my house they were at.
 we followed a convoy of 7 cars out of a parking lot and saw them all get out and they were only a large latino family. biggest disappointment ever.
 had an accident, didn't show up for a job i wasn't supposed to show up for, customer can't take computer, felt like dante from clerks
 made out with my girlfriend, balls hurt, went to the hospital, got my dick caught in my pants, had to drive half an hour to the next clinic
 i screenshotted my friend's snapchat, they called me out on it, and now i'm worried they'll think i'm a pervert.
 went outside for an hour a half in blazing sun, used prescription acne medication, forgot to read the label, now i look like i've been severely sunburned.
 i had sex with my boyfriend in his roommate's room and he saw my tits because his phone went off while he was in his room and he didn't know we were there.
 went to a park, shit myself, got dry shit on my legs, hope people don't think i'm a dirty asshole.**
 fell asleep on a first date with a girl, she leaves for a 2 week vacation tonight, and i am sleeping through what should have been a great date.
 i didn't pay attention to which way the burr was facing on a coil and now i have to rewind it by hand and it's costing me $1200.
 i tried to show my sister's gf a sex toy, ended up showing her my sister's pocket rocket, and now i have to pick it up and put it back together.
 took a nude selfie in the bathroom, accidentally sent it to my parents on their 48\ tv while they were watching tv. now my parents think i'm an asshole.
 i asked my parents to let me spend a night at my boyfriend's place while he's out of town. i've been denied every time.
 i had to pee in the river and had to squat over a log to get it out of my swimsuit and now i'm stuck on the ground.
 got my underage cousin so drunk that he got caught by the cops at the fair and he went to the hospital for alcohol intoxication very severe, now i have to comfront the whole family about the situation, including his angry parents.
 my mom called me to pick up some tampons while i was out, and my phone was on full blast, making me look like an asshole.
 i accidentally dropped my tampon in the toilet at work, tried flushing it to no avail, and the shift manager had to call a plumber to fix it.
 i wiped my butt with toilet paper and clorox and it burned for several hours and caused my butt to swell shut. i'm an idiot.
 don't tell your mom youTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkia
 i won a raffle for a binder, sent it to the wrong address, and my dad can't pick it up from the post office since no one here is named jesus hose.
 i left my music plugged in to a portable speaker at work, and it played \fuck you\ all over the place. i'm an idiot.
 my best friend and i have known each other for sixteen years and tell each other everything. best friend cheats on her fianc\u00e9 and we hang out. best friend finds out and flips shit. we sleep together.
 i should have brought my rings in to get looked at sooner. now i can't afford to fix them and i feel like i let my husband down.
 sang \when you're good to mama\ in the shower while home alone, uncle walked in on me naked and masturbating in the bathroom.
 i threw up in my face for the first time and ended up soaking a rug in my bathroom and covering the floor with my puke. i think the only reason i remember this is because it was the first time vomit ever came out my nose an it hurt like a bitch.
 i thought a fart was a puking fart and ended up shitting into my pajama pants while trying to puke into the toilet. it could have been avoided.
 i was ironing naked and the iron \seared\ my cock. it now has a blistered line across the shaft and it is somewhat painful.
 i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink. i'm out and want a drink.
 i picked up a rotten robin egg, put it in my car, and it leaked out onto my hand. it smelled like death for a day.**
 i searched a server's book and found a stack of coupons that she was planning to steal. she was fired and suspended, and i'm out of a job.
 got stuck against a wall on the bus, tried to get my phone in my pocket, ended up rubbing my erect dick against a woman's ass.
 i pissed in a gatorade bottle, put it next to my bed and drank my own piss, then spewed it all over my pillow and bed.
 my gf and i had sex in her basement, her mother walked in and now i'm probably going to get ripped a new one by her.
 showed my friends my tattoo at work, my boss saw me with my pants down, and now i feel like i'm the butt of a joke.
 i didn't realize a kid with autism was knocking on the door at a jewish family's house, and i called him a spoiled brat.
 tried to buy a train ticket, fell down the escalator, hit my knee hard on the stairs, and am now unable to bend my knee without pain.
 don't cook bacon naked. it'll make you look like an asshole. i cooked bacon naked. it'll make you look like an asshole.
 i punched my sister in the face because i thought she wasn't moving out of the way when i was going for the collar of a puppy that was growling.
 i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbass and they gave me the stink eye. i'm a dumbas
 i wrecked my car, broke up with my girlfriend, and became the biggest joke in school over my minecraft playing. i'm a dumbass.
 i texted a portuguese exchange student \prepare your anus, i'm coming in hot\ and now i look like a serial rapist.
 parked my car at a train station, smashed into a \no parking sign\ bumper, had to get my mum to pick me up at 3 in the morning, had to cancel a date, had to play 3 sets at a festival.
 i missed an extra credit quiz on my first exam, and now i look like a total ass to the professor and my chances of getting into the program.
 drew hitler in my friends science notebook, got called out of class, was labeled a nazi and outcast for the rest of the year. fml
 my mom found out i was listening to porn on mysoundcloud account and found out i was watching porn on my facebook. i deleted mysoundcloud account, and she told me it's okay for boys my age to explore sexual content.
 i took a test in the wrong section because my alarm clock was wrong and daylight savings time ended an hour earlier than i thought it should have, and my professor wasn't there to accept the test.
 i pooped in the bathroom at work and had to use tp to clean it up. nobody used the bathroom the rest of the day and i had to get more tp out of the closet in front of everyone to put to rest any doubt in their minds as to whether or not pooping was going on.
 i used a rag full of icy hot to \clean up\ fapping. my balls feel like the surface of the sun, and my penis is swollen and wondering why i'm so damn stupid.
 i earned $200 from volunteer work and now i have to buy a new phone because i can't afford to buy a bunch of games that i was planning on buying.
 got high, waited at a bus stop for the bus, got spit on by a woman and her two children while i was trying to clean it up.
 drunk me thought it would a fun idea to have a three way with my flatmate and his male friend last night ( i am female ). and yeah, it was fun, but now my ass is paying the price, i am bleeding like hell down there!
 fapped to pony porn, didn't realize my mom was about to turn on my monitor, punched my monitor as hard as i could and broke the screen.
 tifu thread of a guy shitting pants on his neighbours lawn (new to posting on reddit don't know how to link) popped up on my boss's computer screen.
 i failed a chem test, destroyed a side mirror on my car, looked like a dragon ball z all day, spilled hot coffee on my shirt, and slipped on wet concrete.
 i misread the parameters for a calculation i was doing for a final year undergraduate project, resulting in me not being able to reproduce the results for a month.
 don't shake a toner cartridge, you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft. of you. also, don't shake a toner cartridge, you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft. of you. also, don't shake a toner cartridge, you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft. of you. also, don't shake a toner cartridge, you will ruin your clothes, the floor, and anything within 5 ft. of you.
 i drank whiskey for the first time in my life, got so drunk i kicked the shit out of myself and my wife tried to have sex with me.
 i closed my bank account because they wouldn't give me my federal income tax refund, which i scheduled to be deposited into the account that i had just closed.
 didn't use a hood when using dichloromethane, got potentially carcinogenic gas vaporizing in my lab, thought it was cool, got carbon monoxide poisoning.
 i forgot to write the date on a jar of acid, had to make a \soup\ out of it, and had to wait in line to get a pen.
 didn't know glycerin was in lube, said it in front of coworkers, now they think i'm a pedophile (and i'm not).
 asked my friend if she was wearing pants in russian and was actually asking her if she was wearing underwear. now my friend thinks i'm a perv.
 i offered to walk a blind girl to the starbucks 10 meters away, and then i replied with \thanks\ instead of \thank you\. i feel like i should've helped her at least to the counter instead of letting her go at the entrance.
 i forgot to lock the door in a unisex bathroom and someone walked in on me shitting and now my secretary thinks i'm a pedophile.
 don't throw up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in front of the porcelain god, or you'll end up throwing up in
 went to the dump for my mom, threw away my twenties, almost flipped my jeep on the way home, and had to explain the problem to the garbage man.
 i took my fiance to a japanese restaurant on the bus and ended up pissing on the back of the bus. i'm an asshole.
 i was home alone, didn't have a towel, skipped down stairs naked, singing to taylor swift in the dining room, everyone saw me naked.
 i tried to impress my friend with a zombie impression, ended up making a girl with downs syndrome think i was mocking her. i'm an idiot.
 i sat in the shower, stood up, and ended up on the floor of the shower with my head hanging through the shower curtain and my foot ached.
 i made a joke about getting married to my girlfriend, she didn't take it very well and i feel like i may have fucked up our relationship.
 i borrowed my sister's library card information to borrow ebooks from a private ebook torrent website, and the books i borrowed were \the sex game bible\ and \101 advanced sex positions for maximizing intimacy\.
 i went to a party, didn't know anyone there, and stole a large sum of money from the party. the person whose money it was wants to call the police but hasn't yet. i have no problem giving the money back the person at this point, it was a stupid mistake and i don't even want it anymore. i have no problem giving the money back the person at this point, it was a stupid mistake and i don't even want it anymore. i have no problem giving the money back the person at this point, it was a stupid mistake and i don't even want it
 ran into a pole with my car, airbag deployed, chest slammed into steering wheel, don't have $500 to fix it, probably going to lose my job.
 swallowed a half dollar, it passed into my colon, theres a 1% chance it might rip right through my colon causing me the worst pain of my life and giving me a colin bag for my shit if i live on the outside of my body forever.
 i forgot to check a bag that was full of paychecks to a hub of 5,000+ workers, and i loaded them into a semi trailer in northern ohio.
 i lost my brand new samsung galazxy s4 while walking home from my friends birthday party. i don't remember if i had my phone when i left my friends house. i told my friend what happened and asked him to keep me updated if he finds it or not but i have yet to hear back from him.
 tifu by showing my family a picture of an anime girl stomping another girl in the cooch. i'm pretty sure my parents' view of me has changed forever.
 don't blow out your hair on christmas eve. it will catch on fire, and you'll never be able to blow out your hair again.
 tifu by not getting the number of the girl i'm going to spend the rest of my life with. i'm a dumbass.
 i got blackout drunk, fell asleep in my old apartment and woke up in the middle of the night in the middle of the street with my keys in my hand.
 i had a christmas wank, and my housemate saw me cocking and toweling in the doorway, while she was sleeping next door.
 i slipped on wet concrete, broke 3 teeth, and had a large gash on my cheek, while on an overnight trip to a mountain in thailand.
 i have been reading my exam calendar the wrong way for the past six weeks, putting my exam on the tuesday instead of the monday, panicked when i saw one of my classmates put up a photo saying \post-exam chillout\.
 went on long bike ride, get sick to stomach, go into air conditioned library and throw up all over the floor. i have never gone back to that library.
 i put a love poem in my crush's locker and then accidentally wrote \i love you\ on her yearbook. i don't know what to do.
 i withdrew from a math class and forgot to turn in all of the paperwork, now i'm fucked and i don't know what to do.
 i wanted to try ass play for the first time, ended up with an empty izze bottle in my butt and an orgasm in my butt.
 boned my gf on the couch, her brother walked home early, saw us through the front door, she asked him what he saw and he said \you on the couch\.
 burnt my stomach on an oven tray, still have the scar to show for it. i fuck up a lot. i'm male, don't get excited gents.
 my sister found the semen sample i have to bring to the lab. she left it alone and was a little grossed out. it's not like it was terribly awkward or anything.
 tifu by taking my girlfriend to the supermarket and now she won't talk to me and i'm worried that she is going to get hurt.
 i fucked up by bringing my girlfriend to my ex's work on the night he is working, and then fucking him up when he was starting to get better.
 don't eat bacon if you don't want to taste it. it's not worth it if you don't want to taste it.
 got caught smoking pot in a parking garage at a large shopping mall, might get charged with criminal trespassing, and might get fired from my job next week.
 i wrote \if you read this i will eventually marry you\ at the bottom of my speech, and my teacher doesn't have the edit function.
 mom asked me what r/spacedicks was, i pulled up r/spacedicks, i don't know what i've done.
 i fucked up by sending the person an email gift card, saying thank you for the understanding, that will now be a permanent reminder of the situation, along with anything that is bought using it.
 went to my girlfriend's house, she jerked me off, her mom was a ninja and opened the door while i was deep in her daughter.
 rick called in to my store, i told him i could only get $10 for a coin that's worth $300. he called back and i punched him in the face.
 girlfriend asked me what my #1 fantasy was, i explained it to her, she pretended to be my favorite baseball player to help me climax, and now i don't know what to do.
 tried to impress my boyfriend by waxing my ass. ended up gluing my ass cheeks together with sugar wax. now my ass cheeks are red and raw.
 i broke my friend's new 3ds by trying to do a mario kart trick in the air. he didn't want to talk to me.
 wrote 200 pages of \sometimes i\ jokes in a notebook, biology teacher found them, read them to the whole class, and sent me to the principal.
 i overdosed on hydrocodone and now i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my mom thinks i got food poisoning. i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my mom thinks i got food poisoning. i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my mom thinks i got food poisoning. i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my mom thinks i got food poisoning. i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my mom thinks i got food poisoning. i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my mom thinks i got food poisoning. i'm too afraid to tell my parents and my
 no gas in my car, punch my roomate in the face, leave him at a gas station, go get my car, punch my roomate in the face, leave him there and head back.
 peed my pants in a porta-potty, wind ripped the porta-john open, and i had to pull my pants down to my ankles.
 didn't pay attention to where i was going, knocked a little girl to the ground and made her cry. still feel like a dumbass.
 i ate satan's very shit in my cup and now my anus has the grand canyon of its pain and i have a clogged toilet.
 i stepped on a dead animal, it stuck to the bottom of my slipper, and now the whole apartment smells like dead animal, and i don't have any cleaning supplies.
 don't smoke 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338- 800-338-
 didn't pay attention to announcements in train, train turned the fuck around and is now heading back in the wrong direction, will be going hungry tonight and tomorrow
 tried on a dress at hot topic, fell through a velvet curtain and exposed my underwear and the back of my bra. mom bought it for me as a reward for good grades.
 went to buy weed, accidentally called my dealer's girlfriend hideous, locked myself out of my house and haven't heard back from my dealer for three hours.
 fapped outside in the middle of the night on the patio of a christian family's house. fapped again in the middle of the night on the patio of a christian family's house.
 i ejaculated on my family's living room fan, and now i have to clean it up or vomit it all over my living room.
 i put sweet tea in a bucket that slipped out of my hand and flooded the store. someone shut off the main water valve, shutting off water to everything.
 locked myself out of my mom and her friend's house and left my weed, pipe and beer on the coffee table. i'm an idiot.
 i sucked a spoon out of my mouth and now my cheeks and lip are grey/white and i have a bad taste in my mouth. i'm an idiot.
 rolled a cherry out of my car window, it blew back in my face, it caught fire, and i spent 5 minutes stomping out a small fire in my car.
 i accidentally erased and added my physics answers to the math test answers. i only finished 2/3 of the physics test and i botched several of my math ii answers.
 i had to shit in front of the entire cast and crew of a high school musical. i used a filthy toilet in the backstage room. the director of the play told me it didn't flush right.
 i fell off my bike and fractured 7 ribs on my back left side. feeling sick for a week. thanks to a bunch of people for saving my life.
 didn't poop for a week, took laxatives, ate a lot of fiber one bars, farted a lot, asshole ripped.
 teacher took my phone then proceeded to read from it in front of the class. the post was racist jokes and now the students think i'm a douche.
 took 70mg of vyvance the night before an exam, can't sleep, can't kill the machine, didn't crash during the test.
 dropped a tampon in a public bathroom, scared the shit out of myself, ran out of the bathroom faster than a hungry cat who had just heard a can open.
 i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to find toilet paper.
 i had a crush on a girl, she touched my dick twice, and i came as soon as she touched it, and i left as soon as i could.
 don't forget to put the kettle on when you're in the nude, or else you'll end up burning your ass off.
 flipped my shit on a girl, lost a friend, and now she's blocking me on skype and facebook and unfriending me on lol.**
 \bet you've never seen so many old people in one place\ instead of just saying \no\, my brain immediately responds with something you don't say around seniors.
 i used my own spit to fap and ended up with sores on my dick and one in my mouth...ugh ideas to help please...i fapped and used my own spit and ended up with sores on my dick and one in my mouth...ugh ideas to help please...i fapped and used my own spit and ended up with sores on my dick and one in my mouth...ugh ideas to help please...i fapped and used my own spit and ended up with sores on my dick and one in my mouth...ugh ideas to help please...i fapped and used my own spit and ended
 i destroyed my girlfriend's phone and it's going to cost me a lot more to get it fixed and i'm going to have to have sex soon.
 left my wallet on a guy's living room floor where i had sex with him and it's still there. i'm a dumbass.
 i spilled ice-water on a hot woman in a white shirt, and now she's pissed at me.. and i'm pissed at myself.
 ran with friends through a cemetery, fell in an open grave and had to run 4 miles to get back up and finish the run. i'm a dumbass.
 i threw up on the side of the road while my fiance was pulling into the turn lane. he wasn't pulling into the turn lane, so i cracked my door at the exact moment he took a sharp turn, and i was flung out of the car head first and sent rolling across 4 lanes of traffic.
 my friend invited me to a dance with her dog, i thought it was an old invitation from last year, laughed and patted the dog on the head and said, \yes, scampers (the dog's name), i will go to the dance with you!\
 i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to use a computer.
 congratulated my ex's parents on their new baby. turns out mom and dad quit smoking and gained some weight. i should've known they are in their late 40's.
 i walked into the women's restroom instead of the men's. a girl screamed and called me a pervert. a female cop walked by and heard the scream and threatened to arrest me for \harassment and sexual assault!!!!!\
 i rode my bike to work for the first time in years, and ended up breaking my glasses, spraining my wrist, and dislocating my shoulder.
 i accidentally dabbed urine on my lips while pooping and proceeded to do a walk of shame in a different bathroom that knew not of my shame.**
 i kissed a girl, she broke up with her previous boyfriend, i asked her to date me, she said it was still the best date she'd ever been on, i persisted, she made it the best date i've ever been on.
 i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned it. i earned
 got pissed off, tried to remove an infected toe nail, ended up ripping out the nail that had started growing into my toe, causing the infection.
 i forgot my gloves and now my bedroom is the warmest it's ever been and my asshole is tight like the bitch it is.**
 made fajitas with jalapeno peppers and now my fingers are burning and i can't feel the burn anymore. i think i'll wash my hands more often when touching jalapenos next time..
 tried to twist a super glue bottle, ended up with glue all over my mouth and tongue. don't use super glue if you don't know how to twist a bottle.
 tried to impress a girl by showing her my swing dance moves, ended up shitting myself in front of her, and my friends had to clean it up.
 forgot about the lack of cold water, took a shower, almost burned the pipes that store water, and had a second near-death experience when my parents realized that i almost burned my apartment.
 put a potato in the microwave, hit the potato shortcut button, potato caught on fire, microwave appears to be undamaged, kitchen smells like burnt potato for 2 days.
 i accidentally sent a picture of my penis to my mom instead of my husband because i was trying to turn my phone on and off at the same time.
 i stared at a girl's midriff city shirt because i'm a hockey fan and she was wearing a player's name on it, and her dad saw me.
 i killed a goose in the middle of the night and now my wife thinks i'm a cock-a-doodle-doo. fml.
 i changed the dates of my last work experience on my r\u00e9sum\u00e9, sent it to a lot of companies, and got an interview in a company because of it.
 i told my ex that i couldnt marry her bc of our bad past and now i feel like shit every morning when i get off work and come home to a empty house.
 i got drunk at a nerd convention, traded some mystery booze for some strega, and the guy sitting next to me drank 6 shots out of it.
 my dog stepped on my ballsack while my brother was talking to me about the boston bombings and now i'm talking to my grandmother with my pants down with a stepped on ballsack.
 i sprayed febreze on my dick and it hurt so bad that i cancelled a dinner date with my girlfriend because she had to work on homework.
 drank too much, blacked out, puked the night away, owe a handle of admiral and left my dignity on the bathroom floor for the night.
 i left balloons in my trunk and they ended up in the back of a camry and the spare tire of a jeep in a dollar tree parking lot.
 i am an asshole who ate curry instead of sriracha and now my asshole is going to hurt for the rest of the night because of it.
 i tried to clean my cock with baby wipes, and ended up bleeding all over the bathroom and the floor. i ended up wearing dark coloured boxer-briefs.
 i put a pizza box in a gas oven, it caught fire, filled my apartment with smoke, and i'm now panicking that my smoke alarm is going to go off, which, were this to happen, would succeed in evacuating the entire complex, and end in me paying a large fee to the university, and probably one to the fire department as well.
 tried to upload pictures from /r/gonewild to my new samsung gs3, ended up streaming them to my friend's blu-ray player.
 locked myself out of my car for 90 minutes and was late to pick up my kid and my gf. i'm a dumbass.**
 i spilled a beer on the keyboard and broke the w,1,2,tab key and the brightness up key. now i can't use the keyboard.
 i dropped my phone in a water bowl at my boyfriend's gym, tried to dry it off in the sun, and ended up with shitty screwdrivers.
 took laxatives, farted all over myself, thought it was piss, turns out it was diarrhea and i was lucky it didn't go all over the bed.
 invented a new drinking game where you take your bottle of beer, hold it in your mouth and have to swim underwater to the other side and then finish it off when you submerge. no pool water got in and i was a hero. i got cocky and went for a return pass to the other side, this time i didn't take as much care (hell it worked last time so its a sure thing) and i think quite a bit of pool water got in.
 i peed on the kitchen floor in the middle of the night, and my mother found me half naked and still peeing on the floor in the middle of the night.
 i set the school on fire, evacuated the whole school and sent two people to the hospital. my dad found out the next day about the people who went to the hospital.
 went skiing fell off my skis landed on my shoulder dislocate it and tear the ligaments my friend who was behind me on the trail assumed i took off and left him behind sped up so i had to climb out with my skis and poles.
 i laughed at a baby falling out of a chair and now i'm sniggering and laughing at myself. i'm a dumbass.
 i should not have done that. i am not enriched by what i found there. i am not enriched by what i found there. i am not enriched by what i found there. i am not enriched by what i found there.
 i highjacked the jukebox at a waffle house, and found a veteran behind me. he didn't seem to share my enthusiasm for john fogerty.
 i mowed down some baby birds with my mower, and now they're all dead. also, i'm not sure what to do with them.
 tried to install ubuntu on a 20gig partition instead of osx, ended up deleting 180gb of work from my hard drive. fuck linux.
 let friends spray me with pepper spray, got sprayed in the face in the shower, got sprayed in my genitals by my gf in the shower.
 tried to listen to music while walking home, ended up tripping on a crack, now i can't straighten my knee and can't weight on it.
 phone vibrated while i was pooping, dropped it in shitwater, threw it on my friend's bed, and she kicked me in the balls.
 i hit a mallard in the head with my golf ball, killing him, and almost running him over with my golf ball, which was resting near the edge of the green.
 told a family friend that my dad had just been laid off from a company he did long term i.t. management for. he was the one who hired me all those years ago. dad turned bright red and said to me in a extremely awkward voice \that boys dad is the boss of the company i just left.
 i made an inside joke with my friends that my friend was going to shoot up my school tomorrow, october 19th, and the whole group was arrested for conspiracy to commit murder.
 girlfriend was yelling at me for having mold in my trashcan (it will cause asthma, that causes cancer **blah blah** why are we listening to news you dont even comprehend what they are saying **bitch complain** i cant beleive you woke me up so early, while i was giving her a ride to work at 6am, after working till 2am the night before. after a 30 minute barrage of this in 630am l.a. traffic i snapped, yelled and smashed my hand down on my wooden center console, hit my phone and broke the screen and lcd (birthday preasent 1 week old from parents who
 i high fived a paraplegic girl on a longboard and she did not find the humor in my actions. i'm an asshole.
 i gave my friend a taco, she pooped on me, i farted, she punched and kicked me, i sat in my safe haven laughing my ass off.
 texted my boss about a coworker and he didn't report to me... now i'm in a new job and he didn't mention it.
 tifu my neck during midterms for the second time in 2 months. still waiting to find out if i'll be able to do my work for the rest of the semester.
 i ordered a practice saber from amazon, ups thought it was a sword and told me i couldn't have it because it wasn't a weapon.
 i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :( i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :( i knocked over the graduated cylinder and it broke. i was embarrassed :(
 i fell in love with a woman 6 years older than me. we agreed to sync up in 18 months, and she asked me if i was serious about our agreement. i answered \i lied\.
 i took my friend's backpack, fell off a table, and dislocated my knee. i'm a glass half full guy, and i won't live this down for a long, long time.
 got asked to bartend a wedding, got really drunk, destroyed my dad's shirt with a bottle of vodka, dropped a chunk of glass and ruined his shirt.
 farted so loud i almost puked and blasted my hand with a toilet paper roll. don't smoke or drink coffee before going to the bathroom.
 i forgot to lock the door :'( ( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the door :'( i forgot to lock the
 fell asleep behind the wheel of my 11k car, scratched a load of paint off the side panels, woke up the next day hungover as shit.
 went on a date with my boyfriend, had sexy times, his grandpa walked in on us while we were under the covers, groped us, and left.
 threw a tennis ball at my coworkers and knocked some woman's coffee over. apologized and offered to buy her lunch. turned out to be one of our main clients.
 if you don't know what social media is, don't use it. it's the devil and you'll never know what it's like.
 got my own secret library of porn on my friends laptop, almost got them sued for copyright infringement, and now my friend's mom and step-dad know about it.
 went on a new ride with my shirt over my head. ride stopped with my shirt still over my head. got off early but didn't want to be more embarrassed.
 i mistook an ear wax dissolvent bottle for my eye drop bottle and put an ear wax dissolvent drop in my eye. now i have a dull pain in my eye.
 i went home early and got paid for 3.5 hours that i wasn't working, but my boss said it was okay and i was allowed to go home early.
 tried to help a man on an electric scooter and ended up crashing him right into the tables of people at starbucks causing all their coffees to spill over the floor.
 i fell in love with my best friend's crush and now he won't hang out with me and i need to find a new group of friends.
 i crashed my car because i didn't want to wait in my car, but i didn't get any tickets because i wasn't drunk.
 i've been off smoking for 58 days, bought a pack of smokes and now i feel like i'm going to vomit at any second.
 tried to hold my dick down with my right hand to piss in the toilet, got swatted by a mosquito, dick got free and pissed everywhere.
 i used flea bomb on my cat and it killed a spider that was trying to escape. i'm not sure if he's ok or not.
 went to football tailgating, hot greek little sister walks up with her friend \hey bigwag91, this is my friend hotgurl, blah blah blah, she just got out of a two year relationship. she is just looking to hang out. had i not been thinking about last night (or maybe the hangover of today) i would have seen this as a total green light on hotgurl. later hotgurl is talking to me alot giving little hints that i should have noticed but i couldn't muster myself together enough to take these hints and lay some moves on hotgurl.
 tried to be keanu reeves and sandra bullock, ended up making a girl think there was a bomb on the bus, and she proceeded to tell the driver.
 i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord. i told her it was the umbilical cord.
 daylight savings time caused me to be 30 minutes late to my first day at work, and i didn't even realize it until my boss called me.
 i joined the army because i wanted to be an officer, but i didn't want to be an officer, and now i'm an emt.
 i ate popcorn fast on an empty stomach and my stomach tried to mutiny. i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to eat popcorn again.
 i threw up while on the freeway with the window open, barf came back in and hit my friend sitting behind me. she got it in her mouth.
 went to a dispensary for the first time, got a free dap of hashish, drove off in my car and got a 70 dollar ticket for an expired meter.
 went to burger king. threw soda and straw in my chair. gave the lady money. drove off. never going back to that burger king ever again.
 i got sick, took a shit, projectile vomited all over my kitchen, and now i can't find a way to get a carpet cleaner.
 i pretended i had the new madden 25 game so i could be a part of the conversation and ended up giving it to my co-workers instead.
 ate 2 pancheros burritos in one sitting, burped and farted, butthole is gonna be a real butthole burner at work.
 papercuts to the eye, particularly of this magnitude, hurts at least as much as you'd imagine. don't ever do it, kids.
 fell asleep watching porn on my laptop, forgot to close the pop-up ads and had to show my extended family some of my sexy photos.
 tried to have sexy facetime with coworker's wife, accidentally facetimed her and accepted his facetime while naked. coworker saw my man bits.
 i told my ex girlfriend i loved her after she cheated on me with a girl she only knew for a week and now i cant get that shit out of my head.
 i downloaded tor in middle school, tech at the high school i go to found it 4 years later, and now i'm suspended for the first time in my life.
 i almost died at work from an arc flash made up of 480 volts of electricity and i don't know how many amps (i know it's a lot though, because it was the main disconnect for the entire machine).
 didn't use the e-brake on my car, rolled through a parking lot, almost crashed into cars waiting for the light to turn green, and left the 7-11 to probably never return.
 wasp flew in my car window, i swatted it with a cigarette, hit a dumpster, broke my car, and now my phone is dead.
 i passed out in the hospital bathroom and made the entire er staff throw up because i didn't clean up after myself. i'm an idiot.
 i went to get my oil changed and ended up paying 180$ for a service i didn't even want to do. i'm a dumbass.
 i jumped into a lake with my glasses on. they hit my foot and i was too drunk to go diving for them. it sucks.
 i didn't have the fucking gammon for dinner and shat myself twice in the middle of the night because i didn't have the fucking gammon.
 gambled on a fart in a diaper, ended up with a shart all over my vagina, and a horrible smell for the rest of the night.
 i put pepsi in the freezer, it froze, i opened it, it exploded, i cleaned it up, my hair was stuck together and my eyes were sticky.
 shaved my balls. balls couldn't handle it. bloody balls. toilet paper is the only thing getting between my bloody balls and my clean pair of underwear.
 fell asleep during my spanish final, missed the rest of the reading section, and everyone saw me with an erection in the middle of the room. i avoided my spanish teacher for the rest of my time at that high school.
 i'm a dumbass who doesn't save, and i lost a fuckton of work because of it. i'm a dumbass who doesn't save, and i lost a fuckton of work because of it. i'm a dumbass who doesn't save, and i lost a fuckton of work because of it. i'm a dumbass who doesn't save, and i lost a fuckton of work because of it. i'm a dumbass who doesn't save, and i lost a fuckton of work
 i stuck my hand in pee to save my phone and ended up losing all my data and having to call my mom in tears because i could lose all my data and the fact that i stuck my hand in pee and explained what happened.
 i told her after class and she just said, \um, thanks?\ (she is pretty cute, huge ass and very nice breasts. she's pretty skinny too.)
 tried to dye corduroys, ended up dyeing everything in my house burgundy, including my underwear and shirt. i'm going to have to buy a new bathroom.
 i hit a barn with a work truck, and now my boss doesn't know what to do about it. i'm a dumbass.
 accepted 2 interviews that i'm going to have to blow off because i'm not getting conned into being a door to door salesman or a fucking telemarketer.
 half of my popsicle fell into a co-worker's cleavage while she was talking to her co-worker. she shakes her shirt so that that half of my popsicle fell down into her bra.
 [there will be blood.](http://imgur.com/vgmaehi) (http://imgur.com/vgmaehi)
 i took my bike home to replace my rear tube and the wheel slid out of the frame causing the right fork of the tire to bend out of place.
 i danced with a girl i liked at homecoming and now everyone thinks i'm an asshole and i'm probably going to get kicked out of school.
 **: i didn't add a checker to a system that student recruiters were using to congratulate students on their acceptance to a college, and now i'm waiting to see if my boss will come pick me up to fix it.
 i got a zit on my leg, tried to pop it with my shorts down, knocked my chair over backwards, and landed on my ass.
 ate a chilli, did the two-finger shuffle, got hot pain through my genitals, smeared yoghurt into my crotch to make the pain go away.
 ordered 70 dollars worth of clothes online, sent it to the wrong address, mailman shoved it into some tiny ass mailbox and gave it to whoever lives in that apartment now.
 i got drunk on a plane and woke up tied to a bed in a hospital. i have no money to pay the hospital bill and might be banned from flying.
 i slipped on a wet metal grate holding a bottle of wine. it smashed in my hand. had to have plastic surgery on my hand. [cut up hand](http://distilleryimage8.ak.instagram.com/06afea68d44d11e28c7c22000a1fb876_7.jpg) photo a week later [sewed up hand](http://distilleryimage0.ak.instagram.com/edd8ba70d7c511e2850422000a1f9a85_7.jpg)
 i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker i started playing cookie clicker
 i said \i don't know\ to a girl and she didn't believe me. i said \i may or may not like you\ and she didn't reply so i thought she fell asleep.
 i played a tom jones cd at my grandmas funeral and now i'm the laughing stock of the funeral home and my whole family thinks i'm retarded.
 didn't know there was a razor in the toilet. razor met my finger. 3 slices from the razor blades. being without contacts is very painful.
 bought exact same harddrive for my new mac. wanted to rename one to distinct which one was. didn't know which one was which. lost 3 big folders of movies i didn't copy (g-m, n-s, t-z) and video footage from my university project when i interviewed writer/songwriter of animaniacs randy rogel (he wrote the states and presidents song just to name a few) and spike lee's talk when he came to my university in february.
 took photos of a police station in a foreign country with an mp5 submachine gun and was encircled by police in a foreign country sporting automatic weapons after doing something very stupid
 i'm a waste of life i'm fat i'm broke i don't know what's going to happen tomorrow i just wanna die
 i told my cousin's godparent that her missing nephew is already found. then she erupted like a volcano. then my cousin got mad at her and scolded her. now i can't talk to her.
 i told my dad that gay people can marry because straight people can't. he's ignored me for the rest of last night and i don't know if i'll ever see him again.
 got drunk, tried to hook up with a prostitute, ended up freezing in my bed with her, and felt awful for wasting her time during prime bar time.
 i poured hot tea into a crack in a glass dispenser, flooded the kitchen and floor with hot tea, and then tried to move it to the sink.
 i put candy corn in a kid's bag and a parent thought i was trying to poison his daughter. i'm not a smart-alec.
 i accidentally kneed my brother in the berries, and now he's pretending to kick me in the cooch or punch me in the boobs.
 i didn't know she was drunk. i fell asleep and woke up heartbroken. i work with her all the time. so there's that.
 i threw up all over my step-father's car on new years eve and had to clean it all up because i was drunk and stoned.
 i pissed in my brother's mom's linen basket when i was a kid. he told me today and i'm still laughing about it.
 poured boiling water into a mug of tea, took a swig of my coffee, got scalding water all over my mouth, tongue, and palate.
 drank half the height of vodka at a new year's party, vomited and overslept midnight and the rest of the new year's party.
 gf farted, i shat everywhere, she laughed, i cried, and a beautiful girl stared at my shit covered pants, sofa, and leg.
 i went out for the first time, found a girl, made up a bunch of stuff to get her in, and now she thinks i'm a creep.
 tried to eat an apple, punched myself in the nose, now i'm an appleTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkia
 i walked in 45 minutes late to my best friend surprise birthday party. as i open the door i almost shit my pants with the great surprise with shit loads of confetti and mariachis. as this happens greg drives up to his house with the door wide open with clearly over 30 people in it and 5 mexican mariachis dressed in white.
 had too much to drink, opened the bathroom door, toilet seat fell on my dick, i fell asleep on the way to the hospital to make sure my dick wasn't broken.
 don't use [this](http://www.amazon.com/unknown-daves-insanity-sauce/dp/b0007wuoum/ref=sr_1_4?ie=utf8&qid=1372962972&sr=8-4&keywords=dave%27s+insanity+sauce) at work.
 went swimming in my great-aunt's pool, got burnt, went to roll my sleeves up and my dead skin flew off my shoulder and directly onto the plate of my aunt.
 ** i fapped on an ant infested sheet and scratched an ant on my ass. now my parents may sleep in an ant infested bed.
 got a job, signed up for 401k, thought i was investing 50% of my check, turns out i was actually investing half of my check.**
 i accidentally opened a google search for 'can i get pregnant on my period', projected in huge font for the entire boardroom, while presenting at work.
 took a shit at work, boss was waiting for 10 minutes, she made a hugeass deal out of it saying she was waiting for 10 minutes (which is bullshit) and that \my mother will hear about this\. she's the kind of person that overreacts to everything and hopefully my manager will understand that...
 sent 500+ emails to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business, dozens of mailing lists, qthe works... aaarrgh, 500+ emails sent to all of my gmail contacts, 3/4 of them business
 i played my homemade porn to my very attractive neighbor through my car speakers while he was sitting in the passenger seat. i'm an asshole.
 i forgot to send off a sales tax form with a check, got hit with a late penalty and a fine, and got a raise from my boss.
 tifu by not peeing and changing my tampon before a drug test and probably not accepting the job because i will never forget that drug test. tifu by not peeing and changing my tampon before a drug test and probably not accepting the job because i will never forget that drug test. so tifu by not peeing and changing my tampon before a drug test and probably not accepting the job. so tifu by not peeing and changing my tampon before a drug test and probably not accepting the job. so tifu by not peeing and changing my tampon before a drug test and probably not accepting the job. so tifu by not peeing and
 published a post about the hashtag #fuckcispeople trending on twitter, it ended up being the last post of the day, and all of our daily digests landed in people's spam boxes because \fuck\ ended up in the email subject line.
 had a stroke, didn't think i was going to be out atm, mum saw jizz on my trousers, now i'm embarrassed.
 i was making eye contact with a sexy guy and i didn't know and i ducked. ended up hitting my head on the glove compartment on my way down.
 helping my dad scrap siding, shorts caught on something, pulled it down, scraped out a chunk of skin, waiting for the stinging sensation to vacate from my leg.
 i put nair on my vag and it caught on fire. i'm a dumbass and i hope i can save at least one private with my story.
 i was constipated, so i stuck a finger in my butthole to try and get it out. i'm not constipated.
 i found a hand gun in the woods, called the police, and they thought it was a real gun, but it was just an air soft gun.
 ** i love sunny d so much that i drank it all in the same day and threw up on the floor and my bed twice in the same day.
 cut jalapenos, felt like my eyes and vagina were on fire, boyfriend poured milk on my face and vagina to get rid of the burning sensation, 18 hours later my fingers still felt like they were on fire.
 i shot my roommate's tv and now i may have to sell some of my stuff to pay for the repair and possibly buy a brand new tv.
 i found my darth vadar rollerblades, wore them around my new house and now my new neighbours think i\u2019m a pedophile.
 walked in on my friend kissing his girlfriend in the middle of the room, nope'd the fuck out of there and left them in total darkness
 i bought a $150 video card that won't work, have to cancel it via ups to get my refund, and my cat knocks over my tarantula tank.
 i went way over the top in a cheesecake competition with my grandma and now she's pissed and i'm pretty sure she saw right through me.
 i forgot my nephew was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when i went to change my shirt and he was in the closet when
 i can't do shit on my phone because i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 laughed at a girl getting stoned in afghansitan because i thought of the other stoned, she death stared me and i had to explain why i laughed.
 i accidentally printed nudes from the office printer, and my boss knows who it was printed for. i'm not sure if i'll be fired.
 forgot pot of water on stove, molten metal went flying across the kitchen and wrecked the laminant floor and basement roof for the second year in a row.
 tifu by trying to teach my nephew a new trick with a yoyo and instead him teaching brand new word. tifu by trying to teach my nephew a new trick with a yoyo and instead him teaching brand new word.
 i passed out two hours before a group potluck and woke up two and a half hours after it started. i was still drunk, but everyone could tell.
 forgot that my prof posted the exam online, and now i'm going to have to take it in person, and i'm going to get 15% off my grade.
 i trusted my sister's three year old daughter with my pet hamster, and she put him in the microwave, causing him to explode in front of me.
 i fucked up by leading my gf on about seeing her family on thanksgiving and now she is giving me the cold shoulder and i don't know what to do.
 i picked up a shift at 10 p.m. and didn't make it to my parents' house in time. now i'm probably going to get fired.
 locked myself out of my dorm room at midnight, had to walk 10 minutes one-way to another residence in the dark, almost had a heart attack.
 went fuck around in my moms car in the snow and took out a stop sign, it fell out and i drove it home to tell my mom.
 i was singing \can i smell yo dick\ at a folk concert with a bunch of friends and they started singing it really loudly over and over again.
 ate frozen pork faggots, thought they smelled like faggots, spanish spaniard thinks i'm a faggot.
 i set off the alarm at my college by taking my friend's card to unlock the doors, and now my friend is going to find out about it.
 tried to shave my pubic hair for the first time, ended up cutting off some of my scrotum. it was really painful, but i'm okay now.
 dropped 20 pounds of books into a tote with a scanner in my hand. arm recoiled back up and into my face, hit my lip, and now have a permanent scar of the line of my teeth on my bottom lip.
 didn't pack food, cried, got dehydrated, vomited, fell asleep in a tent, could've caught hypothermia. i'm glad to be home now.
 i saved my final draft of an essay to a usb drive in the computer lab, forgot about it and spent the rest of the day re-writing it.
 don't fuck with your ta, they'll fuck with you too. also, don't fuck with your ta, they'll fuck with you too.
 i corrected a video about beyonce being satanist and now my boss is mad at me and might try to start something with me the next time we work together.
 cat pissed on top of sweater, didn't notice until it was too late, wore it to work and now i'm sitting in a cold office.
 i sneezed and farted at the same time and shit my pants. it was the worst day i have ever had so far. i'm an idiot.
 i sharted on my hotel sheets today. they were white of course. thought i just needed to fart but i was wrong. i sleep commando so there was nothing between me and the white hotel sheets.
 i ate moldy bread and spent 3 hours in the bathroom vacating everything within my system. i'm not sure if i'll ever eat moldy bread again.
 i dropped my carry-on on a toddler's head at the airport, and he didn't even cry. i'm an asshole.
 i over-filled my cup with a slushie and dumped it all over the counter and myself and then spilled the entire cup all over the guy from the counter who had to come out with a mop.
 tried to get rid of scabies by putting cayenne pepper into a hot bath. body exploded into a ghost pepper's worst nightmare. i need milk.
 i went to a self serve car wash that was advertising $4 car washes and ended up doing a drive of shame through my small town, where everybody knows each other, covered in bright pink bubbles to get home and finish my wash with the hose...
 i told my buddy to admit he wanted to be the filler in a hobo sandwich, and now he's trying to figure out if he can edit or delete the note.
 my friend had sex with his girlfriend, his dick ripped through the wall of her vagina, tore her open her rectum, and she almost bled to death.
 got yelled at by a cop, yelled back \fuck you, you fucking fuck\, cops showed up, i'm an idiot.
 the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my gums so i can enjoy the taste all day. the perfumed bitterness now resides in my
 i dyed my hair orange, dripped it on my shoulder, and now my penis is sticking out of my ass and i might lose my job.
 put an eviltron in a co-worker's laptop bag. it went off when she came back from the bathroom and startled her and she called the police.
 i went outside to get my tp and made a joke about the indian thing that was freaking me out. roommate saw me and punched me in the stomach.
 changed roommates facebook page to \penis enlargment\ and my roommate's 84 year old grandmother saw it and started crying. i'm an asshole.
 i burned a piece of paper on my desk and now my parents think i'm smoking weed and i have to deal with them when they find the huge spot of charred backyard in the morning and they think i'm doing drugs.
 lost my sunglasses on a bus, failed a test, failed a medical condition, and now i can't see out of my eye for 5 years.
 i'm hiding in my girlfriends closet because her parents don't want to believe i'm having sex with her and i can't get out.
 i don't have a mug and i'm gonna leave it like this...](http://i.imgur.com/fnw0s2y) [i'm gonna leave it like this...](http://i.imgur.com/fnw0s2y) [i'm gonna leave it like this...](http://i.imgur.com/fnw0s2y) [i'm gonna leave it like this...](http://i.imgur.com/fnw0s2y)
 had to throw away my toothbrush because i used prep h instead of toothpaste to brush my teeth in the middle of the night, and it made me gag.
 got too drunk, puked in dj's car, ran like hell, passed out on the toilet in a parking structure, woke up in shame.
 i had ibs and shit my pants for the first time in my life in the middle of a busy bar district on a saturday night in a big city.
 i posted a picture of a girl i thought was her sister on facebook, turns out it was her younger sister. i feel like a dumbass.
 don't look at porn on your resume, you'll look like a dickhead in front of a potential employer. also, don't look at porn on your resume, you'll look like a dickhead in front of a potential employer. and don't look at porn on your resume, you'll look like a dickhead in front of a potential employer. and don't look at porn on your resume, you'll look like a dickhead in front of a potential employer. and don't look at porn on your resume, you'
 i tried to do a wire tuck on my psu and now my computer won't turn on and i'm gonna take it apart to see what's wrong.
 got drunk, used ipad to watch porn, went to work, opened ipad to fix colleague's pc, full volume porn emanates from ipad.
 i spilled coffee on my laptop and my boobs pushed the coffee onto the laptop. i cried my eyes out and i'm so mad at myself.
 my gf and i made out in my room and my dad walked in and told her to pack up and leave. she's crying and i'm trying to tell her it's o.k. tifu
 [nothing was dry.](http://i.imgur.com/aapho7p.jpg) [nothing was dry.](http://i.imgur.com/aapho7p.jpg)
 i'm being kicked out of the house for being a bad influence on my brother and sister.. because i smoked weed before a lil wayne concert.
 took my flip flops off while riding a longboard, burned my feet and now i can't surf anymore on the trip i waited a year to come.
 read somewhere on reddit that you could fuck up alot if you did \#define 0 1\ well, i did that in my app's prefix.pch.
 i missed my girlfriend's birthday dinner, and now she's depressed and i feel like an asshole. i'm an asshole.
 i bumped my cup full of koolaid all over the keyboard of my laptop because i wanted to make a vine of me eating a pancake with a spoon.
 read a post on r/4chan about anon fucking up with a girl, she thought it was at her, told me if i didn\u2019t want her to sit next to me i could have said so and walked to the other side of the class. out of no where the girl said, \u201cah i love 4chan\u201d did not know how to react and kept reading only to burst out laughing at the post but she thought it was at her, told me if i didn\u2019t want her to sit next to me i could have said so and walked to the other side of the class.
 my boss is a bitch and i hate her for pushing me that far. wish i kept my cool, but this shit had been going on for too long. job would've 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 don't buy drinks for woman its against policy. don't ask a woman if she's going to kill me. don't ask a woman if she's going to kill me.
 i was drunk and ran away from a police officer who thought i was in serious trouble. i got clothes lined by another police officer and they said i was an idiot.
 i tried to light a cigarette in a campfire and it caught me in the face. i then threw myself into a kiddie pool to try and extinguish the fire.
 dick being severed from pelvis adults gasp in horror ohfuckwhathaveidone.jpg close firefox dick being severed from pelvis adults gasp in horror ohfuckwhathaveidone.jpg close firefox dick being severed from pelvis adults gasp in horror ohfuckwhathaveidone.jpg close firefox dick being severed from pelvis adults gasp in horror ohfuckwhathaveidone.jpg close firefox dick being severed from pelvis adults gasp in horror ohfuckwhathaveidone.jpg close firefox dick being severed from pelvis adults gasp in horror ohfuckwhathaveidone.jpg close firefox
 didn't put the toilet seat down, shit all over the floor and my legs. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an
 i lit my beard on fire, drank mary jane, ate pizza, called the police on myself, and my dinner hand was actually my dinner hand.
 got high, told a girl to be careful walking home alone at night, stuck my tongue out as far as i could and scraped the ash off of it.
 i asked my dad if there was butter on the porn then quickly corrected myself and said corn. it was awkward and i'm not sure he noticed
 got a swiss army knife, sliced my hand open twice, had to go through surgery and extensive rehabilitation to get it back up to where it was before.
 i farted on my girlfriend's head, she didn't finish the blowjob, and it was the most fowl smelling fart of my life.
 i left my laptop in the kitchen while i showered, and a group of kids thought i was masturbating in front of them. i'm an idiot.
 laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. not fun. not a total fuck up, but bad. not laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. not laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. not laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. not laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. not laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5 minute long coughing fit. not laughing at memes while drinking soda made me have a 5
 i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an asshat. i'm an ass
 i bought a reese's crispycrunchy bar thinking it was zero for the boyfriend and a zero for the girlfriend. turns out it was caramel.
 didn't look at papers before giving them away, ended up with random doodles and pics of me and the so, and a letter from a friend.
 i bought a dildo, tried to use it in the shower, and ended up breaking the toilet cover and the dildo itself. fuck carl.
 my dog destroyed my ipod while i was relieving myself, and now i can't get it on public transportation. i'm a dumbass.
 spunkshot of the gods breaks sound bearier and overshoots the target, landing straight down my face, making sure to not only splatter into my eyes, but also grace my stupidly open mouth, and work it's way up into a splatter of messy, sticky hair and beyond. out spurts round two, only this time the initial shock of facialing myself caused me to lose grip of my ever vigilant man meat, which is now allowed to roam freely as my second blast shoots clear over my head and onto the wall behind me, and possibly on my rug, and i have to do something quickly to stop
 i farted in front of a girl i like at the gym, she saw it and now i'm looking for a rock to climb under.**
 it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was brushing my teeth, too.... it was while i was
 i punched my friend's cat because i thought it was my friend's cat. i am a filthy cat puncher. i should be ex-communicated from reddit.
 i hit a glass door full speed and it made a loud noise, my entire class saw, i got a huge lump on my forehead, i was embarrassed.
 i watched a video of a guy beating an animal to death, and now i feel like an asshole because i've always been taught to respect animals and to love them as if they were as if they were child-like people.
 don't order books from amazon unless you want to read six chapters of a book in one sitting. also, don't order books from amazon unless you want to read six chapters of a book in one sitting. and also, don't order books from amazon unless you want to read six chapters of a book in one sitting. and also, don't order books from amazon unless you want to read six chapters of a book in one sitting. and also, don't order books from amazon unless you want to read six chapters of a book in one sitting. and also, don't order books from amazon
 didn't bring my pen and highlighter to a test, had to bs 2 pages worth of multiple choice questions just to have time for to get the materials for an essay i struggled with and probably didn't even do superior on.
 made fun of a guy for looking for a dead wife in front of his entire apartment complex. he was so upset, he asked me to put the stamp on his envelope he was so upset.
 i farted in front of everyone in my class and they didn't laugh at me because i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to take off my rain pants, accidentally pulled my shorts and undies down revealing my bare ass. director of my program was stepping out of his car, with my pasty ass pointed right at him. to anybody but myself, it would appear i was intentionally dropping trousers to moon my boss as he arrived at work.
 i got in a fight with some dude who is way weaker than me and that i hated for a long time. i got so stressed of the approximate 40 friends looking at us so i got really stressed up and he just beat me up without me actually trying to defend myself. i passed the \suicide\ stage but i believe that i am going to be on the verge of tears tomorrow when i get asked about this fight i told everyone about.
 teacher gave out washable tattoos, asked the class to help her find them, i found them and yelled \found them!\ she got really pissed and put me in timeout for the rest of the day.
 pulled an all nighter, fell asleep at 2 am, woke up at 6:30 in the morning, didn't wake up, missed half day of school, will fail all of my classes because of it.
 didn't tuck my cover into the back of my waistband, ended up shitting on my cover in the toilet, then had to wash it off.
 i shit my pants and prayed for not to happen again and it didn't happen and i'm pretty sure i'll never shit my pants again.
 sat by girl in class, got super high, called her, she didnt pick up and i caled multiple times and still no awnser so tomorrow how do i make things not so weird?
 i forgot to clean my crock pot, it got covered in mold, and i had to work in a tuberculosis clinic for nine hours to get rid of it.
 got a speeding ticket, fucked up the amount of work i had been doing, and fucked up the amount of money i was saving for a new phone.
 cut up a brick of cheese, ate it with chips and salsa, now i feel like a snake is going to find it's way to the exit at the worst possible time.
 i accidentally posted on /r/teenagers that i was going to break up with my girlfriend and my reddit account was used to tell my girlfriend about it.
 i tried to stick my bellybutton into a shower knob, my penis touched the door and i slipped in the tub. now my neck and my ass are in pain all because i wanted to stick my bellybutton into a shower knob.
 i sent an email to every thread i have ever been a part of in the last two years because my phone failed to deliver ten emails. i am still waiting on the fall out.
 i fucked up my opportunity to study on three different continents over the next year because i didn't have a doctor's note that said i got all the necessary vaccines.
 tried to throw down a screwdriver with the sharp end in the dirt, ended up getting a black eye and having to live down the shame of telling the story to my family and friends.
 i washed and dried my mcdonalds uniforms with a sock stuck inside my pants, it slid down to be hanging out by my shoe.. i was now a crotch stuffer.)
 had a glass of wine while finishing up my final project for my last class. told the professor how i felt about an on line discussion. may not graduate in may.
 i tried to run out of my house with a red hoodie on and a red clothes hanger on my head and ended up bleeding all over the floor and in my husband's face.
 don't leave your mop and brushes in your car while you're moving. you'll end up with a car full of dirty mops and brushes.
 i forgot to liquefy a pan of fat, it burned and filled the apartment with smoke, now it's useless and i can't cook anymore.
 -jumped over a table, friend hit a kid who walks like walt jr. in brba and -knocks over the food of an autistic kid in a wheelchair, getting potatoes in his wheels.
 i told my friend to put his dick away in a pep rally. turns out his parents check his texts. i'm a dumbass.
 i made pot brownies and ate a big piece in my head and now i'm high and can't make it to my boyfriends birthday party.
 tried to help a customer, he ignored me, i called him a dick, he ignored me, i called him a dick, i am asshole.
 ate cheese grits for breakfast, had a bowel movement and pooped all over my laptop, pillow and textbook. i'm lactose intolerant. i'm an adult.
 don't fuck with the dick, it'll fuck you up. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded. i'm f
 took concerta thinking it would help my hangover, got black out drunk on a school night instead of studying, didn't do well on a test, feel terrible all day
 my friend's three-year-old sister kicked me in the balls while i was watching her in the children's play area at the mall.
 i made a joke about my coworker being attracted to me, he didn't take it well, and now we're sitting right across each other.
 i lost my engagement ring because i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole.
 asked a girl out, she said yes, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema, she didn't want to hurt my feelings, we went to the cinema
 my english teacher hates me, and i told her she was atheist in front of her soulless, black, hatred-filled eyes, and she glared at me for a good 30 seconds.
 i'm an overnight security guard and i have to do building tours throughout the night. went to check the lobby doors to make sure they were locked. came through another set of glass doors. it's never locked. maintenance guy had to call in another guy to rewire the loading dock access to get into the building to let me in. had to sit in that enclosed space for an hour and 45 minutes.
 got super high, had to pee, walked up the stairs and my husband and best friend saw me in my pajama pants. now they won't stop laughing.
 accidentally sent my dad a bottle of anal lubricant and a vibrating cock for his birthday, thinking it was a birthday gift. now i have to face him in person.
 fell down a flight of stairs and knocked myself out, spent the rest of the day with my head in a bucket and my ass on the shitter.
 tried to open a bottle of vine, knife slipped from the cork, stabbed my hand while watching a football match. i'm pretty sure i hit the bone of my poor finger.
 went to the bar, got shitfaced, woke up in the bathtub, ceiling fell down, husband found me, now i'm sick and he's mad.
 i put 2 in a vending machine and a lady didn't take it and now i'm in the middle of a 35c heatwave.
 tried to lose weight, ate a rotten moldy apple and now i'm having shooting pains in my stomach and my belly hurts like a bitch.
 said \careful, we don't want another one\ at someone's funeral, everyone heard, couldn't apologize, everyone hated me.
 touched poo, poo matched brown chocolate, now i have an infection and i'm not sure if i'll be able to work for a while.
 i lost my bike and my cellphone because i'm a dumbass who doesn't pay attention to what's going on around him. also i have no cellphone now because earlier in the day i was trying to put it in my pocket while i was riding my bike and wiped out in the bushes.
 i ate a burger king, my stomach rumbled and i couldn't hold it, so i decided to shit on my friend's moped.
 thought i had exorcised the demon, pooped on a hot, sunny hill, had to wipe it up with my non-dominant hand.
 i asked a dying guy if everything was ok with him... he wasn't ok... he was dying... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting... the stupid things we say when we are supposed to be comforting...
 i fucked up by brushing my teeth with hairbrush and toothpaste in my sleep, and now my teeth are hurt and i'm ashamed of myself.**
 guy shook his snake so hard that he slung his urine over the privacy barrier - and it landed on my hand. i looked over to the guy and exclaimed (loudly), \dude, you don't have to shake your snake so damn hard that it's neck breaks. you just slung piss on me over here.\ there was a dead silence while this guy seemed to think of something to say. he mutters \sorry\ and hastily leaves out of the head - without washing his hands.
 didn't realize i was in nh until i saw a \welcome to maine!\ sign on my way to my grandparents' house in mass.
 tried to shave my leg in the shower, ended up smacking my head into the wall while trying to orgasm. i'm a fucking idiot.
 woke up with morning wetness, laughed so hard and covered my labias with it successfully marking the poor kitchen chair cushion. today is my sister's birthday so this won't be forgotten easily.
 tried to get my wife to make some porn, accidentally sent it to my very attractive female boss and now i have to explain to my wife how it happened.
 wife's best friend wanted to crush my balls, i told her no, she did, and now i'm a one-balled dumbass.
 lock isn't broken but the paperclip is now stuck. two seconds into this maneuver, i realized it was a bad decision, and already too late to fix.
 the master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign the master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign the master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign the master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear ended a minivan at a stop sign the master cylinder went without warning after a week, and my cj-7 almost rear
 fell asleep on the bus, woke up in my pants, slapped a middle aged lady in the face because i was too lazy to ride the bus all the way home.
 don't add disclaimers to your posts. it's unnecessary and annoying. just tell me the story. i don't care when it happened.
 real estate agent walked in on me pooping in the master bathroom of a house i was looking after and i walked out of the house with my dick out.
 i don't think i'll be using it for a while. it's horrible. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate it. i hate
 i'm on new medications that severely dehydrate me, didn't take note of the fact that i hadn't pooped in a couple of days, and ended up having to dig in my own asshole to remove poop pieces-by-bloody-mucus-covered-piece.
 i sneezed while brushing my teeth, clenched my mouth so tight that i thought the sneeze would come out my nose, but i'm also a little stuffed up right now, causing a backfire and unsealing my mouth.**
 i told my teacher to watch requiem for a dream and forgot about the weird ass to ass sex scene. turns out she had watched it with her husband.
 i didn't reply to my friend's text because i didn't want to talk about self harm, she texts me with *\sleep well : i thought we would talk today or something, but never mind.\*
 had sex with ex girlfriend, dick was soft as a pillow, panicked, noped the fuck out, awkward conversation ensued. i'm an idiot.
 i didn't tuck my chin down on my last dive, got a nosebleed and proceeded to bleed all over my towel and the deck at the end of practice.
 opened porn on phone, alarm clock went off, kids think porn sounds like alarm. i'm not sure if i'll ever see them again.
 didn't use the bathroom at work, went down the toilet and a girl saw my hairy ass. i'm an asshole..
 i don't know how to read. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm
 i swore at my roommate's cat, she didn't appreciate it and now i'm not allowed to talk to her anymore. fml.
 girl and i have been friends for 4 years. i've been trying to convince myself that i'm not interested in her. last time i was in town we ended up having sex. i came back from my evening run feeling the worse for wear. she asked me to run with her. i'm not a runner.
 asked a finnish girl if she was okay, she went into a rant about how all english teachers do is rape their children, rape their students, rob their host countries, and neglect to learn the culture or language.
 don't jacking off in the shower when you don't know what you're doing. you'll end up jacking off all over your roommate's stuff.
 told my ta i suck at reading context clues and said i was illiterate, she laughed and told me i had basically told her i couldn't read instead of saying literal.
 yelled like a crazy bitch at someone's car, followed him for a good 5 miles and probably looked like i was trying to take my revenge.
 i shoved my hand between my ass cheeks while taking a shower and now my asshole is on fire and i can't get it out.
 googled trypophobia and now my whole body is itching and i can't stop thinking about it. i just learned i have trypophobia and now my whole body is itching and i can't stop thinking about it. i just learned i have trypophobia and now my whole body is itching and i can't stop thinking about it. i just learned i have trypophobia and now my whole body is itching and i can't stop thinking about it. i just learned i have trypophobia and now my whole body is itching and i can't stop thinking about it.
 i clogged the toilet, flooded the bathroom, and had to clean up a bunch of wet toilet paper on the floor. i'm not babysitting anymore.
 threw bailey's at a muslim friend, he puked, turns out he can't take alcohol, also there was no actual alcohol, just irish cream.
 typed /r/leagueoflegends instead of /r/ reddit.com and my boss now thinks i'm a pedophile and his son plays league.
 i got a piece of rubber stuck in my ear, tried to get it out with my sausage fingers, ended up going to a&e for 2 1/2 hours.
 told a jewish man that \a for auschwitz\ is better than \a for alexander\ and he thinks i'm a racist.
 don't touch your penis with hot peppers or you'll get a chemical reaction that will burn your dick for the rest of your life.
 i chose [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=anlzz3rqxos) for our mass and almost got expelled.
 i masturbated on a bed sheet that my cat had vomited on, and my cat covered up her crime with the sheet. i'm a slob.
 i had sex with my girlfriend, she broke up with me, and insulted me on my prepubescent won-ton. i'm depressed and suicidal.
 i asked a coworker to see my pooping gums. she didn't want to see my pooping gums. then i made a joke about jesus pooping.
 i ate a rotten peach at work and the night manager saw me and now i'm suspended for idk. also i had a stomach ache all night and had diarrhea when i woke up.
 i overslept and shaved my head before a managers meeting and ended up with patches of hair all over my head and with negative time during the meeting.
 i took a pic of my dick, dropbox stores it, my friend now thinks i'm gay and thinks i'm a dickhead.
 i said a girl sounded like an incredibly well-developed girl, and now i\u2019m probably going to have to live with that for the rest of my life.
 i used a bulldog self defense keychain to hold my keys in the toilet and the toilet ate my keys while i was stuck in the toilet trying to wake up from a dream.
 i pooped on the side of the road while driving with my parents and sister. it rained diarrhea all over my belongings and i am sitting 10m down the road from my disgusted family.
 tried to breathe fire while kneeling down, almost burned myself to the ground and got second and first degree burns on my face, but i'm fine now.
 i took my bc pill at midnight and it's going to be a long night and an even longer day at work tomorrow because i forgot my bc pill.
 \do not post... comments.\ \do not include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandrystic in rule #4 at the sidebar. can we include misandry
 i ruined a good looking relationship by drinking too much and puking in front of a bunch of people, and now i don't know what to do with myself.
 i left porn on my new 51\ active 3d tv for 10 minutes and the kids were in the room when i came in to defend them.
 i tripped over a laundry basket and hit my head on the door frame, passed out, and got 9 stitches in my forehead. and, the next day i passed out again.
 i'm going to die tomorrow because i'm too stupid to realize that my friends are sensitive about their weight, and i'm too stupid to realize that i'm going to die tomorrow because i'm too stupid to realize that my friends are sensitive about their weight, and i'm too stupid to realize that my friends are sensitive about their weight, and i'm too stupid to realize that my friends are sensitive about their weight, and i'm too stupid to realize that my friends are sensitive about their weight, and i'm too stupid to realize that my friends are sensitive about their weight, and
 thought i was about to see a gallery of penthouse pets, instead i saw boobs and vaginas. now i have to explain myself to my teammates.
 i slammed a mosquito on a wall and yelled \welcome to america, bitch!\ in front of an international student from china who lives next to me.
 my cat thinks he's a fierce lion when he's outside. i tease him sometimes, pretend to touch his paw or playfully push him over, which he loves - he never gets tired of it; when my so tries to do this with him, he runs away, which signifies to me that he doesn't usually mind when we play. he's never hurt me before. this time, his lion-mode instincts caused him to really attack my arm. he clamped on a few times and kicked me very hard, gashing my palm and puncturing a few spots up my arm.
 took a late-day nap, had an erotic dream, fucked two people, don't know if i'll ever get over it.
 i threw my deck box on my bike, and it locked up the front wheel. i sprained my wrist, and some random dude helped me get it out.
 my friend and his fiance started making me feel like an outsider in or apartment. i started spending more time at my best friend's apartment so i could study. when i went to talk to him he went into super angry douche mode. he lost all interest in trying to be friends. he is now looking for someone to move in and take his place so he can get a place with his fiance.
 i was watching porn on my tablet in the basement of my parents' house while my sister and her husband were fast asleep next to me and my loud ass studio speaker was turned all the way up and were right next to my bed where my sister an her husband were fast asleep.
 i drank a ton of milk the day of a meet and took the wettest shit i have ever taken in the porta-potty at the end of the meet.
 don't be a dumbass like me when you're on a bicycle, or you'll get pulled over by the cops. i'm a dumbass.
 i made an old lady miss her train because i didn't use my card and paid cash the night before. i hope she didn't miss anything important... she probably did though judging by how she really tried to get in on time. i hope she didn't miss anything important... she probably did though judging by how she really tried to get in on time. i hope she didn't miss anything important... she probably did though judging by how she really tried to get in on time. i hope she didn't miss anything important... she probably did though judging by how she really tried to get in on time
 don't fuck with chicken wings, they'll fuck with your pants, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll fuck with your fucking chicken wings, and they'll
 my mom is a guy that lives as a woman, dresses as a woman, and i got a big surprise when she came home from a business trip.
 i ordered pizza, got up to use the bathroom, knocked a vase out of the window, and gave the wrong amount of money to the delivery man.
 i ate something that didn't agree with my stomach, squirted myself in the bathroom, stepped into my poop, and puked all over the floor.
 i tried to get rid of a skin tag on my gooch by tying dental floss around it. my boyfriend saw it and ended up having great sex with me.
 forgot to return a dvd for a month, now i have to pay $30 for a dvd i only watched half of, and i forgot to grab my bag with my soda, deodorant, and snacks totaling about $30 in it.
 tried to explain a concept to my class in a demonstrating manner, left them feeling confused and angry. how can i make things right with them? how can i restore their confidence in me? how can i make things right with them? how can i restore their confidence in me? how can i make things right with them? how can i make things right with them? how can i restore their confidence in me? how can i make things right with them? how can i make things right with them? how can i restore their confidence in me? how can i make things right with them? how can i make things right with
 baby's digestive system can't break down raisins so they rehydrate with liquid shit. i changed my baby's diaper this morning and found poop raisins everywhere.
 tried to make a sandwich, ended up with a sandwich bag under the toaster oven door and melted plastic on the inside of the door. i'm an idiot.
 i forgot how to use fractions and ended up with twice the amount of butter in a half batch of rice krispy treats as if i were trying to compensate for putting too little butter in my previous dish.
 'al jazeera' is the name of a television network and i'm currently stationed in al jazeera, the capital of jazeera.
 roommate and i joked about a \slave house\ in front of another house that had a fence around it. i heard someone say that they live in the slave house.
 master keys to a facility where my employer is doing some remediation design. showed up for a field visit this morning with my boss and a senior engineer, no keys. last time i used them was 12/21, not a clue what i did with them after. i spent the day scouring my apartment, office, and car; no joy. client is extremely security conscious 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 sniffed my boss's smelly shoes, drove home with a full bladder and a sour taste in my mouth. i'm not looking forward to tomorrow.
 i drank 10 double shots of honey jack daniels, puked all over my friend\u2019s living room, and whipped off the blanket like a bullwhip.
 i got scammed out of $200 by a rich looking italian guy. i'm not sure how much i fucked up, but i did fuck up.
 gave one of my best guy friends the impression that a girl he's into has mutual feelings about him...when i don't actually know if this is true.
 went through a red light, ambulance came, crashed into a snowbank. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 i tried to light my furnace pilot with compressed air and ended up with first degree burns on my face and hair loss on my arm and eyelashes. also, the pilot is still out.
 i cleaned my tv screen with a glass cleaner on my glasses and it looked like i had not touched it, but it was actually my glasses that needed cleaning.
 i pussied up to get my ex-best friend to drive me to a bar, he blows a .16 and is still with the backstabbing whore.
 i'm on day 45 of the nofap and i'm sleeping on my mom's bed because i'm a dumbass.
 she was driving her friend's car. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was not pleased. and she was
 i made a cheesy casserole the day before thanksgiving and everyone who ate it ended up in the doctors office with explosive asses. i'm now banned from thanksgiving pot luck.
 my bowels have never been so forceful in my life. my bowels have never been so forceful in my life. my bowels have never been so forceful in my life.
 tried to kill a black widow with bug spray, ended up making a homeless girl backpedal faster than i have ever seen anyone backpedal in her life.
 tried to give my pomeranian a mohawk, ended up with mange on the other side of his head. i'm not sure what to do.
 i laughed at a guy walking his bike because his back tire had popped. i was forced to walk my bike a mile and a half home. it began to rain.
 got a call back from a potential employer. googled the number and found a fetish hook-up site. scared to call back in case it's a backroom couch scenario.
 i told my girlfriend what happened in religion and now everybody thinks i'm a pedophile and i'm an asshole. i'm an idiot.
 ate high fructose corn syrup, projectile vomited all over the inside of my mom's car, she and my sister will be cleaning it up for the rest of the night.
 didn't turn on the light in the shower, used irish spring instead of soap, spent five minutes in the shower with my dick-and-balls-as-if-they-will-fall-off.
 i'm a fucking retard and i'm building a spud gun, and i'm electrocuting myself because i'm a fucking retard.
 got superglue stuck between my front teeth and tongue, licked it to get it unstuck and now have a filthy taste in my mouth and picking off superglue which is stuck between my front teeth and tongue.
 clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen & i am scarred for life as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen and i am scarred for life as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen and i am scarred for life as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen and i am scarred for life as title says clicked random and ended up on /r/spacedicks what was seen cannot be unseen
 i tried to open a bottle of wine with a knitting-needle, but the wine was filled with particles of cork and i didn't even get the fruits of my labor.
 friends have uploaded passport information to facebook, i'm about to visit down vote hell because its not my fuck up. i think they really fucked up,but no doubt i'm about to visit down vote hell because its not my fuck up.
 my friends and i put soap and string on some kids' cars and now i'm in deep shit. i'm going to have to go to school tomorrow and confess.
 told my roommate that he wasn't the best worker at work, and now i feel like a complete asshole and will be apologizing to him as soon as i see him.
 called sony vaio tech support instead of sony customer service. hindu guy puts viruses and trojans on my computer. sony vaio tech support is the real sony.
 i'm not a smart person. i ate my last quarter of crybabies all at once. the candy burst with extreme sour with every bite. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it's grand finally. the candy made it'
 choked on old butter churner, orgasm was hands down the worst orgasm i've ever had, and i probably won't sleep for days.
 tried to pet a squirrel at work, got marked nsfw due to language. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=slvkcstrwua
 my roommate walked in on me naked while i was playing a video game and now i'm lying in my room feeling the most horrible i can possibly feel posting to reddit.
 i walked face first into a stream line of a high powered fan and got pepper sprayed in the face. theyre swollen but it's better than it was. it's in my nose and my throat too and they feel like theyre on fire.
 tried to pick an insect off with my tweezers, ended up pulling off the insect's dick, still attached to it's female and no longer attached to it's body.
 don't cook the skin off of your fingers, you'll get blisters and a hole in your finger. [http://i.imgur.com/kpmehfa.jpg](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1fmvch/tifu_by_cooking_the_skin_off_of_my_fingers/)
 i spilled ice coffee all over a 12 year old and his dad at 7elven and had to stand behind them in line while he shot me a look that made me feel an inch tall.
 i tried to jump off a ladder into the attic and fell onto the hood of my parents car and broke my arm and knee. my mom heard the whole thing.
 got pulled over, went rock climbing, midget threatened a naked woman with a knife, skipped the beach and drove to my buddy's house instead.
 ordered business cards, they're the wrong dimensions, opened the box at 8am and realised that there's an error in my website's url and now i have 100 useless business cards that cost a lot of money.
 i peed on my friend's shorts in the middle of the night when i was scared of the dark and covered it up with axe bodyspray.
 i used dish washing liquid instead of dish soap and ended up with 3 inches of bubbles all over the floor, and it's going to be hard to clean them up.
 i watched lesbian porn and now my mom thinks i'm a rapist and wants to go to therapy. i don't know what to do.
 went on a walk, didn't go to the bathroom, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had to piss, had
 got drunk, pissed off my sister, tripped and fell down a flight of stairs, couldn't get back up and had to call in to work.
 i accidentally rammed my meat flute into my girlfriend's rectum while plowing her. she forgave me, the poor soul, and her rectum has made it through, completely free from pain.
 pulled behind an empty frys market place and got indecent exposure charges and my possibly become sex offenders. i don't know if i'll ever be able to take my girlfriend home.
 tried to make my job a little easier, ended up costing me my job, and made a student lose his work. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i washed my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass. i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumbass for washing my grandfather's car with a scourer and now i feel like a dumb
 fell asleep on the shoulder of a girl i've had a crush on for a long time and dribbled on her shoulder. now i'm not going to ask her out.
 didn't double check the lock on my door after taking a shower, and opened it to the outside, revealing a naked me with a bong around my mouth to my dad and the johnson family.
 went for a walk in the woods, got poison ivy on my balls, penis, butt, hip, lips, and now i cant sleep.
 i told my ex's brother his friend would make it and she did. she died 11 hours later. i'm not a good guitar player.
 pan was too shallow, grease spilled over, house filled with smoke, cooking skills! yay, cooking skills! i'm not sure what to do.
 i frisbeed a glow in the dark condom across the room and ruined my chance to become a man. i don't think i'll be seeing my gf again.
 don't search for porn on your browser, it'll look like you're looking for porn on your phone. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
 went to an after party, ended up crashing the fuck out, parents thought i was dead, girl i love made-out with her ex-boyfriend, school work has started to suffer.
 tried to get a better grade by going to my feminist teacher\u2019s office hours to change an assignment, ended up spilling condoms all over her office and probably going to need to take the final in her class now.
 i told two people that were my friends that i had a conversation with the ceo about my old department and now i'm afraid i'm going to get fired.
 i took nude photos of my back, forgot to delete them, and my male friend saw them. now i feel like i'm in the doghouse.
 i muttered \oh fuck you\ when an infant puked on me on a plane. the woman moved me to a middle seat between two big fat people.
 tried to get a burger at zips, broke my window, and didn't even get a burger for my brother. i'm an idiot.
 i used a needle for the first time and stabbed myself a bunch of times. now i think i'm really fucked and i'm going to die.
 i forgot to put my hand in my pants before i went to the bathroom and now i'm thinking about how stupid i am and how i fucked up.
 i asked the girl i'm interested in what was wrong, she didn't tell me what was wrong, and i didn't respond with \no.\
 i decided to piss while riding my bike in a rainstorm, and i shit all over myself and my bike. then i decided to sacrifice my shirt to wipe it down.
 ate buffalo wings, shit in the bathroom, had to clean shit off the inside of the toilet as the water could only take down 1/3 of it.
 i stubbed out a cigarette on my bare knee instead of grinding it out on the curb like i meant to, and got a burn scar on my leg.
 got drunk and had a threesome with my best friend and a girl i've been talking to for months. she's sober and has a boyfriend.
 i let my leg down too fast during a stretch and ended up hurting my testicle and throwing up three times. i'm a dumbass.
 hit it on my brake light not much damage i get out of my car and fucking wasps are all over my got stung like 7 times. not a good experience.
 i tried to impress a four year old by doing a front flip on a diving board, but instead i launched the diving board into the pool and broke it.
 co-worker knocked a spray bottle off a trolley into the middle-rack of a 400c/752f oven, it rolled into the oven and set it on fire.
 tried to plan a flight for friends, forgot to put down their last name and now have to pay \u00a3140 to change both of their names on the tickets.
 gmail has been autopopulating the field when i email the work in and **both show up as [slyvian...edu]** god damn it.
 i threw a torn handkerchief on the trashcan, my brother found it, my mom took it and i screamed if it is in the trashcan, it is trash!
 i signed off with \retards\ instead of \regards\ in an email to 77 people at my new job. i have to wear name tags at a networking event next week.
 got hammered, bumped uglies with a large woman, blacked out, friend snapped a pic of me on the couch, sold it to all my friends for 5 bucks.
 tifu by using my personalskype account at work, got a warning and now my co-workers think i'm a neo-nazi.
 i accidentally shot my brother in the eye with a flare gun disguised as a pen while he was staying with my family in a condo in whistler, canada.
 i accidentally sent a text to my dad saying i wanted to fuck him and he probably thinks i'm an asshole. i don't know what to do.
 i emailed my professor asking for his mercy for me being late to turn in an exam, only to find out that it wasn't due until thursday.
 i took off my pants and sang sexxx dreams in front of my parents and two police officers and they thought i was masturbating in the living room.
 i posted a fake link to dog porn on my newsfeed, my friends and family saw it, and i had to explain to them that it wasn't me.
 ate too much fibre, farted the most vile farts i have ever heard, now my roommates think i'm a pedophile.
 went to my friend's house, her brother threw a house party, the whole house got trashed, her parents got home early from vacation, she's grounded for a month, and her brother has to pay for all of the damages done to the house.
 i asked a girl out and she turned me down because she liked another guy and now i'm in a shitty situation and feel like it's my fault.
 i mistook a girl for a trashcan and threw my gum at her. she got pissed and i felt like an asshole for the rest of the day.
 tried to kiss a girl i had a crush on, she freaks out, runs out, i don't know if i'll ever see her again.
 my friend went to his gf's house to have sex for the first time, ended up with a broken dick, and a bloodcurdling scream.
 i wrote \i miss my mommy\ on a stick it note for a girl at work whose mother had died just 4 months before she came to work.
 i turned down a very attractive girl's offer of a half-price qdoba meal because i already ate it. not a huge fuck-up, but my gut tells me that the kiss could have led to more, her being newly single (btw, she mentioned this just before the whole qdoba fiasco), and lonely on valentine's day, and me being not totally unattractive (and even dressed-up in a full suit for a completely unrelated reason).
 tifu by showing a friend of mine a gif of a soccer player being kicked in the balls, while she was grieving the death of a friend of hers.
 got up bright 'n' early, saw my roommate's honker, can't look him in the eye because he's out of town.
 offered to hook up my laptop to the communal shower, vice principal thought it was a porno and almost fired me and suspended me for the rest of the school year.
 blew into a straw at mcdonalds, hit my friend, got thrown out, challenger paid me 50$ to clean my own yard, insulted me in front of my family and friends.
 tifu by being an inconsiderate asshole and giving my best friend a \tickle torture\(http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1fmp1y/tifu_by_being_an_inconsiderate_asshole/)
 tried to wax my husband's armpit hair, ripped off the wax strip, and now he's bleeding from his armpit hair. i'm a fucking idiot.
 saran wrapped my friend's chair at work, got caught by the hardass manager of the three in that office, and it has already been escalated to hr.
 i got a lift home from my ex, sat in her car and found out she and her friend had been having sex in her car the night before.
 hammock flipped like a whirling dervish ninja and landed on head and ass bone on cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock. landed on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock. landed on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock. landed on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock. landed on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock. landed on head and ass bone on combo cement driveway and metal pole things holding up hammock.
 don't wear tight jeans if you're going to take the stairs 3 at a time, or you might squish your balls mid-stride.
 don't wear underwear with bengay on them, or you'll end up squeegeeing it on to your penis and testicles. also, don't wear underwear with bengay on them, or you'll end up squeegeeing it on to your penis and testicles.
 facepalm. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you
 left my ring on too long, now i have a big swollen blister on my ring finger. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck
 i told my boyfriend to finish in my mouth because i still had a shirt on, he proceeded to fuck me while bloody and then suck his dick after.
 crashed my bike into a gully, lost my license for a while after a good samaritan called the police instead of helping lift the bike from the gully.
 i fell off my bike and hit the bumper of a parked car with my front wheel and then my chin. i'm glad i sport a beard.
 ate seafood, didn't know how bad the smell would be, tried to relieve gas in butthole, ended up with liquid squidgies.
 tried to get a bag out of a dumpster, slipped and fell in, got a nice bruise on my thigh and am about to take the longest shower of my life.
 lady comes in at rush hour, 3 screaming babies, 6 different wic vouchers. she gets some of the wrong items, has to go back and get the correct ones, a line of impatient people has formed.
 i was told to wash a rug that had a rubber backing on it and was told it could be washed directly in the washing machine. i washed it on sanitize and it plugged the drain and flooded my laundry room.
 took a walk around lake louise, alberta with my boyfriend. the walk back to the hotel was too long and i pooped in the trees.
 i was shooting cans from my front porch, and accidentally tore my right pinky toe open, and now i can't shoot cans.
 now my entire car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is totalled :/ great start to summer my car is
 didn't write down the number on my voice mail, got a voicemail from a company i applied for that said they wanted to schedule a face-to-face interview.
 i told my mother that she and her friend needed to be sodomized by a horse dildo, while i was reading the newspaper in the living room.
 i threw my underwear on the couch, the doorbell rang, and i answered the door with my underwear in my bag. today, i went to get food at kroger and the bagger pulled my underwear out of my bag.
 forgot to turn off voice memos in class, went to the bathroom, burned a guy a cd with the audio of me peeing, now i'm in trouble.
 i didn't stop and talk to a very attractive lady i met at work and now i'm probably going to have to wait another 7 months to see her again.
 i asked two girls i used to sleep with to hang out with me. my girlfriend doesn't know that i've slept with both of them and had on and off relationships with them over the past 7 years.
 my family used to watch the princess bride quite often when i was young and it reminds me of a simpler time. http://imgur.com/a/ichym my family used to watch the princess bride quite often when i was young and it reminds me of a simpler time.
 i fell off a skateboard, broke my arm for the second time in three months, and had to have surgery to get it fixed. i'm a fucking idiot.
 tried to rub my eye with the back of my hand, ended up rubbing it with the end of the onions as well. it burned for a bit.
 tifu by getting my mom high without her knowing, and now i feel like i let her down. i don't know how to fix it.
 drank starbucks coffee, pissed the bed, had to sit in pissy pants for half an hour before i could go back to my dorm and shower.
 i accidentally told my boss i'd done ecstasy in the past. should i say it was a joke or should i say it was just a joke?
 i fucked up by unscrewing the door handle on my bath room door and having to slam shut the door behind me to get to the toilet - resulting in me having to smash my way out and fucking up my doorframe.
 i shouted \fuck the police\ in front of my spanish teacher and almost got banned from a deli, but i bent down and apologized in front of my teacher.
 Unknown error},
 i met a girl for the first time in a long time and she probably thinks i'm a creep. i'm going to try talking to her this thursday.
 i masturbated with a bobblehead nightmare before christmas pen in my cunt and it clamped down on my g-spot and now it hurts like shit.
 don't chop hot trinidads with scissors, you'll end up with a burning nose, a burning throat, and a burning tongue.
 kid tries to wrestle me, i choke him, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get my hair pulled out, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids, get yelled at by a bunch of college kids,
 i took a shit so big it ruined the bathroom. the neighbor lent me his hydrolic plunger and with three strikes the beast was done, but not without bleeding more into the room. the neighbor lent me his hydrolic plunger and with three strikes the beast was done, but not without bleeding more into the room. the washing machine already had hot soapy water half filled, as i threw the shit covered towels into the machine i started to push them down to make more room. the water began to make a piping hot shit stew than stung any skin it made contact with, eventually my gloves filled with the shit stew, so i took
 i left my car in the sun for 5 days with diapers and kitty litter in my trunk, and the smell is so powerful that it blocked out the diaper smell.
 went to /r/spacedicks, forgot to shut down the browser, showed a picture of a man's dick pierced by needles in front of 50 people.
 thought i had to fart. didn't. now going commando for the rest of my shift full of shame andembarrassment :/
 got high, drank a lot of water, thought it was the perfect time to pee, took off my shirt to check out my biceps, ended up pissing all over myself.
 didn't believe nebraska would win the big 10 title, sharted on game day in indianapolis, got shmammered.
 i didn't know he was a she. he was a she. i didn't notice until she spoke and said she got it all the time. i'm sure that didn't make her feel any better.
 i poured nesquik into my cup and destroyed a quarter of the chocolate milk container. my mom found it with big clumps of nesquik stuck together...
 i fucked up by sending my boss a link to a guy's linkedin profile and a smiley in the mail. i'm a dumbass.
 i put my watch in the pizza oven thinking it would dry it off quickly, ended up with second degree burns on my wrist and had to have my watch surgically removed.
 ate at dennys and shit all over the bathroom floor and everyone paid the check. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this. i hate people who leave bathrooms like this
 went to the auto parts store to get my hood fixed, forgot to fully close the latch on the hood, hood fell off and ran into a deer.
 i fapped a lot and my dad washed my floor with my fap stains. i'm a virgin and want to get married, but i can't.
 i ate a bowl of cereal and a bowl of milk with a runny nose, coughed a lot, and threw up all over myself in the hallway.
 ate a lot of beans, farted in my boyfriend's mouth, he handled it like a champ, but i'm still mortified. also, girls do fart, even at the most inopportune time.
 icloud fucked and i lost everything that was on my first icloud account including all the information, the script to our short movie and all the other related documents to my last semester and most important to be able to get to university.
 i got stung by a bee, didn't take my epipen out until after 4 bee stings, almost killed myself because i was allergic to bees.
 i fucked up by adjusting my wife's clock and now she's on her way to work at 450 instead of 550. i'm fucking tired.
 i lost my grip on the couch and killed my sister kitten. she's still alive, but she's not as cute as she was a week ago.
 didn't fap all week, went to so's house, she gave me a hand job to finish me off, i cum all over my face.
 i missed my flight because i didn't listen to the intercom, now i'm stuck in denver airport for another day and i can't sleep.
 called a girl a lizard girl in third grade, the whole class called her lizard girl, she left school, tried to cut her arms with safety scissors in a desperate attempt to be sent home.
 ate a lot of crawfish, didn't wash my hands well, dick got stuck in a bottle of tabasco sauce and cajun spices.
 boiled a pot of water, put in noodles. emptied the pot into the colander and slowly realized that the colander was on the counter, not the sink. boiling water got on the counter, onto the floor, 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 got drunk at a house party, met a girl, she brought me to her place, i fell asleep on top of her and woke up in a panic.
 filled up my bosses gascan with weedeater fuel. bossman saw the smoke and came to investigate. i got yelled at. no harm done to the equipment.
 i'm an asshole because i didn't do anything when my dinner was on fire and now my family is pissed at me because i didn't do anything.
 went to a party, passed out, jerked off on an unconscious guy, found the tool i was looking for, went to bed, mortified the next morning.
 drank too much water, peed in a mcdonalds bathroom, got caught by a mcdonalds worker cleaning the floors, walked out in shame.
 i tried to be adam sandler in the batting cages, almost lost my testicles, and now i\u2019m a jackass with a penis.
 tifu by feeding a mouse to a little boy and his sister and his mom was in the splash zone and got all the blood and guts on her dress.
 didn't sign up for health insurance, phone is in rice, water dripped out of the sides when i dragged it out of the bottom of the washer machine.
 spilled hot chocolate on my laptop, it short-circuited, i'm probably going to have to pay for a new one and lose up to 5 years of stuff.
 i told my wife i felt like death in front of the nurses at my dying great grandfather's hospital room, and they think i'm an asshole.
 i vacuumed my \sniffle\ tissues and the vacuum stopped working and my mum threw them in the garbage. i'm a dumbass.
 sedated for wisdom tooth removal, fell asleep on the couch for 2.5 days, went back to work, had a poo for the first time in 3 weeks.
 i pissed on an empty glass at a bar and my friend might have drank it. i'm not sure if he would man up to the truth, but im prettty sure if not him, someone at that bar drank my piss.
 looked at my ex's facebook page to see a message about her bf buying her dinner and how he is the \best bf ever\ and 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i went on my first date with a girl i've never met before and ended up going to a party with a bunch of guys that i know.
 i got caught reading \the anarchist's cookbook\ in class, dean of students let me off due to my interest being purely academic, and now i'm in trouble.
 wrote a district-wide email about a group of guys who bought $400 worth of amex gift cards and then came back the next day and used stolen credit cards.
 my great grandma thought i was talking about my other girlfriend when i said \who the fuck is rachel\ and now i'm single.**
 tried to pull a slide across the kitchen floor, stubbed my toe on the underside of the dishwasher, bent forward in exclamation directly into the cabinet door i'm opening with gusto and knocked the bridge of my nose in a violent manner and collapse upon impact.
 told a blind guy we all walk around with blinders on and tried to fix it by following up with, \you know! tunnel vision.\ oops.
 i showed my dad a photo of my erect penis, which i had forgotten to delete from my camera roll, while trying to help my dad choose a watch.
 i broke up with a girl and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i've managed to get over her and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i've managed to get over her and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i've managed to get over her and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i've managed to get over her and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i've managed to get over her and now she wants to talk a month after our break up. i'
 i drank grease from a sonic cup and spit it out in the kitchen sink. i'm not a fan of sonic cups. i'm also not a fan of styrofoam cups.
 fapped to bondage porn, got an eyelash stuck in my eye, woke up with my eyelids half-glued, may have to go to the doctor.
 threw a glass of water at a flaming ravioli in a toaster oven, glass door exploded sending glass everywhere leaving scorch marks on hardwood floors and ruining my parents toaster.
 don't watch the lyric video to mind your manners by pearl jam, it will play before every youtube video i watch, and their ad shows up everywhere.
 tried to zip up my trousers in front of the adjutant of the army, ended up with my dick hanging out and a photo of it on the desk.
 my parents left me home alone for a week while they where in las vegas, i tried to do what any teenager would try to do, have a huge party. people from different schools all over town where coming, now reddit, heres the big twist, im not really a party kid. so having some of the most popular people around begging to get 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 locked myself out of my home, smashed the glass in the door, kicked it, broke it, bent it, crawled in via the bent bottom piece.
 used weights to feed pets, pole flipped over, sent tip into plaster wall, now i have a hole in the floor with the pole and a plaster wall.
 i forgot to lock my door, my sister knocked on my door one night and asked if i was ok with me watching porn, my mum found out.
 i went clubbing and had a threeway with two guys. my boyfriend is suspicious and i don't know what to do. i hate myself and i want to die.
 flipped a car in front of my high school teacher, she thought i was an asshole and called me an asshole for the rest of my life.
 i hung out with a depressed girl, she jokingly called me whore, and i put my hands on her boobs because i thought it was funny.
 thought hand wipes were the same as baby wipes, ended up with a molotov cocktail in my asshole. don't use hand wipes at work.
 got lost on a dirt road, got stuck in a puddle, and my dad's car got smashed and stolen. i'm a dumbass.
 i drank coffee with a dead cockroach attached to it and spat it all over my desk, computer and the wall behind it. all in the name of coffee.
 got drunk in italy, puked all over myself, got wrapped up in a sarong and paid a random stranger to show me back up the stairs.
 my neighbour walked in on me with my dick hanging out of my button flies and now she thinks i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole.
 my boyfriend and i spilled lager on his mother's armchair, she thought it was a golden shower and ended up with her knickers soaked in the lager.
 went through a round of physical therapy for my left knee. had a sore leg. applied analgesic to my sore area. got in my car to pick up my wife and my ball sack came into contact with my thigh, causing a cooling sensation on my family jewels.
 i accidentally shipped my mom a box of sex toys instead of mosquito repellent, and now she thinks i'm an asshole for sending them to her.
 i was jamming to shpongle and rear ended an older woman at a stop light. she wasn't happy and i'm going to be paying more for insurance.
 i've been peeing in the sink in the middle of the night in my parents' unfinished basement for six weeks, and now it smells like death.
 brought a signed copy of damned by chuck pahalniuk to work, coworker spilled black finger nail polish all over it, and now i can't show it off.
 i yelled at my brothers while i was facetiming with a girl and now she won't talk to me for a week because i didn't call her back.
 i forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff and forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff and forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff and forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff and forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff and forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff and forgot how to calculate a tom and stapled it to my grandpa's stuff
 didn't brush my teeth for years, went to the dentist to get a few fillings, ended up having to go to the dentist five more times.
 borrowed a friend's id to go to vegas, got dehydrated and ended up in hospital for intoxication/dehydration, friend got a bill for $800. i called the hospital and pretended to be my friend and basically said \i have no idea what you're talking about, i was never in vegas\. they told me to file a police report saying somebody was stealing my friend's identity and fax it to them. i really want to avoid dragging my friend into this because she is completely innocent and i am just causing such a hassle for her.
 dropped my 3ds in the toilet and now it won't turn on and won't be able to play pokemon x and y or smash bros 3ds.
 i picked up my cat's butt and she squirted shit/piss on my mouth/face and i still think i can smell/taste it.
 i was carrying props for a film project in my carry-on bag, and an airport attendant thought i was trying to bring a gun on a plane.
 thought a man was homeless, put change in his coffee cup, turns out he was waiting for someone to come and give him a hot coffee, awkwardness ensued.
 i said my music teacher's husband has ed in front of her, and my friend got a splinter from the drum stick he used to piss off her.
 forgot about water change schedules, cooked 14 gallons of fish stew for two weeks, puked on my pet bird and his cage on the way to the bathroom.
 my boyfriend told me he loved me, i freaked out and back pedaled and now i'm waiting for him to come home or i'm going to have to tow his truck.
 i told a depressed chef to fuck his brains out and grab the salty sardines out of his dickhole. i feel like an asshole.
 tried to wet my whistle at a halloween party, ended up punching myself in the back of the hand. everyone is drinking \me tea\ right now.
 my black friend showed me a video of black women twerking and i said baboons do it all the time. i feel like an idiot.
 accidentally hit the power switch for my pc with my foot, lost about 600gb of data, still haven't gotten anything good off of one of the drives.
 i shit my pants while farting and thought it was warm and burning since i ate an entire habanero pepper today, but it was actually cold and wet.
 ate mcdonalds, shit myself in the woods, had to tell a family of hikers which direction the lake was in, all the while covered in my own shit.
 i got really drunk and pissed all over my friend's flatmate's bedsidetable and the floor and his girlfriend's iphones in rice.
 i've been walking around with a huge camel toe for the past week because i've been wearing super-skinny jeans and i'm a dumbass.
 threw my phone at the wall, picked it up thinking i'd have to pay $200 for a replacement, phone slipped out in the cold and broke a glass face.
 i'm an asshole who played everyone so that he didn't have to do any work, and now i look like an asshole.
 tried to trim my balls with wahl scissors, ended up pinching my scrotum in the metal jaws of the scissors. not much blood, but it hurt.
 i took my phone with me to the bathroom and it slipped out of my fingers and went directly for my pee. now i'm sitting here with a wet disassembled phone.
 i called my girlfriend by my ex's name, she broke up with me, but we're still together and she's still by my side.
 i tried to pee in the sink with an erect pee boner, and ended up pissing on myself and all over the sink. don't try to pee in the sink guys.
 i accidentally called out a coworker's name during sex and now i don't know if we'll ever see or hear from each other again.
 i scratched my ear lobe, went to sleep, woke up in the morning with blood all over my face and my taper. i'm an idiot.
 i posted on facebook that my brother had proposed to his girlfriend and that they were going to be married by the end of the year and my brother threatened to break my nose if i didnt delete the post.
 i spilled acetone all over my face, mouth, and turd cutter, and had to drink a lot of milk to get it out of my mouth and throat.
 i've been eating a lot of food in the last 36 hours, and i've been trying to shit for the last hour, to no avail.
 i masturbated with olive oil in the shower and my roommate slipped and broke his nose and cheek bone on the oily surface of the shower floor. i've been afraid to masturbate for a few days.
 took a massive shit on my way to work and my friend thought it was on the back of my shirt. now i'm a delux member.
 i pissed in a bottle of green tea , took a swig from it , realized my tea was salty and warm , i'm no bear grylls
 i sent a message to a girl i liked that said \i really like you\, but my phone misregisters where my finger is and thinks i sent \send\.
 didn't trust a fart, blew up my butthole. i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to trust a fart again.
 i gave my parents emergency money, my dog tore up my parents bed, and i had to sleep in my parents room with my brother in case something happened.
 i touched myself at work, a group of high school boys saw me, i'm an asshole and will never touch myself at work again.
 i gave in to a barfly who wanted to do something with my hair, ended up with bleach on my head and giant chunks of white blonde at the front.
 i spilled a cup of water on my laptop in front of my entire class, and now i'm waiting to see if i'm going to be kicked out of college.
 i broke into a head shop and left my gas tank in the back of the store, causing it to leak and make the whole strip smell like gas.
 my boss thought i was pissing in the men's room during a teleconference, but i was standing by my aquariums with the phone on top of them.
 i fucked up by saying \why can't we bring (the third friend)\ and ended up in a huge argument with 2 friends and one friend flipping off the other.
 thought i was on reddit and said i would mount a tame lion. woke up with a bottle of lotion and pictures of cats and dogs next to my bed.
 bled from my glans, don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't think it's anything huge but.. i don't
 today i fucked up by going home sick and using my last point, resulting in me getting fired from my temp agency. i'm pretty sure i fucked up.
 i looked at porn for the first time in a long time and my wife saw a saved pic before i could tell her i was looking at porn.
 ** my girlfriend is an ex-anorexic, insomniac, full-time student writer. i read a r/nosleep post and forgot about some of the not-so-minor details.
 got dizzy, tried to slip off my panties and ended up with a muscle cramp in my undies. my husband is watching the stumbilina olympics.
 cute girl told me it would be badass if i stood in the fire, i'd had a few beers and was feeling invincible an lo' and behold, i am.
 i posted a picture of a building i had made on fb and my reddit account and my mates probably saw it. i don't care too much.
 fell asleep with the fan on full blast, woke up shivering in the morning, took a hot shower and still can't get over the feeling that i'm cold.
 sneezed with mouthwash in mouth, it blew out my nose, burst a blood vessel in my eye, and now i'm on the train to work.
 i drank coke granular, pissed all over myself, and had to call a taxi to get to a job interview i was supposed to attend at 10am.
 i shaved my boyfriend's head bald because i didn't realize he had taken the guide comb off and didn't blend in the bald spot.
 don't drink dieter's green tea if you don't read the labels, or you'll end up shitting all over yourself.
 left a user manual in the professor's inbox and might end up costing me $5,000.00 in scholarships and gpa stands. i want to die and i need a stiff drink.
 i flung a door open while holding a cup of tea, my big toa was in the way and i wacked my toenail as hard as i could.
 i told my boss to hold one moment while i transfer him to my boyfriend. i'm a woman and he's a man. he's not my boyfriend! he's not my boss! he's not my boyfriend!\ the client laughed and told me about a time she called her boss \mom\ by mistake. i then hear my boss, across the hall, laughing to himself and i get a ping that says, \i heard that!\ wouldn't be so awkward if my boss wasn't literally a male fitness model.
 got drunk on the job, blew a .056 bac, got fired, cost the company a few thousand dollars and charged 282.20 in drinks to the corporate credit card which kind of sealed my being shit canned.
 bought a fleshlight for my 18th birthday, used it, forgot about it for two weeks, found mold two weeks later, now have to ditch it.
 i deleted a facebook post and closed it with \see you niggas in hell\ and then sent follow up messages to a bunch of people and now it looks like some psychopathic narcissistic breakdown.
 i broke up with my ex because i couldn't handle the stress. i slept with him a few months later and now i feel like an asshole.
 i made a sorority girl cry by explaining to her that susan g. komen is a \dishonest organization\ and that she shouldn't work with them.
 i broke up with my ex because i wanted her to hurt, and i told her about my drunken romp with a floozy. i also told her that she pulled a pregnancy scare on me just to fuck with me.
 i tried to make a psa video for an elementary school, lost all the footage, paid $250 for a data recovery service i couldn't use, and now i'm down $260
 i said a little shit about my wife's friend's 2 year old kid and now i look like i'm the bad guy in the family.
 my wife and i have been trying to get an open relationship started, and she's been wanting to sleep with another friend of mine. i've been helping her ease into it with him, and letting him know i was ok with it. i accidentally mentioned that i wasn't comfortable talking about it in my current state of mind (sober) and he blew up on me. he said he'd known something was wrong the whole time, 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i pooped at work and can't leave because i've got another 2 hours of work to do. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i set my window on fire while trying to make pasta, and then set the window frame on fire as well. no structural damage, just cosmetic. i'm still hungry.
 i thought all famous germans were austrian, but hitler is austrian and i'm an austrian.**
 my neighbor almost died at my party by drinking way too much, i dragged him back to his room and put him on the toilet while he fell asleep, called the ambulance and he almost died.
 thought i was on the right side of the road, ran a red light, and got a ticket for $262 for carelessness and being on the wrong side of the road.
 i skipped the morning shits and shit myself in front of the csm manager during a job interview. the manager then made an announcment that all assistant mangers report to the main office.
 it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long,
 ran out like a nigga hittin n runnin. ran out like a nigga hittin n runnin. ran out like a nigga hittin n runnin.
 trimmed my pubic hair, cut a piece of my labia minora, didn't realize shampoo would sting, got stung by shampoo, won't be getting laid.
 tried to show my family how boiling water changes to snow/vapour, ended up with first degree burns to the face and a hurt sense of pride.
 tried to have my cat sit on my lap while i ate granola, bowl fell on his back, granola got everywhere, cleaned up with paper towels.
 called my drum major an orc on facebook because of a guy calling her names like bitch and such and now i'm a fucking idiot.
 i'm an idiot, and i'm going to miss out on my final term of college because i deleted all of my files on my desktop.
 don't fuck with subreddits, they'll fuck you up and make you feel like you're in a shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty shitty
 my brother was invited to dinner by a friend from gunzburg, forgot who it was and said \josef mengele!\ in front of everyone.
 i registered a domain name with my full name to make myself look more professional to employers, forgot about the url and sent it to a gay porn site.
 it translates to a bunch of letters. i don't know what to do. i'm a dumbass. i don't know what to do. i'm a dumbass. i don't know what to do. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm
 i stepped up to the window with a step stool to paint, neighbors saw my junk in the middle of our perfectly open window and thought i was masturbating.
 asked /r/sex about lube, got pop up advice about lube in the corner of my screen, friends, classmates, and possibly professors can easily read.
 took a shit, wiped my ass, got a brown stain on my tissue roll, had to spray lynx up my ass cheeks to get rid of the smell.
 tried to make a chocolate mousse for my anniversary, ended up making the worst chocolate mousse in the history of chocolate mousse, and my wife thinks i've been cracking one off the wrist to chocolate dessert recipes while eating all the chocolate in the house.
 went to lift something at work and busted the crotch of my pants. now i have to walk like i shit my pants to get back to my desk.
 i downloaded the wrong version of ios 7 gm, bricked my phone and wasted 2 and a half hours trying to update it to the public release version.
 i scratched my arm and looked away from the steering wheel and rear ended the guy in front of me. my car is likely totaled as well as his.
 sat down at a bus stop, fell on my ass and got my bag stuck between the glass and the bench, took me much longer than usual to get back up.
 tried to help my dad cut down a tree, got hit in the mouth by a branch, ran like hell when the tree fell, got thorns everywhere.
 fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck you! fuck
 trusted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, sharted a diarrhea shart, shar
 ate too many frappucinos, had to poop out 40 of them before a big show, ended up half naked and covered in poop in the venue's portaloos.
 made a joke about a firefighter running down stairs in his underwear, mic got keyed up and everyone could hear it. got a stern talk from a superior.
 it's not that long. it's not that long. it's not that long. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really fucking hurts. it really f
 went to rob zombie concert, didn't smoke, got pulled over, got arrested, had to wait two weeks for my blood test to come back negative.
 touched my sister's boob mid-squeeze. awkward sensations all around me. family laughs. never talked about it again. got to first base with my sister
 ** i tried to walk between a couple and brushed a boob. they thought i did it intentionally, and now i'm in the middle of a fight.
 i'm an idiot.. and i'm also an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot.. and i'm an idiot
 i failed my driving exam and now i won't be able to drive for the rest of my life. i'm a pathetic asshole.
 i didn't know you were supposed to flush coffee pots with water. boss threw up, i cleaned it with vinegar. it's my boss's birthday today.
 wiped my ass with wipes and now my asshole feels like someone forced their way in and now it hurts to sit down. i'm an idiot.
 i fucked up by signing off on a contract that would cut me 1350 and i fucked up by cross threading a joint that caused me to not get paid my wage and demoted to the hellish job that didnt get paid overtime until a week ago.
 i unplugged all the ports on my company's internet connection and ran to ceo's office to re-patch it, only to find that it's behind a shelving unit which can't be moved.
 my dog took my vibrator to the living room in the middle of my two uncles and my 18 year old cousin. and then somehow turned it on.
 ] i've been on duty for 48 hours and haven't slept since sunday. i had to return to work early that night for some training in a simulator (a giant video game in a small, mobile, sealed container... this detail is important). at this point, i have been on duty for roughly 48 hours, working tirelessly with another 24 hours to go before i could possibly get any sleep. the only way i have been able to cope up to this point was by self medicating with anything and everything available at my local 7/11. the only way i have been able to cope up to this point was
 jeff the killer screamer pranked me, i thought it was funny and posted the link to the screamer on twitter, it turned out to be a virus and i put a few peoples computers at risk.
 i accidentally deleted everyone's work from dropbox and now my teacher is spending two hours to restore it and i can't do anything until i see him tomorrow.
 i was reading /r/nosleep on my ipad at 3 am when i heard my dad come up. i freaked out and smacked at a black outline which looked like a head of the monster with the ipad. he's still mad at me.
 have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am. have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am. have to do it all by tomorrow at 9:15 am.
 i asked a girl if she wanted to hang out with me, she didn't want to, and now i'm waiting to see if she wants the d.
 i decided to take a physics class at the local university in my hometown in order to fulfill a requirement for my major and have the credits transfer over to the university that i have been attending (might as well do something productive while i'm at home). during the summer i decided that i wanted to take a physics class at the local university in my hometown in order to fulfill a requirement for my major and have the credits transfer over to the university that i have been attending (might as well do something productive while i'm at home).
 thought the light was green when it was actually red, cop pulled me over, now i have a $120 citation. i'm a fucking idiot.
 quit my boyfriend's game, almost threw up all over the console, and reloading the game 4 times. i'm an asshole.**
 my dad and i were towing my great grandfather's ford model. my dad slowed down too much and slack got in the tow strap and it got caught in the wheel. i yelled at my dad to stop and he stopped a bit more suddenly than i expected. i didn't brake soon enough and my momentum carried me into the rear bumper of his truck. luckily, i turned the wheel enough to just scrape the corner. it was slow enough that the dent in the left front fender was only about 4 inches long.
 i was having sexy times with my boyfriend, he picked up my phone, and i left a message moaning on a priest's phone. i almost had a heart attack.
 i was holding off on buying games during a steam sale because i thought they would become a daily deal or a flash sale and if they didn't, i would buy them at 11:00pm because during a steam sale, all games are discounted, but they get even cheaper when they become a daily deal or a flash sale.
 didn't clean up after anal pleasure, ended up pooping in the toilet and covered my briefs or whatever they are called in shit. fml
 i put a man up in a hotel for a night because i thought he was a victim of domestic violence, and he ended up staying there for three nights.
 i forgot my wallet in the house, put it back in the envelope, and forgot about it until the day before christmas, when my dad put used giftwrap in the fireplace.
 got kicked out of the boys bathroom, got revenge by peeing in the trashcan, got caught by my teacher and now have to serve a detention that says \urinating in the waste basket.\
 i bought an $18 dollar lightbulb that might harm my lizard, threw it away, and now i have no way of returning it. i'm a dumbass.
 got drunk and vomited in my car, smashed my face, got a car wash and lemon lime air freshener, got home and it wasn't pretty.
 don't bite your arm when you're bored, or you'll end up in a hot room in a fleece jacket with a purple bruise.
 i got a tattoo of a red bag with a wicked awesome symbol on it ten years ago because i thought it was cool. today i found out it's gay.
 i tried to prank my lecturer by bombarding him with nasty questions at the end of his presentation. i ended up getting in trouble for technically saying i wanted an argument.
 i was taking walks in the middle of the night and my mom walked in on me butt-naked with the porn on my computer and asked me if i was selling drugs.
 http://img39.imageshack.us/img39/3203/todayifuckedup.jpg http://img39.imageshack.us/img39/3203/todayifuckedup.jpg
 i drank a cigarette out of a cup of tea and proceeded to puke all over the side of the road. i've been on the verge of puking all day thinking about it.
 don't watch oscars if you haven't watched any of the nominated movies this year. it's a waste of time and money.
 ate too much food, had a stomach cramp, jumped off a lofted bed, farted in front of girls sleeping on the bottom bunk.**
 i don't know what i'm doing, i don't know how to fix it, and i don't know what to do.
 wiped a smile off my face when i found out my roommate's nan died. i'm a terrible person. i'm an idiot.
 got hungover, ate a sausage wrap, threw up 3 times, still hungover and the sausage taste is still there. i'm never drinking again.
 i spanked a girl on the ass while riding my bicycle and got arrested at the sd county jail. i am not a hardened criminal.
 glow in the dark bowling lanes made me look like i've been wiping my hands on my thighs for years, and it looked like my boyfriend came about 7 times on my jeans.
 i came out as a creep by saying ''naw, i wouldn't sit next to her'' and ''she's not interested yet''
 i went to yoga class commando with ripped pants, and my asshole blew up in front of the whole class. lesson of the day: **don't go to yoga class commando with ripped pants.** or they will all see your asshole.
 tried to clear my son's snot with a netipot, ended up getting infection in my nasal passages and am about to graduate from nursing school.
 tifu by pointing out my co-worker had her face pressed up against my stomach and her makeup had rubbed off on my shirt. i then spent the rest of the morning rubbing my stomach, like a pregnant lady rubs her baby, trying to get this large mark off my shirt.
 some asshole slammed the door to the stall next to me and my full drink landed directly in my boxers and shorts, that were resting at my ankles. it looked like i unloaded a bladder full of beers in my shorts.
 brushed my teeth with soap instead of toothpaste, gagged all over the bathroom, probably should have called in sick instead of brushing my teeth with soap instead of toothpaste.
 dropped f-bombs on xbox live, old lady called to ask me to stop, got a little too into xbox live, got a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs, got a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs, got a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs, got a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs, got a call from the sweet old lady next door asking me to stop dropping f-bombs,
 met a girl, went out to mongolian bbq, had makeout with her, she says no each time i try to go for the boobs.
 i used 3g on my phone, forgot it was on 3g, watched a lot of youtube, got a bill for 30gb instead of 10gb.
 misread the date for the 26th instead of the 25th and completely missed my entire exam and will now fail this subject because i just couldn't read the fucking date properly.
 i wiped off my face and chest with my father's semen on the floor of the laundry room and now i'm an asshole.
 i farted on a candle and set it on fire, ruined my grandma\u2019s photo and my favorite skirt, and dumped milk on a picture of my dead mother.
 i didn't want to be alone on valentine's day, so i fell asleep and woke up with a billion texts from a guy asking if i'd like to go on a date with him at two o'clock.
 i spilled a burrito on my lap and now i'm too embarrassed to go home and change. i'm also too embarrassed to go home and change.
 i didn't bring anything to the valentine's day party, and now everyone thinks that i'm a dumbass for not bringing anything.
 my brother likes white girls can twerk too and i go apeshit about it, so i message him: this is the result http://i.imgur.com/dpymkqe.png i dun goofd will post developements!
 took vicodin, poured hot coffee on fianc\u00e9's balls, scalded them, happy valentine's day, i'm a suck.
 i left a porn window open on the laptop my wife and i use, and the porn site just happened to be of the 'sissie' variety. after we'd both come home from work, had dinner, and talked a little she'd made mention of going to bed. i said goodnight, and that i loved her, and i should be headed to bed in about an hour or so...well, about 10 minutes later i thought i heard her exclaim \what the fuck are you watching?\ or something to that effect, but she doesn't come out to the living room to confront me
 took ambien cr, told my psudo crush how i felt in swedish, now i dont know if she translated it or not. ambien cr is a hell of a drug.
 i fucked up by picking the wrong pair of boots for a ruck march and ended up with blisters all over the bottoms of my feet. i'm an idiot.
 i puked in a bucket at the er and fell head first into it. the good news is that they gave me enough meds so that i'm not puking everywhere now.
 laughed at a lady with black shit all over her forehead and tried to wipe it off with a tissue. she grabbed my hand before it was too late and explained to me what is was there for.
 i left my toothbrush next to my dog's dog treats, and the family's housekeeper found it and put it next to my dog's dog treats.
 my friend and i pretended i lost my phone. we texted another friend of ours, and then sent her the copypasta. we have called a lawyer.
 i tried to help a homeless man by giving him a dollar, but ended up forcing him to take it. i hope he puts it towards a new coat.
 i sprayed waterproof deodorant on my armpits and now i'm getting a rash because my daughter left a can of deodorant on her boots the night before.
 got a voice mail to go online and finish my application for the royal bank of scotland, as there were only a few application slots left. called them at 3:45 pm and they told me they had no interview slots left.
 i was supposed to teach a class during 5th period, but instead i taught them during 6th period because my schedule is wrong and they are supposed to have class during 5th period and 6th period is my prep.
 i fucked up everything i had going for a girl i met on a blind date and now she won't talk to me and i don't know what to do.
 dropped a bong in the bathroom, broke it, and my frient was eating a pizza while it was falling out of the bowl. i'm a dumbass.
 i broke the mount on my bike's rear suspension because i didn't know how tight the nut was, and now i'm going to have to buy a new frame.
 my backpack's zipper broke in front of my math class and i had to pick up a line of my bondage toys that was 4 feet long. i have to see these people every day for the rest of the semester and probably in subsequent classes, considering my major is math and we're in higher-level courses.
 made fettucine carbonara for my parents, forgot to cook the bacon before i added it. it was still edible, but nowhere near as good as it should have been.
 read reddit while taking a dump, fell asleep and headbutted the bathroom door, waking up naked with my mother knocking on the door and telling me to take a shower.
 i don't think it's that long but i'm not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure it's that long i'm just not sure
 took a shit in the lobby of the marriott and left a trail of shit all over the floor and in the parking lot of the marriott.
 man saw my titty, made my day, and i feel like an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'
 tried to ignore my cousin's feminine singing voice at my grandfathers funeral, ended up laughing so hard that i went red and smirked, causing the loudest and stupidest laugh to erupt from my mouth.
 i shot myself in the eyes with a mace can and then shot myself in the face a second time with the same can of mace to show my father exactly how it happened.
 i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability. i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability. i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability. i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability. i hope i never have to contribute to this sr but seeing as i am also british it must be an inevitability.
 multiplying by 1000 when i should have divided by 1000... on a spreadsheet to the president of the company...then arguing my math. fml by multiplying by 1000 when i should have divided by 1000... on a spreadsheet to the president of the company...then arguing my math. fml by multiplying by 1000 when i should have divided by 1000... on a spreadsheet to the president of the company...then arguing my math. fml by multiplying by 1000 when i should have divided by 1000... on a spreadsheet to the president of the company...then arguing my math.
 tried to explain a rapist joke to a girl, she didn't get it and now thinks i'm creepy for some reason. i'm not.
 i left my shirt and phone on the roof of my car, got ripped a new one from my dad, lost my wallet, weed, and car.
 ate a box of chocolate, ate laxatives, thought i was food poisoning, turns out i ate laxatives. lesson learned: read boxes tifu by eating chocolate.
 tifu by not telling my so that i am making him sick because i am a strep carrier and he has performed oral on me and i have strep throat.
 i thought my physics class threw out the lowest grade on a test, and now i can't drop the class because i'm sitting on 15 credits.
 chugged all of my group's ginger beer, got a waterfall of shit out of my asshole, and now i'm stuck in the bathroom with a waterfall of shit coming out of my asshole.
 don't tell your girlfriend you're having sex for the first time unless you want her to think you're having sex for the first time with her.
 tripod decided it wasn't gonna hold any weight and dropped my camera. the good news is that i can still take pics. the bad news is that i can't remove the filter.
 failed my ib dp course due to lack of motivation to do my chinese work. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up. fuck up.
 i didn't allot for the possibility of a migraine happening today, and got one right as i sat down to do my missing stats work and an easy english essay.
 /r/tifu is a year old, we've reached 75,000 subscribers, we'd like to ask you, the community, on what we could do to improve this community. please upvote this post so that more people can see it.
 i forgot to take my purse of coins out of my pocket, which also contains my 8 gb flash drive. this flash drive, contains all of my school projects and important account information. all of that can be replicated and done without breaking a sweat.
 i dropped my iphone 4 on it and apple told me it wasn't covered, so i had to pay for another iphone which i had to pay for.
 tried to do the right thing and pick up a wallet, got accused of stealing $300 out of it, got called a theiving prick by the owner.
 i used the registrar's e-mail address as the sender of a mass e-mail declaring that all the classes of the next day have been cancelled**
 put campho-phenique on my eye, forgot to clean it off my finger, 7 month old snapped me out before i put it on my eye.
 i left my wallet at home, bought a train ticket, forgot to get it at the station, and the lady behind me dropped her ticket after purchasing it.
 my temp contract is not being renewed and because i have holidays to take i am off from today. only found out on friday but feel bad i forgot to tell her til today.
 i let a guy borrow our doorstop, he never brought it back, boss thought he was a thief, and the police thought i was a burglar.
 ripped my jeans in school and it looked like i was trying to conceal an erection for the entire day. also, don't wear light blue jeans to school.
 drew a picture of jesus on the back of a book, got called in to the office, and now my mother is coming in to convince my counselor i don't need therapy.
 i couldn't afford my phone bill, so i couldn't respond to my boss' emails, and he fired me because i couldn't.
 fapped in the middle of the night, fell asleep and missed an important lecture for a test in a few days. i'm a dumbass.
 bought a cheap vac at an outlet store, didn't realize it had no attachments, bought a hose and adapter, realized it had a dirty filter.
 got drunk, woke up five hours later, deleted my facebook profile, lost my driver's license, and now people think i'm an idiot.
 let my cousin use my laptop, he got to see my dick pics, craigslist responses, and all of my messages from the past few years. he didn't say anything to me, but i'm assuming he went through all of them. he didn't say anything to me, but i'm assuming he went through all of them. he didn't say anything to me, but i'm assuming he went through all of them. he didn't say anything to me, but i'm assuming he went through all of them. he didn't say anything to me, but i'
 i hurt myself going up the stairs for the second time in a few months, and now i can't walk on it for a week or so.
 i don't think i'm going to make it to the end of the day. i'm going to be sad when i get home.
 went for a run, sprained my ankle, had to be helped out of the house and have to wear a walking boot for the rest of the day.
 my boyfriend gave me a creampie and i did the largest queef i've ever heard in front of his parents. he points out a huge wet stripe down the back of my trousers.
 tried to get ear wax out with a cue-tip, ended up making it worse, and now i'm stuck being half deaf for 2 days.
 i didn't get a new hard drive and now my computer won't boot up when i try to plug in a drive that's in the freezer in a bag full of rice.
 i knocked over paper towels during a yoga session and ended up with 2 weeks worth of my own juice clinging to my armpit. i am a hairy man.
 went hiking, fell down a hill, cut my leg open with a thorny plant, bled all over the place. two years later, managed to remove the last spike from between the layers of my track pants.
 i threw up all over my parents' cat food bowl because i'm too sick to fly home. the cat still hasn't looked at me.
 went to amusement park, forgot to button phone pocket, went on biggest, fastest ride, phone fell out of my pants, amusement park staff found it.
 don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and don't fuck around on the s.o. and
 went to home depot, left op's cart where mine was, hope he/she came back and found it... i hope he/she came back and found it rather than having to go through the aisles again and picking up stuff... i'm sorry op (if by some miracle you are reading this)!
 tried to make a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing all my shopping, ended up making a joke about my mom doing
 i locked myself out of my house, tried to crawl through a dog door, but my butt wouldn't let me in and i was stuck there for at least an hour.
 ate some creepypasta, had to pee, vomited, pissed, and scared the shit out of my wife and my 4 year old daughter.
 talked to my sister for two hours, she had a bad anxiety/panic attack, i made fun of her, she had a seizure, we went to the hospital.
 i shit myself in the middle of the night and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to sleep under my blankets and now i have to clean myself and my dog likes to
 mulatto butts, (mulatto butts)! black and white butts, (black and white butts)!**\ my archer ringtone resulted in a very awkward rest of interview wit me leaving swiftly.
 got tipsy with my bf, puked all over the carpet, got into flannel pjs and my hair was in the bowl covered in puke.
 put boner cream on my hands, jerked off, woke up in the morning with my dick peeling, had to scratch my balls all day.
 i put googly eyes on a poster for child support at work and my coworkers didn't report the vandalism. now i'm in trouble and i may be fired.
 didn't eat all day, got gassed, got into a fight with my dad, slept in different rooms for a day and a half.
 i let my dog off the leash, she chased a bunch of pregnant sheep, and if there are any miscarriages we will be fined, and i am a fucking student.
 i put my clothes in the dryer for an hour and a half instead of twenty, and now i have a blister the size of a pencil eraser between my shaft and balls.
 i sent a video of me masturbating to a guy i used to work with, not my boyfriend, and now he thinks i'm a pedophile.
 i made a joke about a fake mental illness and now i'm going to be murdered because i'm insensitive. i'm a dumbass.
 i made a mistake on my financial aid form and now i have to pay $900 instead of the $1400-$1500 i was supposed to get back. fuck.
 forgot a form of id for a tax form, and now my hiring manager probably won't be interested in rescheduling. i'm a dumbass.
 i didn't politely decline my neighbor's invitation to come look at his floor plan and ended up pissing all over his bathroom and his floor mat.
 i went to shit in a girl's restroom and had to wait an entire hour for a fire drill to cause all current girls to evacuate and provide me with the perfect opportunity to escape.
 trusted a fart, ruined my underwear, and had to show up late for my son's first concert of the holiday season. it was either that, or show up smelling like shit :(
 went to have a bath, didn't wash out the bath, brother's friend saw me naked, turns out my mum was calling me.**
 i booked a ticket back to florida for friday the 13th, only to find out two weeks later that i was coming home two weeks earlier than planned.
 i was watching a video called \how to boil milk\ and this happened: http://i.imgur.com/3g6jl16.jpg
 i bought bdsm gear while away at state cross country and now my suitcase is missing and my mom has no idea i'm even remotely sexually active.
 i'm unprepared for my first final in 6 hours because i've been apathetic about my mental health issues for the past month and a half.
 i deleted over 5,000 music files and now i can't play a single song in itunes because i can't find the original files. fml.
 i tried to transfer the title to my new car, but the signature on the title doesn't match with the rubber stamp, and i can't get a bill of sale.
 sent my professor a text saying i wanted to get back into bed with him, but it wasn't him, so he thought it was my boyfriend.
 gum fell out of my mouth while masturbating and now my pubic hair is stuck to my mouth and i can't move it without tugging at it.
 i used a hairbrush to smush a huge dump and threw it away. my boyfriend came into my room a few minutes later and asked why are you throwing away this perfectly good hair brush.
 my friend and i were biking, he dodged a stick that was in the bike path, i ran over it, and it flipped up into my spokes. i'm skidding along like a cartoon character with really only my face touching the ground, plus one elbow, the opposite wrist, my neck, and one side of the handlebars.
 went to fiance's house, brother comes home, i get up, run to the closet and hide, he knocks, i try to confront him but fail, and then i disappear into the room again.
 don't be a dumbass like me and subscribe to reddit. it will save you a lot of time and money in the long run. also, don't be a dumbass like me and subscribe to reddit. it will save you a lot of time and money in the long run. also, don't be a dumbass like me and subscribe to reddit. it will save you a lot of time and money in the long run. also, don't be a dumbass like me and subscribe to reddit. it will save you a lot of time and money in the long run.
 i ate my sister's baby shit and puked all over her newly shampooed carpet, her microfiber couch, and all on my self.**
 i got poison ivy on my hand while doing yard work and had to readjust my pants because the pants were a little tight. the next morning, i spotted the poison ivy on my hand and new it was about to get bad.
 i left a bag of bread open for two days and it was infested with fruit flies. i ate an entire scone that was sure to have had at least a handful of those disgusting insects on it, and i'd been watching videos to notice the extra protein i was ingesting. i did not scream like a little girl, probably because i still had a full mouthful of the awful bread in my mouth. i just spat out every last crumb without thinking, spraying it everywhere, rushed to the bathroom and rinsed my mouth about twenty times before i felt clean enough to go back and throw away the bread bag of hell with shaking hands
 pulled a dress out of the washing machine and now i'm worried it's going to fall off and i'm going to have to buy a new one.
 i threw up in the bathroom while the plumber was fixing the water heater, he gave me the most awkward look and i left the room. we have warm water now.
 i accidentally opened a video of my sisters boyfriend jacking off to alt-f4 while my sisters boyfriend was laying butt-naked on the bed.
 i masturbated and gave my dad a blank cd. he used it and found semen on it. i laughed and said \dad there was semen on that disk\.
 hooked up with my best friend's sister, hooked up with my other good friend's ex, i'm gonna have to tell my second friend.**
 5 year old cousin wants to play wii sports with my big cousin. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose. i'm supposed to lose.
 dropped my phone in the restroom, boss walks in, i pick up the phone, give a embarrassed smile to him and walk out. i'm a dumbass.
 found a $50 bill in the parking lot of a mall near my work, it was the most money i've ever found. i kept it in my pocket, feeling it all day to make sure it was real. i had a series of events that involved a bar (i wasn't drunk) but a long walk, bar, and social interaction caused me to somehow lose track of the crumbled up bill which was in my front left pocket..
 i fapped while my dad was hugging me, my dick brushed up against my pants while i awkwardly maintained my crotch as far away from his body as possible.
 i tried to remove a piece of glass that stuck too well to the lcd of my phone and ended up ruining it and now i don't know what to do with it.
 i ran a 5k, hyperventilating, and pissing all over the course of the race. i finished 43rd out of 50.
 sharted on myself during a test, stained my shorts, mom came after 30 mins with a fresh pair of shorts. i'm a dumbass.
 i stabbed myself in the arm with scissors trying to chase a squirrel out of a dumpster because i didn't want to put the scissors point down in my pocket.
 i laughed for a solid 45 seconds while my vagina made uncontrollable, extremely loud farting sounds while i was having morning sex with the guy i'm seeing.**
 wanted to play donkey konga 3, formatted my memory card to wipe all of my save data from the past 10 years of games on the gamecube.
 didn't properly groom my pubes before a date, got gel in them, couldn't walk home with my gf because it was painful.
 cut my hair, power went out, now i'm half haired and the first day of school is tomorrow. i'm a dumbass.
 i livestreamed my porn to my dad's tv and now i'm refusing to go downstairs for the rest of the day because of it.
 i went to a party on the roof of my apartment complex with a group of people i didn't know, and one of them asked a girl if her left breast was bigger than her right.
 put a potato on your arm overnight and then the next morning you tap the area with a spoon you arm will break. i called bullshit and slept with my hand in a sock. the next morning i tapped my hand and it resulted in a broken bone.
 i clogged the toilet with a sausage and got my arm stuck up to the shoulder. now i have to clean my clothes and floor and can't go to sleep.
 yoloed the fuck out of my apartment, forgot to swallow my spit, washed the entire box of dryer sheets in the washing machine, the dryer is now smoking.
 i got typhoid fever and had to have a nurse wipe my asshole. i thought it was a good idea, but it wasn't and i had to evacuate the hospital.
 i went to a rammstein concert and threw away till's blood covered butcher's glove because i thought it was a plastic bag filled with poop.
 went to get something from the fridge, got caught by a middle aged man and his 3 6 year old children with my penis flapping in the kitchen.
 oyster crackers are delicious, one cannot just have a few. however one should not eat 13 servings in one sitting because one is bored on a rainy saturday.
 bent a key on the side of the road and had to spend a hundred dollars to get it back. i don't think i've ever broken a key in my life.
 i named a pitbull pup after a pony from a tv show and now my brothers think i'm an idiot for naming her after alois from the justine dlc of amnesia.
 i blew smoke out of the window and my neighbor thought it was my ac. my dad saw the cigarette butts and now i'm probably in trouble.
 coworker forgot to print weekly labor reports, alarm deafened us, phone started ringing, police showed up in front of the restaurant, we had to explain to the police, alarm company, and my manager, and now my manager does not trust us to close.
 i told a workmate to fuck and get away from him and now there is a shitstorm brewing and i fear he will get shit for it.
 don't write down no-context quotes from your teachers when you're a kid. they'll make you look like a dumbass.
 i hit a cat with my car. put him in the back seat of my car and took him to a vet clinic. the cat came to life and ran away.
 i came on a woman's face on a lunch date and she called me a bastard and won't let me help her clean it off.
 i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i'm a scumbag. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole. i don't know how to get out of this fucking hole
 i gave a girl an option that equated sex to monetary gain and i don't think i can live with myself for it. i can't stand the thought of my sexual desires outweighing my propensity for human decency.
 i flooded a guy friend's bathroom because i thought it was a great idea to poo in a toilet that didn't have a trashcan in it.
 i got a girl's number, she said she was a fluffophile, i sent her a text that revealed everything i jerk off to, she didnt reply for an hour.
 dropped my daughter off at mom's house. put ipad on top of otterbox to help her out of the car. forgot my wallet in the car and drove to work with it.
 caught a homeless guy flogging his donkey in the library and had to help him later when he checked out the magazines he was flogging his donkey too.
 i got a bad wedgie, ripped a chunk out of my underwear, now i can't walk and i'm throwing away my underwear.
 i tried to surprise my co-worker on his birthday by buying cookies at the grocery store. a display of cookies fell to the ground and i had to buy oatmeal raisin cookies.
 i couldn\u2019t keep my toes warm, asked my friend if his boots were waterproof, he said they weren\u2019t, i tried to counter by asking him if his socks were waterproof, he said they weren\u2019t, i tried to counter by asking him if his socks were waterproof, he said they weren\u2019t, i tried to counter by asking him if his socks were waterproof, he said they weren\u2019t, i tried to counter by asking him if his socks were waterproof, he said they weren\u2019t, i tried to counter by asking him if his socks were waterproof, he said they weren\u2019t,
 i took nude photos of my friend while she was naked for an assignment and left them on a usb drive that i didn't put away properly.
 i'm a fucking idiot and i'm going to get fucked if i don't return it. i'm a fucking idiot and i'm going to get fucked if i don't return it. i'm a fucking idiot and i'm going to get fucked if i don't return it. i'm a fucking idiot and i'm going to get fucked if i don't return it. i'm a fucking idiot and i'm going to get fucked if i don't return it. i'm a fucking idiot and i'm
 watched a scary movie made me jump and spewed \mud\ all up my back down my legs a little on my balls a puddle on my bed and a trail of \mud\ from my bed the the toilet.
 went to a halloween party, got drunk, slapped a black guy in the face, got jumped by 3 giant black guys, woke up the next day covered in blood.
 i told an old lady to add my skype username to her contact book. i lost my analbeads, fuckkkkkkkkkk.
 offered a fist bump to a girl i don't know, got yelled at and now i'm \that kid that got yelled at for being a creeper\.
 made a piri piri marinade, didn't wash my hands, had a cheeky mid morning wank and now my penis feels like someone rubbed molten rock over my glans.
 i'm too drunk to write an essay due in six hours and i can't go to sleep because i'm too hopped up on caffeine.
 i put the wrong digits on my girlfriend's phone and now each of them has the other's number and i will worry that one might phone the other and bitch about me or worse.
 i ate a tub of ice cream that wasn't chocolate chip ice cream. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot.
 tried to fix a loose connector on my car, ended up with a dead car and a super glued plug/connector thing that's super glued in place.
 my cat pissed on my laundry hamper a week before i had to wear a white t-shirt to school, i didn't notice and wore it anyway.
 i lost my ring this morning, and it's probably gone now because i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 my friend kicked the door open when i was pooping, i ran to it, yelled at it, and it opened, exposing me to an elderly man.
 went to the gym more often. went to the gym more often. went to the gym more often. went to the gym more often. ate pizza for breakfast. read more.
 tifu by letting my cat jump on my girlfriend's desk and splash over a cup of water while i was setting up dd-wrt.
 i tried to turn off my fluorescent light without a switch and ended up shattering the bulb on my shelf and ruining the rest of my carpet. i'm sleeping on the couch tonight and i'll clean it in the morning.
 i was playing video games in my computer room, and as i was criticizing the other players, i forgot my gay friend was in the bed behind me.
 clicked internet explorer instead of google chrome, now i'm stuck with google chrome's logo instead of internet explorer's. i'm too lazy to change the problem.
 i love this girl with all my heart and soul, but my ex guilt tripped me into getting back with her, and i realized what i was doing, and freaked out and broke up with her, and i told the girl i love what happened, and she hasnt responded since
 tried to paint my sister's room, got paint all over myself and my house, my parents thought i was a druggie and i took a bath in gas.
 i didn't fall back to sleep, drank coffee that was a disgrace to the name of coffee, pooped out my mug, and took a test.
 i inhaled a piece of a plastic straw and projectile vomited my lunch all over a wall at work. i'm now sitting at my desk deciding whether to fake sick or own up to my stupidity.
 don't fuck up your keys, they'll fuck up your life, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your wallet, and they'll fuck up your
 uncle asked me to do a website, i said \no\ for the first time and now he and my grandma are giving me the &#3232;_&#3232; face cause apparently [i have the time since i'm only playing games on mah computer...](http://arch.413chan.net/feelsbadman-(n1305563518441)... and awkwardness everywhere.**
 smoked the night before, couldn't sleep, found myself redditing while my friend was asleep, screamed and tried to play it off as a nightmare.
 shaved my penis after a funeral, passed out and woke up with my dick looking like gollum's head and my bathroom covered in pubes.
 tried to lead a little girl back to her mom, ended up leading her away from her mom and causing her to start wailing in the middle of the mall.
 tried to sell a video recording gig to an older lady, told her i could record her kids or grand kids, she put a dollar in the donation jar and walked away.
 i tried to install the demo on my laptop, and it deleted everything, and now i am having to trail by fire and learn my new linux system.
 gf made me a whole 5 course vegan meal with vegetables, and lots of quinoa. she made me a giant turd the size of a large kiwi fruit. i took out her garbage, forgot to dispose of the tongs, and left them in the kitchen sink.
 grandma poured pepsi into her soup and i had a lot of pepsi in my mouth and it all dribbled out back into the cup and on the table.
 shot a lot of meth, fucked up my balls, and now i think i have epididymis, which is a bacterial infecction which has a few causes.
 father in law installs security camera software on my laptop while i'm at work, opens laptop to install, some girl getting railed at full volume.
 i rented a textbook from amazon for $75. i accidentally sold it to abebooks for $75. i have to pay $184 now to 'buy' it. it has already been shipped to abebooks and even from the shipping location to their hidden warehouse.
 removed hard drive to backup on pc. mistyped command and made entire hard disk inaccessible. have to have it working by jan.6 or it won't work.
 don't fold your cash in your front pocket, you're going to lose it, and you'll never be able to use it again.
 posted a story here early in the am about what happened to me over the last few years under what is my default username for everything, and found 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 farted and pooped in the same place at the same time. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant believe i was 30 before i had one. cant
 had to take care of my uncle's birds for the winter, ended up killing 11 of them and pissed off my uncle's father and family.
 i bought a pair of glasses that crush my skull and now i have to wait another two years to get another pair. i'm a fucking idiot.
 told a coworker she was losing all of her deals for admitting to using \that word\ and that i didn't think he meant it in a hurtful way.
 went home for two weeks, forgot about my home sim, activated internet bundle, got a 330 bill for two weeks of data usage, thought i was stupid enough to pay it.
 bee flew in my face i crashed into a stroller and was yelled at for a good 30 minutes about how i could have killed the baby and when i say i was sorry multiple times they called the cops and it was just a mess.
 asked my friend for points, he used his mom's card, now i owe him 10 dollars and his mom 10 dollars. fuck borderlands 2
 read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest of the page blank ive read display left the rest
 i fell down the stairs naked in front of a girl i had a talk with about getting a dog and now i feel like a total asshole.
 don't multitask at work and don't do not work on reddit. you will get laughed at, and you will get fired. i did not get fired.
 i threw out about $400 worth of checks from family members and now my mom is going to lose her shit on me. i'm moving to florida in about a month, and my mom has been bugging me about cleaning out my bedroom for a long time now. i finally got around to cleaning out my desk yesterday, which is completely filled with crap. in one drawer i kept all my old birthday cards. i quickly thumbed through them and put them in the garbage. this morning the garbage guy came and took our stuff. this morning the garbage guy came and took our stuff. this morning the garbage guy came and took our
 put my dirty clothes in the toilet, took a few seconds to realise what i had done and fishing out the ones at the bottom of the pile was not fun.
 i bought a guitar for my wedding and hid it in our room. i came clean because my fiance was just spewing random shit and didnt know there was a guitar at home. turns out she was just spewing random shit and didnt know there was a guitar at home.
 i poured a glass of chocolate milk on my xbox while watching walking dead, then shoved my birthday cake in my face and poured the milk on the floor.
 i can't afford to celebrate my dad's birthday because i'm too ashamed to admit i've been drinking too much and i don't have any money.
 it's not that long, it's not too long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long, it's not that long,
 i cut a tendon in my ring finger while chopping onions, and will be having surgery tomorrow to reconnect it. it will be expensive, painful, and debilitating.
 i wiped my ass with lysol wipes and burned my ass with the chemicals in them. i can't feel my ass anymore.
 i accidentally slapped my 5 year old cousin down the stairs after he punched me in the stomach, causing him to fall down the stairs and get a black eye and scrapes.
 i was in my wife's chat, and accidentally sent her an x-rated text while she was getting a haircut. she didn't like it.
 i was working on a plugged-in tube amp with no shoes or gloves on and my dumb ass forgot to unplug it and i got zapped in the arm.
 it's been three months since the fuck up of the week was updated, and it's still not a part of this subreddit that's cared about.
 my penis slid through the crotch slot in my locker and my teacher could have seen it. i hope he doesn't bring it up in any of my classes with him.
 clicked on an nsfw post at work and saw a gif of a girl getting splooged on repeating over and over again in plain view. awkward.
 told my boss i was talking to my coworker, turns out he was actually working from home. now my boss thinks i'm a dumbass.
 called my indian boss a fucking indian in the middle of a crowded office instead of saying \there are too many fucking chiefs\ as i should have.
 i ate some new cereal and now i'm shitting all day and my farts smell like shit. i'm an idiot.
 didn't listen to teacher, cut thumb on linoleum, can't make nachos because i can't afford to pay the doctor's bill.
 tried to hit on an old friend who i've had feelings for in the past but never went after (reasons for that are a story for another day, if any one is curious, if any one is curious, alcohol does not bring out the inner charisma (not sure how it works on other)
 i got thrown off my longboard in the rain and my board slipped and got hit by another car and broke. [it got hit by another car and broke.](http://i.imgur.com/4sgfuem.jpg)
 i dropped my phone, pressed the share button on an imgur album, and now i'm waiting to see if my timeline is full of my friends walking in on me masturbating.
 i spent three weeks studying for a test i didnt even know i had to take and i fucked up by thinking the answer sheet was a packet instead of a sheet.
 ironed a shirt that i don't have, now i have burn marks on my arms and legs, and i have two wedding receptions to go to.
 pissed in the toilet, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed in the cup, pissed
 i used my boyfriend's toilet with my period blood in it. his dad called a plumber, and it turned out to be his mom's.
 tifu by shaving my entire genital region including my ass crack. the razor burn and heat rash is so unbearable right now. the razor burn and heat rash is so unbearable right now. the razor burn and heat rash is so unbearable right now. the attempt to be sexy for a lady friend backfired, and now it looks like i have herpes.
 i wanted to kiss my friend, she told me she has a boyfriend, now i feel like a dick and i don't know what to do.
 i tore the crotch of my pants playing qb with 5th grade students and had to walk across the playground and the cafeteria full of another grade level of students to get my car keys, only to walk clear back across the cafeteria and the playground to my car to go home and get new pants.
 tried to hook up with a girl, ended up paying $87.00 for a 6 month subscription to a website i didn't even sign up for.**
 my girlfriend has been seeing another guy for the past 3 months and i found out about it today. i am heartbroken and clueless as to how i am going to move on.
 i signed a three bedroom lease for an apartment complex that did roommate matching and ended up living in a shitty place for a year before i found a subleaser.
 i asked my grandmother if she had ever tried sriracha and ended up making my naso-pharnyx look like it was made of lava for the next three hours.
 i'm lactose intolerant, drank milk that wasn't soy milk, got gassed, walked half way to school, farted, felt the warmth flow down my leg.
 i asked a girl out, she said she couldn't because she was busy with sports, then she started talking with another guy before i asked her out.
 got drunk, had sex with prostitute, no anal, no kissing, no licking, had condom all the time, what is the risk for me of picking up std?
 i washed apple chunks out of my son's blankets and now i can't tell the difference between a chewed up apple and a piece of cloth.
 miguel cuts out the eyes of a guard. i accidentally spoiled it for my girlfriend the next night. she forgot about it and i accidentally spoiled it a second time.
 put computer analytic tools on my usb so i could check up on my computer in fears of having a bad memory leak. next day i put those tools on my school computer and they were filled with trojans, adware, spyware and more. they have to shutdown the internet for two days in order to prevent viruses from spreading on the network and eventually into education queensland's \mainframe\.
 pooped out my ass for the first time in over a month, had to call in to work to shitting so motherfucking much.
 i got drunk and drew a dick in an ikea catalog. my dad found it and gave it to the neighbor lady because he doesn't shop at ikea.
 didn't go to the toilet, thought i had a sweaty ass crack, didn't realise i had shit in my ass until it was too late.
 forgot to take into account oncoming traffic, almost fishtailed round a corner and almost got hit by a car. fuck road works and sleep deprivation.
 jar of tea fell from the cupboard and pierced my toe. went to a man of medicine to have it cut off. bled all over the place.
 don't force an eyelash into the back of your eye, even if it's during rem sleep. it's not a good idea.
 i was in chemistry class, sneezed, and shat my pants in front of my whole class. i\u2019m an asshole. i\u2019m an asshole.
 accidentally clicked on a torrent of porn on my friend's computer. then, a couple hours later, he got a notification that the download was of [*pornstar name* *pornstar name](http://imgur.com/pqqcsgg).
 went to connecticut to meet with a client, couldn\u2019t find the hotel, had to stop at my parents to get a tie, couldn\u2019t find the address for the hotel.
 i let a girl into my apartment while live @ the beacon was playing and she saw louis mid-pseudo-jerk while he was imitating the news reporter talking about libya.
 i said i hadn't had a decent night's sleep since i had a dream about jennifer lawrence as a sex slave, and the people around me thought i wanted to have jennifer lawrence as a sex slave.
 tried to be a good employee and fix my boss's broken website, now everything's broken and he can't talk to me about it.
 blew out my dugout while walking down the street, hit a runner in the face, he never said a word, i yelled \i'm so sorry\ but he never looked back.
 i parked in a holiday inn parking lot and decided to hang out in the hotel lobby. the hotel wasn't even open for business and i got caught.
 went to mcdonalds at 2 in the morning and backed into a light post in a parking lot. now my bumper is fucked and i have no money to pay for it.
 i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. maybe they won't read it closely? i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of the letter. i forgot to double check and left the wrong company's name in the body of
 i hope he doesn't complain. i work retail. i hope he doesn't complain. i work retail. i hope he doesn't complain.
 i accidentally bought a bag of skittles and arizona iced tea and placed them next to each other at my bosses birthday party and now the office thinks i'm racist.
 i squirted piss on my boyfriend's chest instead of cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum-cum
 went to a pizza restaurant, ate a half-digested pizza, went to sleep, woke up to the feeling of my guts being roasted with the power of a thousand suns.
 tried to get rid of bugs by shaking my head, fell into a patch of dirt and mulch and had to walk home covered in dirt and mulch, my dog must be thinking i'm retarded.
 i voided the warranty on a brand new laptop, and now i'm fucked for an assignment that's due friday. i'm an idiot.
 didn't wash my underwear, exam is in an hour, don't know what i'm going to wear to my exam. fml.
 i thought i locked the restroom door while taking a shit and someone walked in and saw my cut up shit stained underwear sitting on the floor next to me.
 i walked into a feminist meeting wearing a shirt that said \party with sluts\ and looked like an asshole to about 50 girls.
 threw away a cigarette butt without making sure it was fully out, set my house on fire, and have to explain to the city why i need a new garbage can.
 i thought my friend was giving a send off to his class, but he was talking about a friend who died. i called him a douchebag.
 i flicked a ball through the air and it hit me in the balls, and i'm pretty sure i'll never be able to wear socks again.
 took a piss, zipped the tip of my dick in my pants, can't wear pants/underwear, it hurts like a bitch.
 don't sleep on a bed with mosquito net on. it's not a good idea. i'm now covered in bites and the chinese people are laughing at me.
 i ate a smoothie with shit in it and had sex with my boyfriend. it smelled like shit and i was like a deer caught in headlights.**
 ate too much, had a chestburster, went to the gym, passed out, had to make the walk across the room to the change.
 i got my airaoft bb's stuck in my ear and now i'm on my way to the emergency room to get it out.
 tifu by being too needy, making poor decisions romantically, handling it with pharmaceuticals, and not paying enough attention to the clumsy bitch who didn't warn me that the freezer had just been opened.
 i stripped my motorcycle's float screw so badly that i can't get it out and buy a new one so i can't buy anything else.
 took a drink with ants on my lips, thought i was going to puke, ran to the bathroom to rinse out my mouth, ants blend in with dr. pepper.
 i thought a stick of butter looked like a stick of semen and barfed all over the kitchen while trying to make myself a breakfast sandwich while sick.
 i went to a party and left my wallet on my jacket and my drivers license on the ground. all of my money is gone and now i have to pay a speeding ticket i got last week.
 don't fuck with me, i'm not fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i'm just fucking retarded, i
 got drunk, became an annoying asshole, got punched in the face, feel like an alcoholic loser, everyone else's morning is going to hell.
 told my wife \i wanna be on your front.\ i didn't get to be on her front, but i did get to be on her back.
 i took my brother-in-law out to a party and he puked in my trunk and in the backseat of my car. now i don't know how to look at him the same way.
 went for a walk, shit myself, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again, shit myself again.
 i didn't take my medication today, because i'm having trouble focusing, and i fucked up a lot at work, and left customers waiting an extra minute or two.
 jalapeo + dick = pain. canola oil + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain. don't eat jalapeo + dick = pain.
 i microwaved popcorn, it exploded, the house smelled like burnt popcorn and a little girl cried like a little bitch because she thought she was going to puke.
 played cookie clicker, spilled water on roommate's new macbook pro, now it's in the shop for a new logic board. fuck cookie clicker.
 i broke a glowstick, tried to get it on in a glass, and it flung glowing liquid all over the kitchen and my eyes. the chemicals weren't corrosive or anything but it burned like crazy.
 tried to shit in the shower, ended up plugging the drain. now there is 2 inches of shitwater that will not go down at all since about 1 hour.
 i wrote a script that recursively deleted all the files on the c: drive of the server i work on. the backup software wasn't working and the restore wasn't working. the server will be rebooted tomorrow and if it's fine it'll be left as-is. if not it'll need to be re-done from scratch.
 i pissed on my own dick in my sleep because i was under a lot of pressure in a dream about my cat suing the police for pissing on him.
 left my charger in my car, engine blew up, and i'm still waiting for my phone to come back on. all because i forgot my charger.
 i put a safety pin through my pants and pierced a hole in the bottom of my nut sack and now i have a massive pain in my nut sack.
 don't put a vent in a can of beans, or you'll end up with bean shaped burns on your face and a distaste for beans.
 read a joke on /r/imgoingtohellforthis in front of my ex, she got really upset, and now i don't want to text her anymore.
 roommate walked in on me talking on skype about how much i didn't like him, made a bad comment about him, and now i'm moving.
 tried to save money by buying ice in 20lb bags, knocked freezer door open, flooded garage, threw away most of the meat for dinner, and hit my nut with a tennis ball.
 i sucked up a burning bong cherry and it went straight down my throat burning the shit out of everything it touched, coughing up blood and pink shit the entire time.
 i got a droid razr m with a new phone number. i was contacted by the woman that used to have my new phone number. she left me a voicemail stating that she turned on her ipad for the first time in 5 months, and it loaded all the text messages i sent and received from my new number. she hooked me up with the first screen shots, the last one is from my future husband who i 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932 888-276-5932
 thought dog food was a few feet away from tent, woke up to a raccoon feasting on dog food. it was the longest 15 minutes of my life.
 put my face in water, forgot to breathe, passed out in the shower, woke up and threw up. i'm pretty sure i'll never be able to wash my face again.
 i was jerking it to some porn, got up to put on my underwear, went over the edge, cumming everywhere, roommate was home early.
 got baked, watched death sentences on youtube, had to poop, made a large self-realization when a tear runs down your cheek while you are holding your phone with one hand and wiping your ass with the other.
 i stomped on a rake and got two busted lips and a very sharp vertical pain from my face as well as a tifu and a til moment.
 i scratched my nose with the end of a twist tie and it went into my eye. i'm not sure if it's permanent or not.
 bought turnips from sunday turnip lady at 95 bells a piece. fed them to my character. now i'm stuck with 170 more turnips and i can't sell them for anywhere near what i paid.
 i watched the second movie of the centipede trilogy, it was the single most fucked up movie i've ever seen and i fell asleep soon after watching it.
 laughed hysterically at a joke in middle school, ended up whipping my head in a downward motion towards the desk where a mesh binder was placed, and spent 10 minutes facedown on the desk trying to \unbrace\ myself from the binder while the class laughed at me.
 made a public account so anyone can use it for a throwaway or anything you want.so to keep it public i verified the account to a random e-mail that i created so if someone changes it's password i would reset it back to normal.
 i screwed myself out of half my commission by selling a ranch in the mls for $5.35 cash and now i'm out half my commission.
 i stomped on a route 44 sonic cup with a nail through it, thinking it was a cup i was going to stomp, but it was a board with a nail through it.
 slept on my stomach, sharted, ran into my friends mother, wiped, washed pants, chilled for an hour before going to work the next day.
 i made chicken soup with too much water, didn\u2019t follow my mother\u2019s advice of tasting it, and fell asleep. the smoke filled my apartment.
 i hooked up with my best friend's roommate and he found my panties wedged in the sofa cushions and now he thinks i'm having sex with him.
 i showed my assistant manager a pic of my rock hard member and she thought i was showing her a pic of my dick. she laughed and walked away.
 didn't wear gloves when using my box cutter, sliced my finger open, got a raise only minutes before my yearly review and was given a raise tomorrow.
 tried to show off my pull-up strength to a friend, fell off the bar and hurt my spine and head. i'm not going kayaking tomorrow.
 i'm a girl and i'm gonna beast this run and make you all feel like pussies, and then i slip and slide down a rocky ravine.
 i wrote on my soup bag \dead dove do not eat\ and now i'm being kicked out of my house for keeping dead animals in the fridge.
 let a lady friend join me in playing guitar hero on the keyboard, ended up shredding the shit out of the keyboard and getting my ass kicked by the game.
 i don't know if i need to move and i don't even know if i need to move yet. i'm a dumbass.
 don't eat sushi in the middle of the night. it'll make your ass look like it's about to fall out of the sky.
 got drunk on prom night, woke up in bed, didn't know what i did, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn't want to know what i did, woke up in bed, didn'
 teacher died, friend jumped up and down with joy, teacher wasn't there, teacher died, friend didn't have a good day, teacher wasn't there, teacher died, friend didn't have a good day, teacher wasn't there, teacher died, friend didn't have a good day, teacher wasn't there, teacher died, friend didn't have a good day, teacher wasn't there, teacher died, friend didn't have a good day, teacher wasn't there, teacher died, friend didn't have a good day, teacher wasn't there, teacher
 don't stalk your ex's facebook page, or you'll end up stalking your ex's facebook page. also, don't stalk your ex's facebook page, or you'll end up stalking your ex's facebook page.
 i stuck benwahballs in my ass to get off and they didn\u2019t work and i couldn\u2019t feel them in my ass.
 i got caught cheating on my chem final exam, got a b, and got suspended on the last day of my junior year. fuck it.
 i wasted $100 by cutting the wrong side of a gps and can't return it because it's scratched. i'm a dumbass.
 i asked the rich girl in my math class if her boyfriend had gotten her flowers because i thought she was going out with one of my friends. turns out he had broken up with her a few days ago.
 i dropped my phone on the floor, punched it into the stall next to me, put my hand under the stall, and a guy pushed my phone out of his stall into the open.
 i copied and pasted a google doc into a chat room at work, and ended up posting a subreddit of women with huge tits that they were calling udders.
 my old dentist told me i had healthy teeth when i actually had 23 cavities. now i have to pay $3700 for all of my fillings and shit.
 told a guy his cousin was hanging out in his bedroom, he found out, got mad, we did a number of shots, i don't want to remember.
 i posted a summary of a one night stand to my facebook group and my dad saw it. fuck me, i'm a dumbass.
 i had a weird dream where a spider landed on my face and in real life it landed in the piss-water in the toilet and i tried to shake it off.
 used shampoo as lube for the first time, clogged my dick for two days, never used shampoo as lube ever again. i'm 15 so i'm at the peak of puberty.
 ate undercooked food, drank beer, smoked, got drunk, and shit my pants in the middle of the night at a campground. used someone\u2019s shampoo to wipe my ass.
 might not be able to afford to continue at this gym very much longer. might not be able to afford to continue at this gym very much longer. might not be able to afford to continue at this gym very much longer.
 i wore pants with a hole in the front, my crush saw it, and now i don't know if she'll say yes or no.
 read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu.. it's not that long.. just read the tifu..
 i made a joke about raping a woman and now i'm banned from a website that is full of women having sex with animals, necrophilia, and all sorts of inhumane activities.
 flashed my boyfriend's mum, his mum's boyfriend, his two sisters and my boyfriend's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's bf's
 spilled ethidium bromide on my lab bench, didn't want anyone to see me, sprayed chlorox down the bench to clean it up.
 i had a fap and forgot to wash my hand. now my dick looks like a prop for the worst fucking twilight-spinoff ever.
 mixed game of thrones with booze, made an ass of myself at my girlfriends birthday party, woke up in the back yard screaming about how much i wanted to marry her.
 got drunk, blacked out, thought i got robbed, gatekeeper saw a group of thugs circling me, now i'm phoneless, blind, broke and scared to go outside.
 i googled the name of a new guy at work. he knows i know. he probably googled me right now. i'm a dumbass.
 i went to work with a stomach ache, threw up in the sink, and now one of my co-workers is plotting my death as they clean my puke out of a sink.
 i shit my pants in front of my brother and sister-in-law, and i'm pretty sure they think i'm an asshole.
 i left my car door open in an attempt to find a bottle of water in my car, which resulted in a paint mark on the passenger side of our minivan.
 had sex with one of my cousins, woke up naked the next day, had sex with my first cousin the next day, she climbed on me, now one knows i've had sex twice, the other doesn't think i've done it with anyone else.
 i was eating chips, a crumb missed my mouth, and a chip stabbed my nipple, and i felt a sting coming out of my boob.
 perforated my ear drum while swimming, went to college in the midwest, perforated my ear drum again on a plane, thought i was going to die, took pills
 i deleted all of my album artist data last night, now i have to wait on over 3000 songs being updated. i'm in a rush to go to the bank, and i only wanted to put one song on the damn thing... currently at about 1000/3000.
 i was having a really good week, ended up being the biggest disappointment failure of a kid any parent in the world has, and i feel like the most useless person in the world.
 my mom gave me ice cold medicine and i had it on my hand, and now i feel like i'm in the middle of a cold war.
 i drank ice tea with ants in it and now my mug is covered in ants. i've never had an ant problem before. i really wish they chose a different morning
 tried to make friendly small talk with a coworker with an accent, ended up making her feel like a foreigner because i asked where she was from instead of where she was originally from.
 i want her back even with her throwing it in my face. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i
 tifu at work by selling a printer to a man for thirty minutes only to have him ring up his credit card and press cancel and try to ring it out with cash. without taking his cash not realizing what he did then sending him on his way with a free printer :/
 i'm a fan of /r/tifu, but as i was reading my third /r/tifu story i found myself unable to suspend my disbelief. i'm a fan of /r/tifu, but as i was reading my third /r/tifu story i found myself unable to suspend my disbelief. i'm a fan of /r/tifu, but as i was reading my third /r/tifu story i found myself unable to suspend my disbelief. i'm a fan of /r/tifu, but as i was reading my third /r/tifu
 sneezed out of my arse and into my face at the same time in a supermarket, then drove home with a shit load of shit in my car.
 i handed in a bunch of photos of me and my so to a coffee shop, and now i'm waiting to find out what i handed in.
 my phone died, i put it on the charger and plugged it in to itunes, it died and i lost almost 40 self writen songs and poems.
 i pissed myself all over my friends couch after drinking a lot of alcohol and taking a ton of xanax. i'm embarrassed as all fuck.
 turned around at a speed that turns out to be as dangerous as to eventually break my nose, as my face hit the corner of the wall. it felt like a stoney punch from the side. after recovering my senses, i looked in the mirror and realized that my nose is bent now. can't tell if broken but nevertheless, it's an awful feeling to see your nose bent to a certain degree.
 tried to give a guy a hand, ended up saying \let me give you a ha- i mean, um, let me help you with that.\
 i tried to log in to a girl's computer and shut it off. she was cool about it and made it seem like i didn't ruin hours of work.
 i drank a shard of ice out of my water bottle and now i have a bleeding tongue and a taste of blood in my mouth. i'm an idiot.
 i have been in denial of being gay for the past 29 years and have wasted a lifetime of my life because i was too proud to admit i was gay.
 went to goodwill to buy cheap clothes, forgot my backpack, jacket and glasses are gone, and i don't believe they were stolen from my backpack.
 tried to help my chubby sister run, ended up hurting her when i'm supposed to protect her. i feel like shit and my mom is mad at me.
 sent my boss an x-post from the bdsm sub of /r/bdsm and he thought it was an imgur link.
 impersonated an officer to get information about my sister's surgery and got yelled at by an irrate nurse for impersonating an officer and punishable by jail time.
 i\u2019ve missed the vat amount on sales and expenses for a new client because i didn\u2019t keep track of their income and expenses in the vat register.
 ate pancakes at ihop, felt rumbling in my ass, tried to cover it up by sweating and rolling down the window, shit exploded out of my ass.
 i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why i said no. i don't know why
 fell asleep in a lectute and woke up with my head sucked out of it's placement between my shoulders with the force of a giant head sized vacuum.
 i was in the middle of a bike race when i swerved into the middle of the road to get out of the way of a pack that was far enough behind that i could clear out safely in time.
 told a woman with huntington's disease to take her doped up ass out of a rodeo because i thought she was a junkie and i am the biggest asshole in the world.
 ** friend had surgery on his chest, told me he had a [port](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_%28medical%29) removed. i asked him why his hair was so sparse. he stared at me for a second, like a *gollum assuming bilbo has the ring* stare. after everybody else went home he asked me if was that obvious. i replied with \not really.\ we went the rest of the day as usual, did a quick bro-fist/daps, then went 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i fell asleep on the couch, woke up to find my brother masturbating on my computer, and now i feel like my computer has been abused.
 i didn't put the bushwhacker away while having sex and my wife found out and now she won't let me hear the end of it.
 used anti-cavity rinse with black granular stuff in it. spit it out into the sink. black. lots of black. m'fing ants.
 i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a position in a news station... i was interviewing for a
 i fucked up by asking for advice on how to handle shits in the future in an email to my co-workers. *facepalm* * kill me now.
 i dropped a knife on my dick while preparing breakfast in the shower. it was a small knife, so i do not have any terribly bad injuries.
 i forgot to put my car in park and hit my mom's car with it. now i have an 8 hour shift ahead of me and i'm going to suck.
 i told my boss i pleasured myself with my bf and now i'm hiding in my cubical all morning. and plan on keep hiding.
 i accidentally pissed on a random man and his plot of vengeance was to get in a piss war with me. i then yelled that i was sorry and got the fuck outta there.
 i sent my ex's brother a text meant for my gf, the second time i've sent my mom a text meant for the new gf.
 don't be a dumbass like me and leave your phone outside in the rain for an hour or else you'll end up like me.
 called my so's brother's mother a nigga. she was pissed and now i'm not allowed to go over to her house anymore.
 i thought i could hear someone talking down below during a concert, but i couldn't because i couldn't see, so i yelled at him to get off the phone.
 i let a fart pass through my butt cheeks so that when i walked in i dragged the godawful stench with me. everyone could smell it as it walked through the entire room and then back again.
 drank milk on my way to work, ran for about 5 minutes, vomited violently, didn't get late, i'm a lazy person.
 tried to hang out with my crush at a bus rest stop, ended up running into a bicycle rack and nailing myself in the cooch with a corner.
 tl.dr watched porn and locked screen half way through video. next day in lecture and can't shut it up quick enough. whole hall looks at me.
 tried to find a girl to masturbate with on omegle, ended up getting asked to dance around naked and put my cock in her vagina.
 if you're allergic to latex, rub fire on your crotch and then put itching powder on it. it burns like fuck. for 3 weeks.
 gave an old lady five pennies instead of a nickel because i thought a dime was smaller than a nickel, ended up having to take the change machine apart.
 tried to fart in the bathroom, fell on the toilet seat, shit all over the bathroom and the floor, had to clean it all up with my hands.
 i left my wallet in the parking lot of a payday loan place and it got stolen. now i have to pay the rent and i feel like an idiot.
 my friends and i invented a game called \shoe surfing\ it was where you hold on to the truck bed and keep your feet on the ground whilst the driver tries to shake you off. so your in a position where your ass is about 3 or 4 inches off of the ground. i was on for about 3 or 4 minutes, then i feel the worst possible pain ever...in my ass. i scream so loud, and keel over on the ground clutching my asshole. i look down to see a stick as thick as a stereotypical black man's dick next to me. i put piece by piece
 drank too much cheerwine, gagged during sex, saw my cheerwine and dinner for a second time that night. not the most excellent way to end a friday.
 i backed into a garage with the front of my car and am waiting to hear back from the car dealership for an estimate to fix the damage. fun fact my car is a 2013 that i have had a little over three months and this is the third damaging incident i have, and by far the worst.
 i dislocated my kneecap during an exercise in my performance studies class and have to wear a knee brace and see a physical therapist. i'm 19 years old.
 left my wallet at a friend, had to run back and set my wallet on fire, all was good until i arrived home and checked my pockets. i had lost my buds
 i laughed at my boss's ass cheeks and now he might think i'm an asshole. i hope he doesn't judge me.
 tried to take a piss at work, pissed all over my apron and jeans and convinced my boss that i forgot my apron at home, even though she saw me with it on earlier that shift.
 i broke a china cabinet while moving it and the lady was not very happy about it. i'm a dumbass and i didn't get a good tip.
 i broke a glass at a party by playing dominos and throwing it on the floor. it shattered and everyone in the party saw what i was doing.
 went surfing, threw my keys in the water, car got stolen, waiting to see if it will be taken to a chop shop or not. fml.
 i put a cold hardboiled egg in the microwave and it blew up in my mouth because i didn't know its not ok to put hardboiled eggs with their shells on in the microwave because pressure will build up in the shell and then blow up in your face...
 don't drink before you go to class, you will get 2x as fucked up as you will get from the same amount i just started on a new ssri (anti depressant) which specifically calls for no alcohol consumption, as you will get 2x as fucked up from the same amount
 i drank a bottle of gingerbeer thinking it was the sun, it was a plumber relieving himself in a bottle from the recycling, and i boaked.
 hit it off well with a girl at a party, then did nothing about it for a month. turns out she's in a relationship with someone.
 didn't know much about birds, enrolled in an ornithology class. professor didn't give us any study guide or clue as to how the final would be. ended up failing the class.
 i dropped my phone in a puddle, and now it has a spiderweb crack in the top right corner of the screen, and i have no idea how to fix it.**
 didn't trim my beard in time for a job interview, shaved the rest of my face in the car and ran late. didn't get the job.
 dreamt i was using the bathroom, ran my hand over the carpet and pissed myself, woke up to find i was stroking the carpet and pissing myself.
 i didn't open the window when taking a shower and almost suffocated to death on water vapor from the extractor fan/heat lamp in the shower.
 i didn't graduate in time, now i have to graduate in spring and can't undo my cancellation because i didn't graduate in time.
 i listened to stoner metal in the middle of the night and now my roommate thinks i'm an occultist. i don't know what to do.
 got icy hot spray on my ball sack, can't get it off, can't ride it out, anyone know of a way to get it off?
 i fucked up my bridge pins and now i cant play my guitar. [this is what i discovered...](http://i.imgur.com/4nbjll4.jpg)
 ate roach nibbled food next day has a terrible stomach ache and fever.somehow manage to pull it through.but was a really fucked up day.
 i ate a red hot chili pepper, got it on my balls, and tried to neutralize it with milk and cream. it didn't work.
 got a train ticket for a place before my stop, it flashed red when i tried to get out, barriers were open for a split second so i snuck through and caused a jam.
 long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore. long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore. long time lurker fucking thrilled i'm not anymore.
 my boss asked me to bring his fancy smart television home after work, and i followed him home from a safe distance. i mash the cd button with the force of a minotaur and ram his car at a green light.
 i installed a program to boot tf2 on linux and now i can't get it back to normal. i'm a dumbass.
 i got caught by my step mom with some weed and may be kicked out of my family's house and banned from doing anything for the rest of my life.
 i told my wife she needed to scrub harder to look like she had cleaned the tub, and i spent the next two hours cleaning all of the bathrooms.
 i took a giant poo that clogged my toilet and decided to plunge it into a light bowl. it dripped all over my mom's head and into our laundry room.
 i am a dumbass trying to close audrey bitoni's video gallery on my 52inch led tv and i am a bit drunk.
 masturbated, saw a white thing coming out of my dick, pulled it out, now have a red spot on the crease of my foreskin and ow.
 i fucked up by talking out my ass at a party about a friend who was let go from a job i got him from, and now i don't know what to do.
 got drunk, tried to have sex with my drunk best friend, ended up having sex with my drunk roomate, and then having sex with my drunk roomate.
 ate too much, got food poisoning, shit myself on the couch, wife cleans it up, i join the ranks of the shittiest people on this subreddit.
 tried to save time by ordering a subway as late as possible, order was voided and re-entered, card machine stopped working, had to walk 70 metres to get to the bus stop i needed.
 i made the mayor, a cop, a world war two veteran, a korean war veteran, and the principal laugh at a remembrance day service by saying \shit!\
 i left a mental sticky note on my phone, woke up to a call from an unknown number, and the person on the other end of the phone asked me if i knew anyone who worked there, or if i was applying for work.
 didn't want to go to class, went to the mall, met a girl i went to high school with, she clung to me to cause apparently i was one of her best friends.
 i insulted cracked.com's editors in the comment section of an article and got banned from the site because i didn't apologize and retract my statements.
 ate thai last night, forgot about it the day after, woke up with an asshole on fire, now i'm on faiyah.
 pissed all over a brand new bed and my girlfriend in a dream. didn't even drink last night. didn't even buy a waterproof liner.
 read a reddit post about sex and laughed at someone giving a speech in front of the class. i am an asshole. fuck reddit.**
 i thought i could swim to the other side of the pool, but i lost all my stamina in the middle of the pool, where it was 5m deep.
 i bumped the button on the security alarm at work and now the store could be fined for a false alarm. i'm a fucking dumbass.
 peed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker, laughed like a motherfucker.
 didn't check class availability, now i can't take my general bio class for the spring semester, and i'm looking like i'm lookin' at 2.5
 got drunk, masturbated, and got a giant cum stain on the front of a hoodie. went to return it and the lady saw it.
 shaved my pubes at work, got really irritated, applied gold bond to the affected area, burned like hell, had to wear ice shavings for an hour and a half.
 i told the dean of students that my parents are trying to withdraw me without my consent and that i'm up shit creek without a paddle because they're assholes.
 i hide my vibrator in my hiking boots. my friend borrowed my hiking boots and found my vibrator in them. i don't know what i'm going to do.
 i used nair to shave my pubes and now it feels like i dipped my balls in acid. i'm a dumbass and i don't want to go to the hospital.
 i put my suitcase on the overhead rack and caused rock-salt to rain down on a girl's hair and everywhere. she was too pissed off to respond.
 i drank a lot of rum, ate a lot of chilli con cane and vomited all over my friend's family's new house.
 knocked my alarm off while sleeping, missed my first ever college track meet, and had to call my coach back to tell him i was feeling shitty.
 i was invited to a girl's birthday party, met her autistic brother, played just dance 4 with him, and now i feel like a potatolord.
 forgot my keys, had to walk 7 blocks to my brothers high school in a little ass jacket on a cold chicago day. missed a test that day.
 that was the first--and last--creepypasta i've ever read. that was the scariest fucking thing i've ever read.
 i tried to comb my beard, ended up stabbing myself in the face with a comb tooth, then pulled the comb with such force that the tooth bent back and tore my flesh into a 1/4 inch deep tear dropped shaped puncture wound.
 i blew raspberries on my manfriend's bellybutton and got his bellybutton lint in my mouth. now i'm waiting for the wine to kill the bacteria i got from his bellybutton.
 i poured salt on my friend's phone and caused it to break, so i had to pay her 60 bucks for it's repair and upgrade.
 got way too drunk at a party, puked all over my bed, slept on my bare mattress, and lost my phone and keys in the process.
 i walked in on my roommate and a girl ripping off each other's clothes, then i smoked a joint with them in the middle of the night.
 i accidentally hit the \refresh\ button on my galaxy s4 while watching porn, and the sound of a girl taking it blasted through the church.
 had a hot bath, fainted, hit my head on the toilet seat, hit my leg on a cabinet, now i can\u2019t put things in my pocket.
 sent sexy pictures to my mom instead of my boyfriend, and now she thinks i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole.
 i shared a greentext story about a retarded kid trying to pass through a stopped train, with my friend's son having just been diagnosed with autism.
 my bf farted in my car, and i coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and coughed and cough
 i fucked up by telling my friends about gta v and now i have to wait a whole other week for it i fucked up by telling my friends about gta v and now i have to wait a whole other week for it i fucked up by telling my friends about gta v and now i have to wait a whole other week for it i fucked up by telling my friends about gta v and now i have to wait a whole other week for it i fucked up by telling my friends about gta v and now i have to wait a whole other week for it
 i got a spoiler warning for a show i'm watching from netflix and am currently in a weeks long marathon. i'm an asshole.
 brought up a fleshlight during class, everyone assumes i have one, professor asked me to bring one into class, i showed her a picture of one on my phone, she asked me to email her the link to the site.
 mom left her truck running in a handicapped spot on father's day, a disabled veteran came into the restaurant and lectured her on parking in handicap spaces.
 i was supposed to have an interview with a bank for a helpdesk position at 3:00 pm, but i showed up at 2:45 pm. now i don't know if i screwed up somewhere or whether my perspective employer got the time wrong.
 if i did i might try to purse such a thing. if i did i might try to purse such a thing. i only wish i deserved to have a romantic involvement with her.
 kitten bit me, i threw it against the bookshelf, broke the kitten's leg, girlfriend thinks the book crushed the kitten. i feel like shit.
 don't poop at work, you'll end up with a palm-sized poop streak inside the bowl and you won't be able to scrub it off.
 i wrote trannie on my friend's computer case and now she has to present something with her computer and the teacher is looking at my ass.
 i didn't know there was an expiration date on my online mcat course, and now i'm paying the price for not knowing about it.
 i drank six shots of vodka and puked all over my best friend's new subaru impreza. he was pissed and played a great show.
 tifu by not realizing there was no doorknob before i closed the door to take a shower. i ended up having to jump out of the window to get out.
 i hooked up with my best friend's ex-bf, who lied to me that he and the sister were no longer together, and they were no longer fucking.
 don't drink coffee if you don't react well to it. it will make you feel like you've been stabbed in the back.**
 went wakeboarding, caught a 30 mph changeup, split my ear in half, got stitches, dad's day was a good one. [nsfw (slight blood)](http://imgur.com/dnrpjbi) [for being a good sport getting stitches!](http://imgur.com/otcy5pu)
 cut my knee open on the back of my friend's bike, left my phone in a cab and couldn't contact anyone while i was in hospital.
 i didn't want to meet up with a girl i haven't seen in a while, so i ate taco bell and shit my pants.
 didn't pay attention to where i was squatting and ended up with an itchy ass and stinging nettles on my hand and in my ass.
 tried to walk my dog down a log, fell on my shoulder, and now i have a broken asshole. don't walk your dog down a log.
 ate nuts over the weekend, peed all over myself at work and am currently sitting in my own piss trying to get a break and change in my lunch break.
 i don't think i'll be able to use my butthole for a long time. but at least i haven't reset the counter.
 i got drunk and posted screenshots of my ex talking to a guy on facebook and the police called and told me i could be prosecuted for harassment for that.
 got drunk, pissed my pants, blacked out in my little sister's bed, and left the house hungover with my skinny pee pants in a bag.
 i put petrol in an oil tank thinking it would go with a mower, it didn't and i had to have my dad come home and fix it.
 tried to make pork chops with mash potatoes, ended up crushing them in my hands with a saucepan full of boiling water. i'm a dumbass.
 i tried to step over a navel-high fence and ended up stabbing my butthole, tainting my sack, and farting all over myself.
 i told a kids favorite coach that he had sex with a hot girl 4 years ago when she was a senior and he didn't think it was true.
 i fucked up by starting a snowblower that hadn't run for 18 months and blew the connecting rod. i'm a dumb fuck and i deserve to be told so.
 my mother sniffed my cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice deep whif. not realizing what it was, she took my smelly, crisp cum sock and took a nice
 i broke my leg playing a game of kickball in my strength training class by sticking my foot in front of me and running back to home and hitting the wall.
 i took a monster dump, and my ass had itched so bad that i couldn't go back into class with it. i improvised and put toilet paper on the skidmarks, but it didn't work.
 got drunk on my 19th birthday, puked all over my girlfriends house, vomited everywhere in my car, and wrote a quiz in puke-covered jeans.
 i got scammed and had to pay 50 euro for a ticket i didn't have. i also didn't have a eurail pass so they took my money.
 added \50 lbs monkey chow\ to my friend's shopping list, he thought it was one of his friends from out of state that was visiting a few weeks earlier, messing with him, and called my friend's mother to complain. he was so mad, he fired her on the spot.
 i paid a guy to take nudes of me, he threatened to send them to family and workmates and i didn't have my own paypal.
 don't join a dating site if you've never met a girl before, and don't join if you've never met a girl before.
 watched nsfw, found out the school's youtube account is tied to the teacher's email address, and i'm pretty sure someone has been using it.
 ate fried rice, projectile vomited, peed myself and made a yellow lake in the bathroom. twins stayed in the hospital for one more week.
 i smashed my car into the back of a guy's car at a traffic light and have to put out a couple hundred dollars to fix the damage.
 thought i had to fart. it wasn't silent. it wasn't loud. it wasn't silent. it wasn't loud.
 i accidentally called an overweight woman fat, and now she thinks i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'
 went in my butt, ignored the urge to shit, shit on my friend's sweat pants, he doesn't know and i'm to ashamed to tell him.
 my gf asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum rag, she asked me to bust on her tits, i gave her a cum
 i put 3% hydrogen peroxide in my eye without reading the label and now my eye is a little bloodshot and i can't see out of it.
 plugged headphones adapter into usb heard and short circuited my laptop, now i can't watch porn or listen to music in the middle of the night.
 i locked myself out of my housemate's house while she was away and the housemate's cat is gone. i have no idea what to do.
 took a shot of whiskey, poured it all over myself and almost puked. now i don't want to drink or have a cigarette ever again.
 tried to lose weight by eating a pint of ben and jerry's at a time, ate half a pint and got a soda with it.
 ate at cici's, had a shitty time in the bathroom, went to work at 1am and felt like i was in hell.
 i accidentally showed my daughter a picture of my husband's dick while she was watching a show on the roku. i'm an idiot.
 put slippers on without socks, pulled out a dead mouse that had been squashed by my bare heel. went to the gym later and saw a sign that warned of a mouse infestation- a little late for that.
 went to catch the bus, got on the wrong bus, forgot my memory stick, had to run back up to the class i was in to get the memory stick back, missed my bus, hot girl walks over and starts waiting at the stop with me, i smile, she smiles back, bus gets there and i ask her if she smells pomegranates.
 i got my iphone stuck in my anus and had to pay for it to be fixed. it's the third time i have had to pay for it to be fixed.
 tried to convince my gf to swallow my dick, she accidentally aimed it at my face and it went through my face, lip, and ear.
 went to bed masturbating at 2:00 am, woke up at 7:00 am, went to work, heard kagney linn carter moaning on my speakers.
 tifu at the san jose sharks game by flipping my boyfriend's hat around so that it was backwards. when he proceeded to flip it around, i said (very loudly) \oh, you're not going to be that douchebag with the hat backwards?!\
 tried to fart in my pants, ended up shitting my pants, but managed to catch all of the excrement in my hand and my boxers were dry.
 don't try to get high with a girl you don't know, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you, or she's going to get high with you,
 told a friend co-founder of reddit tried that to make him feel better, turns out it was just me trying to make him feel better, but still.
 i said \on the rape train\ in front of my professor and now everyone around me thinks i'm a creep and wont look at me.
 i'm a slut.. and i'm married.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut.. and i'm a slut..
 got drunk, sleepwalked, crawled into a girl's bedroom, and left her room in a state of oh my sweet baby jeebus why.
 tifu by giving a customer \u00a360 without checking if she'd paid, and now my manager is going to bring the police into the situation and get the money back from her.
 went to help a friend, ended up kissing my friend, broke everyone's trust, and my girlfriend didn't want anything to do with me for a while.
 my dad had to pay some bills and he asked to use my laptop, i happily obliged, opened my laptop and there, full screen was porn.
 went to fair with ex-wife, ex-brother-in-law, ex-sister-in-law, ex-brother-in-law's family.
 tried to push my housemate's dog off a table, ended up jamming my cigarette on my wrist and now have a nice burn on my wrist.
 i ate bread with the beginning of mold and now i wanna throw up. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 i got into a fight with my in-laws and now my relationship with my in-laws will probably get even worse because i'm an asshole.
 i peed myself in front of the toilet while waiting for the ending credits of a movie to start, and then proceeded to wet my pants and boots.
 cousin locked us out of his house while we were taking his dog for a ride in the car. we had to call roadside assistance to unlock the doors.
 i had an asthma attack at 3.00 a.m., went to use my inhaler, got an upset stomach, took a huge shit, didn't have toilet paper, shit all over the floor.
 tried to find out what it felt like to cum on my face, got it all over my eyes and now i feel the shame every time i blink.
 i had a sexual encounter with my best friend's sister, and i feel like i'm betraying our friendship due to it. i can't do anything about it because i know it would alter our relationship as friends.
 didn't wash my hands before touching my junk, got habaneros all over my dick and crotch, had the most excruciating pain of my life.
 got drunk, masturbated in bed with my dad, told him i was nigger multiple times, now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 i didn't pay for bloodwork at the doctor's office, and now i'm gonna have to pay $12 on my mom's bill.
 tifu by going over a girl's ass and directly into her eye, probably won't be able to do it again for a while.
 i crashed my bike into a gold-medal paralympian's handcycle in a race against the clock, and now i feel like an asshole.
 mom thinks i'm gay, teacher thinks i'm gay, mom thinks i'm gay, teacher thinks i'm gay, mom thinks i'm gay.
 projector's fan was blowing warm air on me and i decided to turn the projector in the other direction so the warm air wouldn't be hitting my face. turns out i was not paying attention to the meeting and everyone was paying attention to the graphs shown by the projector.
 i went to the beach, got 2nd degree burns, lied to my employer, and will be missing 4 days of work and $177.67 worth of payment.
 i broke my motherboard and now my parents think i'm a dumbass and i'm going to have to spend more money to fix it.
 tried to take my blind dog outside to do her last business before bed, locked myself out of the house and had to walk the dog up and down the block for 45 minutes to an hour.
 mom walked in and i accidentally clicked on a booty shaking video and told her it was the one i was watching. then to make matters worse i tried to click away from it real quick and told my mom [this](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64v_sjd3rhk) was the one i was watching and accidentally clicked the wrong video again (another hot booty shaking video)! now my mom thinks i have some kind of sick butt fetish, and she wont look me in the eye.
 i lost all my money from last night because i'm drunk and don't know what to do. i'm quitting drinking after tonight.**
 i rejected a woman that was in love with me. i feel that i broke her heart. i'm an asshole. i'm sorry.
 i ate a peanut butter and banana sandwich with orange juice instead of chocolate milk, spent half an hour feeling like i was going to throw up, and took a shit.
 i got a migraine, woke my mom up, took an ibuprofen pill, upchucked acid, fell asleep in the chair and don't remember anything after that.
 laughed so hard that i spit my own coffee out of my coffee cup. it tasted a bit odd, but i'm glad i didn't spit it out all over my desk.
 i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off! i am tired and sore and i am taking tomorrow off!
 i made my brother go \ching chog bong bing bong\ in a really stereotypical asian voice in front of a random asian guy at the mall.
 ate some habenero peppers on an empty stomach and now i have a hemorrhoid and i feel like i have to poop from the coffee.
 i dropped my laptop on the floor and now i can't get out of this shit hole by going back to masters. fuck my actual life.
 i sniffed my friend's armpit during a video call and accidentally tabbed back into the window while he was asking me what the fuck i was doing.
 coffee pot exploded sending hot shit water everywhere, including my pants. scared me so that i yanked the coffee pot up for some reason thinking an elevated coffee pot would stop the flow of hot coffee from the two openings smacking the holster sending coffee grinds all over including my face.
 i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope i don't get fired. i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope i don't get fired. i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope i don't get fired. i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope i don't get fired. i didn't have an approved change, so i now i must face the music and hope i don'
 tifu by cutting my ballsack with a scissors i didn't have and now i have to have sex with the girl i have been dating for a few months.
 tried to be friends with my ex, ended up making out with him while his friend was sleeping next to us, and he's been crushing on another girl.
 i put pepper flakes on all three slices of frozen pizza and they ended up rubbing against my anus and i had to wipe it with my bare hands.
 itunes fucked up my computer, and now i have to reatart it. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck itunes. fuck
 gps app didn't work, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop, got off at the wrong stop,
 i sleep-walked and locked myself out of my hotel room at 1 a.m. because i didn't have the foresight to grab my room keycard.
 blew a bubble in my smoothie, got bloodshot eyes, showed up late for class, now everyone thinks that i'm the class stoner =(
 i fucked up by flirting with a girl i like, and now i have to decide if i'm going to stay with her or crush her feelings.
 i didn't get the ladies insurance information after an accident and now i have $2000 dollars worth of repairs to do on my car because i didn't.
 i'm 25 years old and had to call my wife to bring a pair of pants and underwear to me at work. good thing most people were out of the office today.
 went to a party, drank a lot of alcohol, brought a palm tree on the bus, pissed it down, had a cig and massage the cyclops.
 i moved my computer to watch netflix and it bounced a bit and killed it. now i can't get a job and can't fill out job applications.
 i should have saved until next week so i could float from check to check. i ended up putting most of my check into my bills and food. i'm left with almost no money until next week.
 laughed at a racist joke while watching django on a plane, black guy thinks i'm a gang member and drilling a hole in the side of my head for the rest of the flight.
 i left my ipad on the blacktop of my car and it ended up in the back of my wife's car while we were driving down the road.
 i got flirty with a friend of mine and my dream girl knew the whole time. i told her tonight and our future is now uncertain. fml.
 i left my bedroom window wide open on the 4th of july and a swarm of flies swarmed my room and scared the shit out of my parents and sister.
 i gave two weeks of my time to a married manager who told me he wanted to talk to me. i told him to talk to his wife. he told his wife today he's leaving her.
 i was under pressure, forgot to make sure my truck was in park, and ended up scrapping the bumper of a dodge caravan behind me before i put it into park.
 a fly landed on my soda, i tried to kill it with a sandal, but it landed on my nuts. i'm a fucking idiot.
 tried to be funny, ended up being an asshole to a guy and his wife, and now they think i'm an asshole.
 i put a pad on sticky side up and my pubes got stuck to it and i had to pull it off as fast as i could to get them off.
 i asked my friend if she had her number and if he was single, because he's \fiiiiiiiiine!\ she then turned to me with a solemn expression and said, \that's my nephew. he tripped, hit his head on a rock, 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 brought my girlfriend to meet my friends, found out she was cheating on me, forgave her, she kept insisting for me to meet her friends, i told her to fuck off, hung up on her and never contacted her again.
 i tripped on my headphones cord while taking off my headphones and ripped the cord off my jack in my computer. now i have to pay $150 for a new headphone cord.
 i don't want to look like a dick, but i don't think it's acceptable to insult all of our intelligences'.
 cut my balls with scissors, bled for a while, tried to have sexytimes with gf, ended up having sexytimes with gf.
 i tried to have the sweetest cum in the western hemisphere by this weekend and ended up having the sweetest cum in the western hemisphere the next day.
 played dodgeball in gym class, broke my jaw and fractured the lower part of my sine when i jumped on top of the ball and slammed into the ground.
 i pissed in an empty beer cup, took a sip of it, it was my own piss and not someone else's. i'm an asshole.
 i went to my friend s house to see what he was up to and ended up seeing his gf and his gf f**king.
 don't do the hair flippy thingy when you're feeding a one month old. it will whiplash your neck and make you look like an idiot.
 i was late for an interview and shit my pants in the middle of the interview because i didn't have time to tie my shoes and fix my tie.
 got into a fight with 90 drunk high school kids and now i can't go to college and have to come up with 1200$ to fix the damages.
 i deleted my phone's sd card and now i have 11gb of free space i can't use and i'm a dumbass.
 my phone automatically uploads all my pictures to my dropbox, and now i can't get them back because i shared them with my classmates and now my colleagues.
 i ate too much sugar-free mints and ended up having the worst night of my life and now i'm downing all the water i can.
 i went to the wrong class and did an exam that was worth 50% of the final grade, and now i can't do the exam because i was in the wrong class.
 i threw a pear at the garbage and it bounced off the ceiling, leaving a blue stain. i tried to cover it up with semi-gloss paint.
 i threw a slider at my elbow, and got suspended for two games by the ihsa. i'm a fucking idiot. fuck baseball.
 put shampoo in my hands and rubbed it on my face because i might be retarded. i was helen keller for a good five minutes.**
 my teacher asked a question about a video game made in japan titled \rapeplay\ where the goal of the game is to rape girls. he then explained that it was completely legal, 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i climbed a ladder, and now my arms feel like they're on fire, and it hurts to touch anything. also, don't climb ladders if you don't know what they are.
 got high for the first time in months, sat in the master control alone for an hour high, alone, and pissed off at myself for trying to save my radio show from being akward.
 i swallowed a tampon because i was bulimic, had to go to the er because urgent care couldn't do it, and now i have a huge hospital bill.
 i stuck an electronic meat fork in the dishwasher, shut it off, and it wouldn't turn on. my brother spilled the beans, and they didn't seem mad at all.
 i put my keys down in the wrong spot and they fell into a hole behind my headlight and i had to get my roommate to work late because of it
 i took my girlfriend to the beach, she fell on top of me and i scraped my face, she had to go home and i went to a party with a mark on my left eye.
 my mom walked in on me demonstrating how to do the truffle shuffle, and i had to explain to her that it's not cool to do it.
 i trusted my boyfriend to clip my nipple with a flat iron and now i have a very sore nipple that looks like a bowtie around it and i'm sitting at home without a bra.
 gave my teacher the wrong thumb drive, gave her a serbian film i downloaded as a joke, and was going to give it to a friend.**
 i may have to wait until january to start school. all of the classes that i had signed up for early will go away and be a waste. the hundreds of dollars i spent on reserving a dorm will be wasted. nothing is going the way it should.
 went to a diner with my fwb, got frisky, shorts slid down my legs as new customers walked in, swore like a sailor with tourette's.
 hydrocodone and a fat toke made me hallucinate at work, and i was tackled out of my chair by my boss. then i got a lecture from my girlfriend.
 got drunk, tried to hop out of a truck, fucked up my acl, can't go to the doctor till 3am. thank the lord that i'm drunk.
 i tried to fix my sink, got hot water in my face, and caused a geyser to erupt in my apartment. the fire department had to show up.
 i pissed on my friend's arm and he took a lot of showers the next day. i'm not sure if i'll ever see him again.
 tried to pull off a hangnail on my toe, ended up peeling the nail off halfway down and leaving me with a pink skin rash under the nail.
 i shit my pants because i was sick and didn't know what diarrhea was and i didn't know i had a fever and a bad cold.
 i went for a run, a bird came in and ripped out a lot of my hair, i broke my arm and my step-sister drove me to the hospital.
 i don't think i'll be able to use it for a while. i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to use it again.
 i sent a text to my dad that was meant for my dealer. my dad got the text and im not worried about him. im just worried about my step mom finding it.
 can we convince the mods/admins to update the fuotw more frequently? there have been some classic fuckups in the past few weeks and it'd be great to see them on the sidebar.
 i licked my girlfriend's hand while she was cleaning up a patients piss and now she's going to have to have a tongue transplant in the near future.
 i left my guitar on my expensive headphones, and ripped my jeans while sitting in the sex hall with a friend of mine, who is also a guy.
 fell asleep with my crush in her bed, she didn't like it and now she doesn't talk to me. i feel like the biggest idiot there ever was
 i dropped an egg in my ramen, broke the yolk, and now i'm having an abortion. [abortion](http://seenly.com/ggkrflap.jpg)
 i tried to make a fire with gasoline and ended up spreading it all over my lawn and getting my dad mad for a week. i fucked up reddit.
 i got kicked out of my hotel room for being a frat, and had to pay $250 in fines and reimbursing a russian lady who had filed all of the noise complaints.
 got drunk, made out with a transgender escort, found out she was an escort, haven't decided whether or not to laugh or hang myself.
 used icy-hot at tennis practice, scraped it on my ass, had to go through two-and-a-half hour practice with burning asscheeks.
 i hit on a 17 year old girl in front of a bunch of old people, and my dad told me to go out and fuck my cousin.
 i left the door to the warehouse open, my dog found her way in, and now i'm stuck at work for another 5 hours with it.
 i tried to vacuum the kitten room and ended up spilling the vacuum's contents onto the floor and spilling the garbage bag onto the floor, causing it to tip over.
 car jerked back, scared the hell out of my daughter, fell face first into garage door. she's fine, i'm a monster.
 i ate the whole thing and it was so bad i sneezed and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it was so bad i couldn't swallow it and it
 stepped on a plug, cut my foot open, blood everywhere, can't do anything for my birthday for two weeks, it's a viral infection
 it fell off on the motorway hit a car and almost caused a huge accident. the ladder was destroyed in the process. scared the shit out of me.
 i went to the shore to see a girl, she wanted me there so bad, she was begging me to come, she was not txting me back, i couldn't go to her place because i didnt know the address, got drunk, threw up, fell asleep on my friends couch in my boxers.
 i raised my hand in class and now my mom thinks i'm a pedophile and i'm gonna get expelled for being athiest.
 i synced my ipod to my computer and didn't back it up, and now i don't have any pictures or music from my teen years.
 sat down on my balls in front of a room full of people and now they will probably think i'm a pedophile and think i'm an asshole.
 traded a guy for a sprint phone, clean esn but he forgot to deactivate it from his account. my phone that im replacing 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i knocked a lizard off balance and decapitated it with a shovel, and now it's in my back yard with a dog who thinks it's his new toy.
 Unknown error},
 bought a broken end table at a flea market for $10, liked the design of it, and figured i'd slap some paint on it and make it pretty.
 i'm a dumbass and got my phone stolen and a bird shat on my head while standing outside handing out coupons in the middle of winter.
 sneezed in a hot girl's mouth and now she won't talk to me again and i'm new at this school and don't know many people.
 i cut my sister's finger off while trying to go to the bathroom and she had to have it reattached. i still feel bad for cutting off her finger
 ate a block of chocolate, forgot i had an old needle on my insulin pen, cut my wrist open with my arm and bled all over the place.
 had sex with my girlfriend, didn't remember how i fell asleep, she told me i fell asleep with my erect penis on the bed and the dog licked it.
 crashed my car while doing 110-120km/h in a 50km/h area, hit a tree, then hit another tree. car is totally screwed up.
 don't pour milk in your butthole, you'll burn your butthole and you won't be able to use it for a while.
 made a joke about putting a whale in my hamburger, got bombarded with anti whaling propaganda and signed up to an organisation with a fake name and address, then walked away.
 i decided to try a zip line in the dark and ended up smashing my head into a bmw's driver side door. all in all, it turned out fine.
 i shit so much at a friend's house that it looked like a cow's shit and now i'm not allowed over and the toilet may be broken.
 i parked next to a curb with a streetlamp on it, but didn't think anything of it. i started backing out when i felt my car stop, then i started to hear and feel the scraping of my right bumper. i park the car where it is and get out in a frenzy and realize what's going on. my car is literally trapped by the right bumper on this large curb. i then re-park it to examine just what the hell happened and i ended up putting a huge dent in the right side along with horrendous scuffs and scratches to the paint.
 my car and my roommate's car ended up in a fender bender because i misjudged the distance between my car's front bumper and my roommate's car's rear bumper and ended up bumping into it. now there are scratches on both our cars (mine got it worse), and i'm trying to figure out the next step.
 forgot to close sunroof, 4 inches of snow in my car and a squirrel. illinois is literally the shittiest place on earth eating mcdonalds in shame in the library
 i'm the little brother of a guy who died in a car crash in high school and i didn't realize it until i was in line at starbucks.
 went out drinking with friends, spilled my guts about how i was jealous of her boyfriend and how i still had feelings for her, puked in the toilet.
 ate taco bell and a smoothie, it wasn't sitting very well and when my grandma came in, i panicked and shit my self. it wasn't normal shit it was taco-bell-smoothie shit.
 i let my virgin gf try to deepthroat me on a full stomach and things did not end well forgot to mention, i almost shit myself a little while before, will give the details if this
 i gave my friend a hug and she projectile vomited down my back and had explosive diarrhea in her pants. she backed away from me before i could react, tripped over a rug, and split her head open on a table.
 my fiance's grandmother jumped out of bed and into the living room while i was in the bedroom watching a raunchy comedy about 2 guys chasing a playboy bunny.
 put gas on the right pump instead of the wrong pump and a guy was taken to jail for driving on suspended. i'm a dumbass.
 phone died, left purse downstairs all night, car was still there when i ran down from my apt praying to the sweet baby jesus it and my car were still there.
 thought train was leaving, commando dived on train, ruined my clothes and friends computer, train didnt leave for 10 minutes, ruined my clothes and my friends computer
 held a glass to my head on a hot day, tripped over my dog and smashed the glass and my head on the ground. ended up with 30 stitches on my face and 10 on my hands.
 my friend's voice changed and she punched me in the arm because i asked how her voice was still gone and she continued talking to whoever she was.

 i cut a huge part of my finger off with a broken glass measuring cup and had to cut the blood off with my earphone cord to get a band-aid.
 tried to warm up the car, ended up shattering the back window and cutting my co-worker's wrist on the jagged edge of the broken glass.
 didn't take requited sat tests, may not be able to apply to mit, have to rewrite an essay for another college, and my mom won't pay for requited sat tests.
 i pissed the bed for the first time in 15 years after taking a piss in the middle of the night. i'm 20 and haven't pissed the bed for 15 years.
 don't do backbends in front of people you don't know. they'll think you're an asshole and ruin your night.
 i drank a spoonful of bactidol thinking it was robitussin but it was bactidol, not robitussin.**
 sister cleans closet, finds bag full of sexy stuff, can't look her in the eyes anymore. i don't know what to do.
 i fucked up by not paying attention on an icy road and now my dad thinks i'm lying about how shit went down. i'm a dumbass.
 didn't have a password on my phone, got it back, found messages to my mother saying i'd come all over her tits xxx.
 stepped into the shower, found a spider under my foot, flushed him down the drain to wash away the crunchy feeling. it didn\u2019t work... it is now many hours later and the thought of that crunchy feeling is still giving me shivers.
 didn't pass bar exam, got job, didn't pass bar exam, got job, didn't pass bar exam, got job, lost job.
 beagle dragged his ass all over my face, and i had to clean up poo all over a white carped from a proud dog. fml.
 i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't pay attention to a thread and now i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't pay attention to a thread and now i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't pay attention to a thread and now i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't pay attention to a thread and now i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't pay attention to a thread and now i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't pay attention to a thread and now i'm going to vomit everywhere because i didn't
 i had a bad sneeze and shat my pants in class. my sister had two of her friends that were in my grade know i shat my pants.
 coworker got lost for hours, didn\u2019t call anyone to pick her up, her family called the police because no one had seen her since friday night.
 tried to make tea out of pine needles, ended up drinking yew tea, which has been used as a form of suicidal poison for years, and almost died.
 i masturbated while my roommate's dog was at the foot of my bed, and left the door open to clearly hear if my man took a break. 5 minutes in, my roommate welcomes himself into my room, and screams. like a little fucking girl. this causes my boyfriend and other roommates to run in also, to see what's going on. this causes my boyfriend and other roommates to run in also, to see what's going on. this causes my boyfriend and other roommates to run in also, to see what's going on. this causes my boyfriend and other roommates to run in also
 went to liquor store with fake id, cousolar thinks i'm a pedophile, i throw the bottle in my car and walk into another store to make it look less suspicious.
 took a chug from a bottle full of magnesium sulfate, spent $2 at the gym to buy my own bottle of water. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to stretch out during an exam, tripped an old lady, she thought she broke her hip and had to be carried out on a stretcher in front of 200 people.
 sucked my girlfriend's clit into my mouth while she was sucking on my dick and it turned out to be a hickey. now it hurts.
 took some cough syrup, passed out and woke up with weird sensations in my muscles. can't get it out of my system. i'm a dumbass.
 took a test in class, had to piss, set my bag in a puddle of piss water, bag smells like piss, can't wait to take bag home and give it a good cleaning.
 don't take common cold medicine if you have a runny nose or you'll end up with a sinus infection. also, don't take decongestants if you have a runny nose or you'll end up with a sinus infection.
 had one of the best nights of my life with a hot german girl, ended up bleeding all over her vagina and had to pay 10 euros for a morning after pill.
 i told my roommate that it wasn't possible to room with him since he's not a student manager (some weird reason) yesterday was my day off, so i was playing some heroes of newerth in the library. i get a text from my supervisor that someone has moved into her apartment that's not supposed to. i also got a text from my old roommate saying that he just got into an apartment that had girly packaging and stuff, and mentioned the room number which was my supervisors room. since i was in the middle of a game, i kept playing, and didn't respond to either of them until
 took a muscle relaxer at work, passed out in a break room, couldn't walk for 2 seconds at a time because of my unconsciousness.
 she tripped and lost two teeth because of me :( she tripped and lost two teeth because of me :( she tripped and lost two teeth because of me :( she tripped and lost two teeth because of me :(
 i broke my 3 year long boycott of steam by buying a game that was released by ea, and now i feel like i'm a scumbag.
 didn't check final schedule online and ended up missing my final by an hour and a half. now i have to make up my final on tuesday.
 locked myself out of the house, couldn't get back in, tried to break in through access door, ended up with a spare key in my car.
 i tried to give advice to my friend, he got defensive, and i told my friend that he is sensitive, he got very angry and left.**
 i suggested a \break\ with my bf. he didn't realize it was a big deal. i didn't realize he actually did have a party.
 i feel like a dick because i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick. i feel like a dick because i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick. i feel like a dick because i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick. i feel like a dick because i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick. i feel like a dick because i pushed the issue too far and now i feel like a dick. i feel like a dick because i pushed the issue too far and now i
 i overslept and got dinged for coming into work late and now i'm worried i'm going to lose my job because some asshole caused a crash on the only highway that leads to my workplace and so they blocked 2 of the 3 lanes of the highway and because i'm too stupid to anticipate that something like this might eventually happen.
 got two tubs of ice cream, forgot to put them in the tub and ended up with a soup of what used to be icecream and a walk of shame.
 **: i dropped my aunt's casket at a graveside service, causing her to spill all over the floor. i'm a dumbass.
 i was offered the job, but have decided to turn it down in favor of another one (lucky me for having a choice). turns out, the management don't know anything about proper development processes for it, and force quick and dirty solutions. turns out, the management don't know anything about proper development processes for it, and force quick and dirty solutions. turns out, the management don't know anything about proper development processes for it, and force quick and dirty solutions.
 she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she wasn't. she
 i shat myself for the first time in my life and my female roommate left her room as i was standing in the doorway to mine with the fucking towels in my hand, my but still smeared with poop residue.
 i'm fucking retarded and can't get it through my head that dogs have teeth like miniature steak knives. i'm fucking retarded and can't get it through my head that dogs have teeth like miniature steak knives. i'm fucking retarded and can't get it through my head that dogs have teeth like miniature steak knives. i'm fucking retarded and can't get it through my head that dogs have teeth like miniature steak knives. i'm fucking retarded and can't get it through my head that dogs have teeth like miniature steak knives.
 i ate a pot cookie that i made a week and a half ago and now i am baked as fuck listening to music stoned out of my mind with my parents.
 i initialed for the automatic renewal of a personal training membership, only had three days to cancel, and now my account is on freeze for 60 days.
 tried to put cream and sugar in my coffee, ended up spilling it all over the table and trash can at a starbuck's within a stop and shop.
 didn't find a good gift for mother's day, now i feel like an asshole for not being able to find a good gift.
 i ordered a bunch of tulips on auto-pilot and they turned out to be my wife's and my mom's. i'm a dumbass.
 i tried to fill my motorcycle gas tank with gasoline and ended up burping gas for the rest of the day because i didn't know how fast the gas would move.
 girl at work asked me if i was single and then said 'interesting' when she found out i was. i'm too oblivious to realise until now.
 got drunk, threw up all over my toilet, had to clean it up, mum thought i had work the next day, felt so bad for her.
 my roommate and i decided to put our beds in bunk beds for the weekend since we were going to have company and the added floor space would help alot. one end of the unit was against a wall and the other was in open space so my roommate took the open side and i proceeded to lay down on the bottom bunk to push the top bunk up and off of the bottom. after a few minutes of helpless struggling my roommate calls me a pussy which of course means he has to try (and succeed) now. i then got up to take his end which he had already freed and he takes my place on the bed.
 played soccer in the house, shattered my window, dad's going to fucking kill me, i'm 19 years old, don't play soccer in the house.
 i answered the door to jesus christ's witnesses and wiped my cum on a pamphlet with a picture of jesus christ on it...
 chrome auto-completes /r/cumsluts whenever i type \www.redd\ in the address bar, mormon co-worker thinks i watch porn at work.
 didn't let cat play outside, cat took revenge by pissing on my shoes. had to walk barefoot to the shoe store to pick up slippers.
 i ate magma hot lasagna, burned my tongue, and went to get some water to cool down. it was hotter than a midget with a knee fetish at a basketball player convention.
 tried to get a price quote for vegas on my laptop, ended up booking the trip when i could afford it. gf caught it and had to spend the next 2 hours on the phone. free of charge, too!
 smoked weed with my sister while she was on speaker phone. she told me my dad might lose his house because he hasn't paid his taxes for several years.
 mom left garbage bags out, i took them out, they were full of old clothes that she wanted to donate, garbage truck passed and i had to get them back.
 i hit a company van with a dodge charger because i thought it was a parking spot and didn't think i could back away from the spot where it was parked.
 i got a pair of heelys, strapped them on, and hit a rock with said heelys, causing me to fall over my leg.
 i walked in front of 50 people while waiting in line for a sandwich at the college store. i didn't want that sandwich so badly i left.
 i bought contacts at cohen's and can't get a refund because i didn't see the policy on the wall. what to do?
 i shaved the hair off of my ass and it was so smooth and radiant that i caught a glimpse of my bare ass and it was an oddity.
 unsubscribing. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck
 poured iced tea into my salad instead of my glass, now i'm going to have to buy a new glass for my salad bowl. also, don't drink iced tea if you're not paying attention.
 i tore my shoulder in high school, gained a lot of weight, and told my best friend that i had to shit in front of his girlfriend.
 smoked some weed in my youth, drove through a wash with 40 garden hoses spinning around a big old brush taking paint/metal from all over my truck.
 i told a girl i like that she was fat and now i have to explain to her and her friend that i don't like fat girls and that i'm flirting with her.
 i told a guy i'd fuck him when i was with my boyfriend and now he might find out and i might not be able to get over him.
 i left my kinky toys on the floor while house-sitting, cleaning person came and found them, i refused to come into the room for 2 days, i found some stash at the house that would put my toy collection to shame, i didn't even feel bad anymore.
 installed ios 4.shit on my dad's iphone 3gs and lost everything he needs to run his business. i'm an idiot.
 i told a girl i had a crush on that i called the cops on a group of teenagers smoking weed in the park right in front of my house, and now she won't talk to me again.
 i tripped and head butted the pavement, cut my nose and lip, and had to go to the hospital to get stitched up. i'm an idiot.
 tried to win 100 bucks by kicking a soccer ball over a goalie's head, kicked the wall barefoot in my sleep, probably broke my toes.
 i got into a fight with a customer and now i'm probably going to get fired on my last day as a manager for a fast food company.
 i changed my skype pic to a hairy dick to mess with my friend, all my skype friends saw my pic and now i'm a raging homosexual
 gave a guy a middle finger, disrupted the meeting, and got yelled at by the person running the meeting, all because i thought it was a playful middle finger.
 i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to read. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to read. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a paper. i don't know how to write a
 i didn't change the name of the midterm workbook, and now i'm getting a zero on the midterm, and i'm a dingus.
 i took my tampon out during period, it swung on my shirt, period blood everywhere, scared shitless to go back to class because everyone would be staring at me
 i broke a girl's ankle playing dodgeball, now she thinks i'm a huge dick and i'm going to feel weird going up to her and apologizing.
 i left \u00a3720 in the charge of a colleague, cash office thought it was a prank and reported it to my managers. i was then told to go find my manager and own up to it before they radioed it through.
 i forgot to reset my password for an online class, and now i'm scared to go on and check how much work i haven't done.
 masturbated in the shower with the showerhead on, cleaning lady heard me and now knows i masturbate with the showerhead. she has to clean the bathroom next.
 i forgot my license in the car and now i have a huge test tomorrow and a major assignment due tomorrow that is in my backpack. i am an idiot.
 i borrowed my friend's flash drive, forgot to unplug it, and lost her cv, recommendation letter from her boss, and other papers in it.
 i had the best anal of my life and ended up shitting out liquid fire through my asshole because i didn't drink enough.
 don't stalk your ex's gf on fb, it'll burn you in the ass and you'll never see her again.
 i accidentally swapped my housemates google account passwords with mine a year ago, and dashlane listed every single weird porn site he was subscribed to, all registered to his personal email account.
 i shit in a plastic bag in my room and my roommate is out of there in record time. i'm pretty sure i'll never have ramen again.
 tried to piss in a beer can, cut my head open, bleeding profusely, no way i'm going to go to the doctor with this shit!
 baby jesus figure fell off a nativity scene at work and was decapitated. i tried to fix it with glue, white caulk, bleach, windex, drain-o and paint thinner.
 i got drunk and went looking around in my roommate's computer to find out more about him. he was pissed and now i feel shitty about it.
 my friend's sister hooked up with me at a club, i didn't know she was my friend's sister, and i have a small suspicion that she knew who i was.
 i sent an interracial bdsm video to all 230 students in my intro lecture. fuck me, i'm a dumbass. i don't think i can go back to that lecture ever again.
 old lady overheard me talking about the sfw porn network on reddit, specifically r/animalporn, and now she won't talk to me.
 toothpaste fell out of a tube, i brushed my teeth with it, ran my hand through my hair, and it smelled like toothpaste for the entire day.
 http://i.imgur.com/g32d0ot.png http://i.imgur.com/g32d0ot.png
 went to the toilet on the underground, printed to the toilets, had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop. got off the train at the next stop. had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop. had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop. had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop. had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop. had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop. had to walk through a labyrinth of tunnels to get to the next stop
 ate a whole bar of exlax laxative chocolate thinking it was a square, forgot to lock the bathroom door and had to beg my brother to let me in.
 called a girl bipolar attention whore, she'll call me a creep and i'll have to put on my supa nigga suit and save myself.
 i ate my boyfriend's jalapeno cream cheese rice and chicken dish and it burned my lips so bad i nearly cried thinking about his dick feeling like that.
 i told a class of 2nd graders that there was no real santa, and they thought i was a pedophile for the rest of the day.
 woke up to find my kitten dead, cow kicked me so hard i thought she broke my hand, jumped on my boyfriends back so he could give me a piggy back ride to the house, and smashed my bad knee into an air tank in the milk house.
 i missed 4th chem test by not going to class and assuming the test date to be this friday. it was actually on 12/6 and there are no make ups.
 my friend bitching about his throat got him taken to the hospital and i honked the horn so it would wake up his parents and it did and he got yelled at.
 i microwaved mac and cheese, forgot water, and now i feel like i'm in shanghi smog. my gf won't be happy.
 bought fleshlights from www.fleshlight.com, dumped the casings in a dumpster, parents found out and now i'm waiting to see if they think i'm gay.
 tifu by posting a vagina story on /r/tifu not /r/yaythisisawesomeimdoingthisforfunsies or made it sound hot and posted in /r/gonewildstories
 i ripped my pants and went on stage with crotch-less pants in front of over fifteen hundred people. it was a good day. i'm an idiot.
 texted my boss's wife \i'm actually not feeling so hot baby so i'm gonna go to sleep,\ followed by \goodnight, sweet dreams\
 my gf accidentally sent tracking info to her 80 year old grandmother. she's hoping she can play it off that she was just buying shoes from them because they have a ton.
 shaved my junk, gave myself a serious razor burn, it hurts like shit, i don't know why i did it, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i don't know why i shaved my junk, i
 lost my coat and key to my apparment at a bar. had to call my dad for backup keys. had to ring random doorbells to get in.
 didn't brush my teeth in the dark, poured liquid detergent into a water bottle, poured it back into my mouth, tried mouth scraping and mouthwash.
 girlfriend told me she was getting a suprise, i didn't say anything, she told me it was weird and i said \that's it?\.
 got high at an all guy sleep over, ate three brownies in less than 3 minutes, had to borrow sweatpants, slept on the couch for hours.
 went to a party, got so drunk that i couldn't walk, woke up all hungover, lost my glasses, now i don't know how i got home.
 i dropped a turd on the floor, 16 million fruit flies swarmed the room, and now every room in my house is covered in shit. fml
 tried hot sauce, coughed a lot, got pepper spray on my dick, picked my nose, sinuses are on fire and i hate my life.
 i forgot to sign out of my reddit account and my girlfriend read some posts i wrote about my past. now she's mad and i don't know what to do.
 ate a wendys snack with a knife in my mouth, went back to get it, tripped and stabbed myself in the face with the knife.
 i fucked up by saying \well god gave me two hands for a reason\ to a girl who was born with one hand and one nub. everyone at the bar thought i was a serial killer.
 i asked my friend if he would rather have sex with his cat and have his dad walk in, or have sex with his dad and have the cat walk in.
 i peed on my shorts the night before and didn't realize it until i went to school the next day. i didn't smell it.
 yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in while driving down the street. yerp, popped one in
 didn't fuck my girlfriend, masturbated instead, got a load of cum out of my dick in front of a group of people.
 made a fake facebook account to communicate with my ex, added her with my fake account, she blocks me, drank jager and sharted on my way to work.
 i tried to measure my waist with a tape measure and ended up measuring my hand right at my waist in front of my mom, grandma, and grandpa.
 went to the uk, got home wasted, vomited all over my clothes and bed, woke up to a sack of potatoes, took a nap, woke up to a delayed train.
 i used my cellphone with headset to call into a toll free number and now i have a phone bill of $1900 and i have to pay over a month of full time work to pay it.
 roommate wants to move out at the end of august/july, i have to give my landlord 3 months notice as to when he's moving out.
 i emptied the trash on my hard-drive thinking it would eject, but it didn't, and now i don't have a hard-drive.
 i was groovin' so hard to the music i just needed someone to dance with. i see two blondes move in front of me. they looked good from behind, and i got a glimpse of their faces and they looked pretty hot.
 didn't know jet lag would make you sick, vomited in my mouth, had to swallow it, went all over the place including my face.
 tried to pluck hair from my stomach, dropped tweezers into the pool of shit and piss, threw them into the sink, washed my hands before i puked and left them in the sink.
 tried to fuck in my car, set off the srs sensor, tripped the incident meter and had to pay $80 to have the system reset.
 tifu by putting pain relief cream on my balls instead of my thigh, and now my balls are still burning three hours after i put the cream on.
 think i have wasted my time thinking i could achieve anything at uni... think i have wasted my time thinking i could achieve anything at uni... think i have wasted my time thinking i could achieve anything at uni...
 ate a half of pot cookies, ate fake snow, thought i was high, called poison control and was told to go to the emergency room.
 bought biscuits at school, forgot my wallet, got busted, got in trouble, and now i'm in school suspension for the rest of the week.
 i couldn't do the math on a test because the teacher wouldn't allow me to use a calculator. now i have a 'b' in the class.
 i wanted to go on leave from my job to complete an internship, but my field office thinks i'm quitting because i didn't complete required training.
 tifu by accidentally getting charged for a crime i didn't commit and now it's gone away. i'm gonna go back into hiding and keep my fingers crossed that it's taken care of.
 i failed my final and now i have to tell my boss about the fuck up and maybe have my offer declined. the job and salary are still on the table regardless of my degree. the professor is an extremely hard grader with no teaching ability to merit it. the average % in the class was a 58. i got a 54, and he would not bump me up. every professor in the department knows that him and one other professor are terrible, but they can't be pushed out. my overall gpa, even with the d is a 3.4 (i only lost about .06 points because of it).
 fell over on a bus and pissed myself in front of a bunch of people. i'm not going to get that bus again, at least not in the near future.
 lost two weeks worth of finals group project work with a deadline within two days by losing the memory card with the only copies of our clips. now i have to beg the professor to excuse my groupmates.
 ** coworker asked me to help him set up a second database for one of our apps. original version of app comes up.... no data! us: (() (()) me: \well, looks like there's no data in this anymore\ him: \...\ (trying to be a good sport about it) me: \well that's fucked up. sorry\
 i drank my friend's piss. she said she raped me. i freaked out. she kicked me out. never chill with hard core poets in nyc.
 my friend asked me to go see the new hobbit, but my friends were already at the theater. now i dont know who to go see the new hobbit with.
 i threw a skunk in the dryer and now my friend's landlord is going to be pissed that it went through the dryer while he's in florida.
 i forgot to turn in my final for a class within the 24 hour window my professor was accepting it, and now i'm probably going to get a d.
 met a guy on craigslist for a nude portrait. he lived a few doors away from the redfern police station. i insisted we meet in a public place. he lived a few doors away from the redfern police station. he lived a few doors away from the redfern police station. i insisted we meet in a public place. he lived a few doors away from the redfern police station.
 i asked a girl if she wanted to meet my friend. turns out she's my cousin. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass.
 got caught with an assault rifle in norway, almost got shot by the police because they thought i was going to shoot them with a plastic gun.**
 i tried to put a fairy on top of my christmas tree, but it fell and broke all over the place. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i got a ticket for driving 100mph in a 55mph zone. i don't have the money to pay it so i'm going to court.
 i'm an idiot who didn't plan for the holiday season and now i'm down $1000 from my \projected budget\ because of the flu.
 today i said a sexist comment about how women right were a joke since we were talking about rights in social class so i got the death stare from this one girl who has a mighty wraith and i thought she was going to kill me.
 i shoved half a package of grapes down my gullet 20 minutes away from my audition for west side story, and now i have the shits 20 minutes away from my audition.
 i was going to help produce a piece for a film production company for the first time, and i didn't see the email from the guy who asked me to come down to meet him today to talk about it.
 got a lemon-lime gatorade in class, got kicked out of class, and now there is a power struggle between my self and my teacher.
 fell asleep on my laptop, opened an imgur album with pictures of a man branding the head of his penis, parents may think i'm into genital mutilation.
 i found a garbage bag full of dirty dishes that had been sitting there for 3 months. i wailed on it till every single one of those dishes were no more.
 engine and transmission damage was estimated to cost more than the old piece.
 i was fired for trying to diagnose a machine that wasn't broken, because my boss thought i was a self centered dick. not a good day.
 got a bj after my wife puked all over my dick and balls. melted ice cream flowed down my balls and into my butt crack.
 if you don't know what type of panties you wear, don't work out in boot camp with your husband in front of other people.
 i pushed too hard after knee surgery, got hemorrhoids, and now i'm sitting on the softest thing i could find as i type this.
 i over-rotated and now i have a bruised knee and a bruised shoulder. also, it took the wind out of me so i came out of the water making a faint screaming noise and in need of help.
 shit my pants, shit my legs, shit my feet, and now i'm on the toilet covered in shit. i'm a dumbass.
 got drunk and groped my wife's cousin-in-law. the whole weekend was awkward and torturous. i feel like a stupid bastard.
 don't post on reddit if you don't know what you're doing, or if you're just a dumbass like me.
 peed myself in a car park gutter, didn't realise i was there until a bloke walked past. pee stain the size of my fist in the worst possible place.
 i lost all my contacts and everything else that went along with it because i didn't read something that said \pay 5 dollars for some uuid thing\
 i got green nailpolish in my mouth and spilled it on my jeans, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans and i got green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans and i got green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans and i got green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans and i got green nailpolish in my mouth, then panicked and dropped the bottle so that it spilled on my jeans and i got green nailpolish
 i went to unclog a toilet and ended up in the er with a cut on my head and a tetanus shot. i'm a dumbass.
 my daughter tried to paint her face with poo thinking it was face paint, ripped her diaper off, and tried to paint her face with her own poo.
 i tried to pull a macgyver-type stunt on my friend\u2019s car, hit my head on the concrete, and ended up crashing into my friend\u2019s car.
 didn't realize i had bugs crawling on my legs, freaked out and ripped my clothes off in front of my neighbors. now they think i'm on drugs.
 i used duct tape to lose a few inches around my waist for a day in the heat of texas and ended up looking like i had a stick up.
 had my bluetooth speaker connected to my phone while doing some hw, forgot to turn it off, jacked off in the shower, hot chicks listened to porn i was spanking too
 i made a dead mom joke and my friend's dead mom was in the text. felt like a fucking dick for the rest of the day.
 i touched a soldering iron that was hot and i yelled \god damn motherfucker!!!!!\ in front of a bunch of people at a yard sale.
 went to the bathroom at work, saw a shadow on the wall coming from a guy on the toilet next to me, thought it was a arm moving very fast, turns out it was a man chocking his chicken.
 went to work, saw a ring box, thought it was my boyfriend's engagement ring, turns out it was a gift from a group of 13 year olds.
 i put a trash bag on top of my head to fix my hair, and ended up looking like an idiot to a black family across the street.**
 got drunk, went to a bar with my friends gf, ended up looking like i was being set up with her because of how i was dressed.
 taught my parrot how to say \help, i ve been turned into a parrot!\, he only learned how to say \heeeeeelp!\
 called the cops on my roommate who was talking about killing herself, ended up casually saying that if i had that much work to do i'd kill myself.
 didn't delete naked pictures from my phone, guy saw them, put his number in it, i'm a dumbass. fuck.
 i watched breaking bad with my girlfriend's mom and forgot her uncle has cancer and is going to die in the next few weeks. i feel awful.
 dreamt i was being attacked by a roach, bashed my balls with a machine gun, woke up in the morning, can't walk now.
 went to tesco's to buy bailey's irish cream for my grandparents, didn't have id and was asked to check.
 i shit my pants at work, clogged the toilet, and had to change out of my underwear right after work so i had a complete change of clothes in my car.
 i won tickets to see sick puppies. they sent me the email the day before the concert. when i checked my email i realized that the concert had already passed :(
 i left a porn window open on my laptop during class, two of my friends saw it, and my teacher is pretty sure she saw it.**
 i tried to spray my co-worker with a sprayer and the faucet snapped off. it sprayed all over the place and my boss was mad at me.
 posted an ad on craigslist to repair computers on my own time after work, got fired because my boss said it competes with our store, no disciplinary action.
 impersonated cartman in front of my native german teacher and said \you fucking jew kayle!\ as she was standing 3 meters in front of us.
 i've been driving like a fuck-up for about 2 months because my high-beams are permanently switched on, which means that every time i used my headlights, my high-beams would also turn on.
 i gave a teacher a stuffed elephant for her birthday, she was very uncomfortable with it, and i was told that i was no longer allowed on campus.
 i thought i was \approved\ for unemployment but wasn't and now i'm down to my last $1000 and don't know what i'm going to do.
 i left a tub of lube in my suitcase at my boyfriend's dad's house in russia and accidentally threw it at his son's dad.
 i jerked off in my sister's panties and left a wet spot with a strong dick smell. i hope she doesn't notice.
 i got a t-shirt that said 'jungfrau' which translates to 'virgin' on a stag-do trip to berlin in 2003.
 lady dropped a package of lunch meat at the grocery store, another lady picked it up, and got my turkey breast. i also got cheese and ham for my husband.
 don't use both hands when boiling hot pasta sauce or you'll end up with lava on your thumb and wrist. [http://imgur.com/b7yxf4h](http://imgur.com/b7yxf4h)
 got drunk, called my girlfriend my sweet dyke, i'm an idiot, she's pissed, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'm an idiot, i'
 i asked a girl what her name was, she told me her name, i didn't recognise her and she didn't speak to me for the rest of the night.
 i tried to scare my husband with a slap, but it turned out to be a slap at his junk. i'm so sorry, baby. i was just trying to scare away the hiccups.
 got really drunk, blacked out, and lost my phone in the process, and now my wallet is ruined and my phone won't work for a few days.
 don't try and not eat so much crap when you're trying to lose weight. you'll end up eating more than you bargained for.
 tried to help a customer, downloaded a program, got flagged as a virus, hr told me i would not be fired but if this happened again, they would fire me.
 i thought i was immune. now i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to smell it. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to smell it. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up. i'm afraid to stand up
 used the same glass to drink from all day, wife used hand soap to wash her hands then put the bottle back down with the nozzle pointing over the glass i'd been using where some residue must have dripped in. i go to get a drink and notice something odd in the bottom of my glass, didn't think much on it but rinsed the glass out anyway before having a drink of water.
 i had a wank on a bus. i'm an idiot. i feel wrong and dirty. i'm an idiot. i feel wrong and dirty. i'm an idiot. i feel wrong and dirty. i'm an idiot. i feel wrong and dirty. i'm an idiot. i feel wrong and dirty. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'
 my dog barked, i went rambo on her, forgot about the children behind the wall, and now they think i'm a pedophile.
 i dislocated my thumb during a wrestling match, and the leader of the group relocated it wrong and it dislocated itself on my way to class. fuck.
 i left open porn tabs on my laptop, my mom found them, and i made her look like its hers, and me, far away.
 i poured perfume into my mouth because i'm a lazy fuck who doesn't know how to wash his/her mouth, and now my mouth tastes of perfume.
 went out with the family, drank a few shots of liquor, shat in the car, had to hold it until i made it into the- **plop!**
 i used a fake name on google plus and gmail, gmail remembered my name and changed all my emails to the call sign \salsberry jones\.
 i tried to talk to my girlfriend about a game i was playing with her, she told me it helped her get through her problems, and now i don't know what to do.
 had sex with my gf, ex wife thought i was sex starved, i made up stories about how long it has been since we had sex, she thought i was sex starved.
 brushed my teeth with icy hot, thought it was codeine, it was icy hot, now i feel like i'm on the verge of a heart attack.
 i said \kimochi\ in japanese in front of a guy i'm trying to embarrass in japanese class. i'm a dumbass.
 my car was stolen, crashed it into a mailbox and almost crashed into a house, all because i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to drive.
 i didn't know how to tell the difference between celebration flowers and condolence flowers, so i gave a middle-aged man a wholehearted \congratulations!\.
 i left a usb drive full of final grades for months next to my computer and have to submit them on wednesday. i'm a dumbass.
 i ate a cookie that had rock hard bits in it, washed it down with melted snow, and vomited all over the floor and my pants.
 i'm going to have to stay in school for one semester because i didn't read the syllabus correctly and missed more classes than i should have.
 got drunk, vomited on the floor, shat on the floor, woke up to a shit-smeared bathroom floor and my face in it.
 if you drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time. don't drink and try to trim, you're gonna have a bad time.
 farted on my way home from school, almost hit my car, but it was a fart and i was halfway to my car, so it wasn't too bad.
 i pissed in the \sink\ at work, and now everyone thinks i'm a pedophile, and i'm getting laughed at every time i walk through the shop floor.
 dropped my phone in the toilet, threw it in some rice, hope it's not dead, and i don't have insurance on it.**
 i swallowed shrooms and had to wait an hour and a half for a train to take me to the airport to meet my girlfriend who was arriving at 3:30am.
 i drank too much, ate too much mcdonalds, vomited in a sink that was stuck on hot, and my girlfriend tried to fix it.
 if you've shit yourself, please tell us your story on /r/ishitmyself. it should help clear some of the near-identical stories that are in violation of rule 2: \no unoriginal or ordinary posts.\ do the mods not agree?
 tried to wash my hands, soap flew out and landed in my toilet, just in time for it all to get flushed down the drain. a great start to a hopefully great day!
 my friend got a ticket for weed residue in my one-hitter and now i'm going to have to pay her 400$ and i'm 16.
 got high, made pizza pockets, put them down on chair, sat down on pizza pockets, heard splootch sound, ass got hot all of a sudden.
 i didn't take my life seriously and now my mom is crying and i can't stand to see her. i'm a dumbass.
 my mother thinks i masturbate while on the toilet because i reddit while on the toilet. i tell her i'm not pulling my pork, i'm reddit.
 i called cross stitching crotch stitching and an old lady thinks i'm a needle craft pervert. i don't think i'm a needle craft pervert.
 i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do. i don't know what to do.
 tried to dye my pubes bleach blond with my girlfriends bleach for a photo shoot. didn't do it right. now my pubes are fire red.
 i ate wasabi for the first time, it made me cry, and i'm not sure if i'll be eating sushi with wasabi again.
 made a snowball to wipe my ass, threw it at a girl, got poopy snowball all over her neck and chest. i'm a dumbass.
 spilled coffee on my phone, no money to get a new one. grrrrrreat.
 got tipsy, got cocky, fought a trained fighter, broke my nose, spent a hour in the hospital and got home at 4 in the morning.
 i was in the zone and didn't notice that my coworker's friend was reading the menu. i felt so guilty and ashamed that i couldn't even go up to her and apologize.
 i told my wife i shit myself because i'm a redditor and she's not going to stop giving me shit about it until i stop.
 passed out at a friends, woke up, saw keys for the car in the garage (it was his grandfathers) drove drunk and crashed into a house. waiting to see if charges will be laid for possible grand theft.
 i'm an asshole who doesn't know what he's talking about, and i'm sending him to the depths of the internet hate machine and the pit of /mlp/**
 i won a copy of the boxed edition breaking bad dvd set. the scammer asked for my email and phone number, and i gave the scammer my address, email, and phone number.
 got drunk, danced with a girl, got caught on video, apologized, didn't speak to her for a month, never spoke to her again.
 woke up early to sign on for a new job, lost it before i started. good news: my manager gave me my old job back. i can't kick my own ass anymore.
 don't play drunk karaoke, you'll fall off the stage, spill your drink all over the table, and you'll sprain your knee.
 *look at this phone.* *it costs $350.* (this is when i buy the phone.) *look again.* *it is now $250.* [\products may be returned for up to **14 days** after purchase.\](http://youtu.be/dd7fixvokbw?t=2m16s)
 i got blackout drunk, shit myself, jerked it, puked, fell off the toilet, and missed the tap by a couple inches. i still shudder to think of my parents walking in on that scene.
 didn't set an alarm for a date, woke up 30 minutes early and missed out on a chance to get to know the guy a little better.
 don't fuck with your kids, they'll fuck you back in the ass, and they'll fuck you back in the ass.
 had a sinus infection, clogged the toilet, threw up all over the toilet and shit all over my grandma's linen closet and the wall between the sink and toilet.
 i refused to play charades and yelled at the top of my lungs for them to shut up, the whole building heard it and now everybody is scared of me.
 got a wedgie in my ass during a meeting with my boss. he was standing there holding out his hand for me to shake. i shook his hand. he gave a knowing nod as if to say \we'll just pretend that never happened.\ coolest boss ever.
 i bought 1000 dollars on carbonpoker.com, tried out a few games, ended up blowing 1200 dollars in under one minute. fuck you carbonpoker
 tried to gauge the weight of my dad's shotgun, ended up shooting 3 shells of bird with my finger. i'm a dumbass.
 didn't eat anything before job interview, fainted and face planted on a copy machine, got stitched up and probably won't get the job.
 got drunk at a crawfish boil, fell into a bonfire, scratched poison ivy on my genitals, scrubbed them with bleach and clorox, screamed like a banshee rape victim.
 i added a .gitignore instead of \git reset *\, and lost a month of work because i used \git rm -r *\.
 i panicked so hard that i forgot to breath and it only had got stuck in my pharynx after all, i had panicked so hard that i had forgotten to breath and during the following stress i had tightening my chest up so it only felt like i wasn't able to breath.
 i gave my baby a full bottle of creamer instead of milk because i thought it was her milk and my wife thought it was creamer. i'm an idiot.
 ate a lot of school sushi, woke up to shit my pants, now i'm on the toilet for an hour. never eat school sushi.
 i locked my car behind me and the cat ran away. $50 dollars and 20 minutes late to get back to work and i the shop guys are offering me hammers :(
 i'm a dumbass and flushed a semester's worth of work down the drain because i didn't back up my usb stick.**
 i laughed so hard at a reddit post that i threw up and pissed myself and i still hurt from laughing. [here](http://i.imgur.com/opvu2ok.jpg) then [here](http://i.imgur.com/hppsyxz.jpg) the best one so [far](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/19qpxe/tifu_by_causing_my_girlfriend_to_get_attacked_by/)
 i dropped a soda on the floor and it exploded all over the place and ruined 2 1/2 hours of cleaning time. i'm an asshole.
 i laughed at my friend's vagina monologues because i didn't pay attention to the introduction to the next part where they explained the next monologue was about rape.
 thought i was good for a bit, now i'm going to run out of gas and have to sit on the shoulder of the highway for a while.
 i slept over at my friend's house and now she's getting evicted. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass.
 i signed up for a hookup site for free, forgot to click the one month box, and now i have to pay $100 for a hookup site i just wanted to use for amusement until i leave the city i'm in.
 i called my muslim friend a hat-hater and now she hates me and i'm not sure how to feel. i'm a heartless prick.
 ate fish sandwiches, gassed myself, went to girlfriends house, shit myself, threw my underwear in the sink, hope one of the 10 girls that lives with my girlfriend doesn't find it.
 don't jerk off to a hot redhead in front of a bar full of people. it'll make you look like a dickhead.
 bought a new stereo, pre-ordered kavinsky's - outrun album on cd, it arrives today and i realize that my stereo doesn't have cd playback :(
 my best friend broke up with me and now i don't have a best friend anymore. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 gatsby wants to become bgf's (best glands forever) and i'm going to have to live with it for the rest of my life.
 i bend to pick up papers and a student comes barreling down the hall at top speed and his shoulder collides with my face. i come up and there's a web of white in front of my left eye. it's my glasses-the lens got a bunch of cracks in. glasses broken (ray ban's), teeth loose, bloody nose, and cheek swollen up like a bitch and eye a nice shade of purple under the spider-web lens.
 i'm too fucking shy to ask my crush for my number, and i feel like a fucking idiot for saying i don't know it.
 i took a kitten out of the cage in my work truck and it crawled into the dash. i tried to get him out, but he freaked the fuck out and ran under the truck.
 showed how to flip people off in gta v to a mother with three kids in front of me. she stared at me awkwardly for a few seconds.
 tried to save a dead goldfish, ended up swimming in water with my phone, spilling rice all over the floor, knocking a kettle of boiling soup over and burning my leg.
 i put my backpack in the hallway next to the door where my dog pees and now everything in my backpack is soaked in dog piss and i won't be lending out my pencils anymore.
 coworker grabbed me by the good and held my head down like a hockey player. i gave her hat back. boss asked me if i had made derogatory remarks to her, i said yes but in play. then he asked if i had made any sexual remarks to her and i also said yes but in play.
 tried to test my software with a client's live account instead of a demo account, ended up buying / selling hundreds of stocks in a few minutes.
 i put too much butter in my cheesecake, it melted, the fire alarm went off, my neighbors are pissed, and my cheesecake is ass.**
 i sent a video about japan's love industry to my professor and now she can't un-send or email it. i hope she doesn't watch the end.
 tried to be nice and pat a girl on the shoulder to let her know i was there, ended up being an asshole for the rest of the day.
 i knocked a bottle of nail polish out of a bottle and sprayed it all over my carpet, and now i don't have a way to remove it.
 my friend said \bless you\ while i was watching a video about periods and i laughed like a bitch for the last 5 mins of it.
 i uploaded a picture that was considered nsfw and now imgur won't let me upload anything to my art gallery because i'm an idiot.
 ate too many mussels, had a wank, woke up with a small scar on my chin, still have a little scar to remind me of the fierce powers of poseidon.
 took a bus to budapest, got stuck in a traffic jam for 9 hours, someone gave birth in the traffic jam, and my bus driver didn't help.
 ](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1ag7bj/tifu_by_trying_to_show_my_mom_reddit/c8xgr12)http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1ag7bj/tifu_by_trying_to_show_my_mom_reddit/c8xgr12)
 watched gay porn, saw circle jerks, son saw them, didn't believe me when i said they weren't circle jerks and i was just seeing what it meant...
 let a f-250 go through a car wash tunnel with a sun roof open, now i'm mr. sun roof and i'm a dumbass.
 slept naked, had a dream of being shot and killed by a cop, couldn't breathe, went to dinner with my whole family, uncles saw my penis.
 peed my pants in front of a tow truck driver. dick flashed a few cars and a pedestrian. dick dribbled all over my pants.
 i went out for a run six months after injuring my knee and ended up puking and shit myself in front of a sheepdog and my new trainers.
 my roommate's boyfriend walked in on me spreading my ass apart and farting, and i froze because i didn't want to cover up.
 my friend is dating one of my friends and not me. we are also extremely close friends. she has been extremely cool about it, and even told me it doesn't matter.
 my mother found r/spacedicks on reddit within 20 minutes of making her account and now i don't know how to stop her from finding r/spacedicks.
 went out with my friends, her boyfriend passed out in his clothes, my cellphone, keys, coat, ipod, and wallet are gone, i'm not wearing any underwear (but am wearing pants), i notice that my leg looks like one giant bruise and i have more bruises under my arms, on my side, and my back, and there's a sandwich with one bite out of it near my face.
 played a drinking game with my roommate, ended up shitting in his backpack, threw up in the toilet, woke up to smell like shit, roommate was impressed

 hollowed out a bell pepper, filled it up with water, drank out of it, spit it all over the kitchen, and it tasted like shit.**
 http://i.imgur.com/vpuywnr.jpg nope! http://i.imgur.com/jazn4wx.jpg
 i yelled \get in the god damn corner woman!\ at my friend's mum thinking it was a friend of mine, and stayed out of her sight that day.
 fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back! fuck up of the week is back!
 woke up in the middle of the night because i had to piss because a naked girl came into my bed and pissed my fucking bed because i didn't bring her to where my son was.
 i dropped two $50 notes and now i can't pay for my groceries and have no idea how i'm going to eat for the next 5 days.
 i tried to buy a burberry scarf on pinterest and ended up with two charges to my credit card and a cancelled card. i feel like an imbecile.
 i was in the washroom with my friend, turned off the lights and couldn\u2019t see, didn\u2019t know another person was in the stall, stomped on a chick leg thinking it was my friend.
 i fucked up by handing out a drink to a minor without a wristband and lost a couple hundred or thousands of dollars in tips and pay for my hours worked.
 i used a condom on my dick, threw it in a trash can, fell asleep, woke up to my seven month old son chewing on my used condom.
 i cleaned my windshield while pumping gas, ripped the hose out, and on my way home from work today i did the same thing. i'm an idiot.
 bought a new cock ring. had rough sex with gf. ring came off and bruised my cock. gf thinks it's funny.
 had the urge to shit, locked myself out of a public bathroom, shit inside of a cloth, wiped with cloth, got bit on the back of my pants.
 wrote \battletoads!\ on a receipt for a pawn shop that hates battletoads. pawn shop thought we stole their credit info and threatened to cancel our business with us.
 i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like wow, i saw this guy confess to making a bomb threat and i was like
 my phone fell into the toilet while i was masturbating and now i'm without my phone for the rest of the day and i have no insurance.
 i taught a woman how to use cleveromegle and we had an awesome conversation, but before i could get her name i exited the page... (ok its not really that bad of a tifu but she was cool and i wanted to keep talking to her)
 i didn't get in to the business school i needed to get into and now i have a shit load of student loan debt with not degree to help me pay it off.
 i left a condom in my jeans pocket and forgot about it. my dad's girlfriend found it and offered to take a friend she thought i was having sex.
 didn't look in my coffee before drinking, crunched in my mouth thinking it was food, vomited all over myself and still feel nauseous thinking about it.
 don't listen to classical music on your walk in to work, or else you'll sound like an asshole to the company's general manager.
 i broke my collarbone playing football, can't use my right arm on thursday, cross country practice is gonna start again soon, and i can't go to practice now either.
 went out with a girl i've known for a few months who i've been trying to date for the past few months. we talked a lot about our romantic lives and how we've been unable to find the perfect person yet. as the night went on, everything we'd said about ourselves was being used to describe our ideal partners. being the oblivious idiot that i am, i had also failed to notice that she had been moving closer to me on the couch (or had i been moving closer to her?).
 saved a baby turtle on the golf course, dropped him off a bridge into a pond, and now i don't know if he's alive or dead.
 i bought a pocket hose, attached it to my t-shirt, turned on the water, and the connector for the sprayer nozzle rocketed off into space - but before it did, it had the comedic decency to blast a jet of freezing fucking water right across the front of my t-shirt.
 mom's friend asked her to model for a double-decker bus photoshoot. she stood up on the seats, straddling the aisle, and got clotheslined in the face by a telephone wire.
 i gave my niece a tablet and she threw it and hit me in the eye twice, now i have a red eye and can't read or watch tv.
 my girlfriend and i had a drag race at a stop light and got pulled over by the cops. they were expecting two teenagers showing off, not a 30-year old couple driving home. i think they were amused because they were expecting two teenagers showing off, not a 30-year old couple driving home. my girlfriend said that when the cop asked her what she was doing, she said \flirting?\ edit: in case anyone cares, i won the race but not by much. she drives a subaru outback, powered by a 3.0 liter h6 engine, versus my suzuki esteem, with a 1.8l 4-banger.
 i responded to a guy's question with the word \sex.\ he thought i was asking for a one night stand. i panicked and blocked his number.
 blacked out at neighbors house, hole in wall, glass bowl got stolen, garage smells like cigs, now learned not to throw a party.
 i took a water bottle from an unguarded carton and now i have to run extra and pay for my damages because i was thirsty and took a water bottle from an unguarded carton.
 ate too much jalapeos, had to shit twice in the span of 4 hours, both times barely making it to my girlfriend's house.
 ate a turkey sandwich, took a wrong turn, shit myself, spent the next 4 hours in the back of the group for fear that i'd smell like shit.
 fapped three times in one day, woke up to take my morning piss and my dick felt like a golf ball in the middle of my dick.
 tried to hit a cricket ball with a bat, hit my dad in the face and got a black eye. i'm a fuckin idiot.
 sent a [picture](http://imgur.com/z3lhuuh) to the head of our institute. got suspended for 4 weeks.
 i puked on my boyfriend's dick while giving him a blowjob and then i threw a hissy fit and left in a storm.
 didn't take care of my teeth for years, now i have to pay $10k to get them fixed. i'm a dumbass.
 got drunk at a wedding, went to a strip club, text my best friend \i think i'm at a strip club\... that was the last i remember seeing me phone.
 smoked a joint at work, locked myself out of office for 45 minutes, fish laughed at me, coworker laughed at me, i'm still employed.
 hot glue dribbled down the side of a pinata and i used my finger to stop it, now i have a piece of my lip burnt off and my finger is starting to bubble.
 i'm trolling cl because i haven't had sex in over a year and a half and it's just sort of gives me this weird glimmer of hope, like hey! there are people around you that want to have sex! and yes, i know cl is a big, gross, disgusting trainwreck...that is kind of fun, or funny sometimes.
 watched porn at a young age, didn't know what it was. made a drawing of a naked woman. mom found it. threw it away.
 i fucked up by inviting my date into my bed to sleep with me instead of out in my living room. i also fucked up by forgetting about sex.
 tried to fix a display issue on my friend's computer before he woke up and now he's not pissed at me and i'm not sure what to do.
 \come now brown cow\ rhyme stuck in my head all day, accidentally called my insecure friend a brown cow in front of her. i'm a complete fuck up.
 i told my photography class that someone would dunk their face into scalding water and burn it at the same time. now they think i'm a psychopath.
 tried to scratch an itch on my dick in the shower, ended up sandpapering it to a very sensitive region and now sexy times are a no-no.
 fapped while my dog was asleep, cummed on him, washed him off and made a series of treats to say \i'm so sorry\
 set alarm to fire hive by knife party, went to school, heard the most heartbreaking story i have ever heard in my entire life, feel like a horrible person.
 asked a girl what her middle initial was, told her it was because i was thinking of making a kfc joke, she stopped replying, and now there's a pick up line that goes 'you must work at kfc because those are great breasts and thighs'.
 ate too much pizza, ate too much cheese fries, ate too much poop, ate too much poop, ate too much poop, ate too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much poop, ate way too much
 i didn't add flour to my brownies, and now i have chocolate goop. i'm a terrible cook, and i'm an idiot.
 smoked weed with a half indian roommate, told him a joke about a doctor from r/meanjokes, he told me i shouldn't tell people.
 i farted when a girl picked me up in a bear hug and i couldn't say \i farted\ without sounding like an asshole.
 mixed caffeine and lithium for my mood disorder, ended up vomiting in the car on a full moon road trip with my husband. i'm a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium, such as intense nausea and vomiting. i'm a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium, such as intense nausea and vomiting. i'm a big dum-dum who should pay more attention to the side effects of mixing caffeine and lithium, such as intense nausea and vomiting. i'm a big dum-
 i didn't know ifunny was back on the app store and i'm a perverted dickhead who's obsessed with bacon, boobs, peanut butter, and kate upton.
 played smash brothers, brother farted like a demon, i paused the game to watch, he shat in his pants, dad thought it was funny.
 i didn't do my research and now i have gas that smells like a stagnant pond and i'm worried i'm going to have an allergic reaction.
 i left my car in a 24 hour parking lot the night before i had to retrieve my debit cards. the next morning my friend drove me back to the lot to get my car; but it wasn't there. i called the tow company that was advertised below the tormenting sign and learned they had my car. i called the tow company that was advertised below the tormenting sign and learned they had my car. since i left everything in my car the night before i had to retrieve my debit cards first, find a bank, take out $120 in cash, go back to the tow-yard, pay and get my baby
 got high, ate a burrito, drank a death cup, puked all over my face and floor, got made fun of at a beer olympics.
 didn't get out of bed to clean up my sexy time, left it all sitting on the floor, now my grandma thinks i'm an asshole.
 fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
 went home for the weekend, forgot my phone, mom and i went crazy looking for it, dad saw my messages and pictures of my so and i.
 i bought two sets of tickets to the same play, didn't get a refund for the first set, and left the oven on when i went to the theater.
 dropped a bottle of hot pink nail polish on the kitchen floor, it shattered, got hot pink nail polish all over it and my mother can't paint anymore.
 i liked a photo of a guy i'm closeted gay and now i'm in perpetual fear that he knows i like photos of people i don't know.
 fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe. fuck my lyfe.
 i've been forwarding myself emails with my name on them as \idonthaveaname, fuckyourself\ for about 3 years, and haven't noticed.
 fingered a girl on the dance floor, she avoided contact with me and refused to even look at me. she might have started crying too. i'm pretty sure she felt used and what not. she and my friend left without saying a word to me or even picking up their phones. i don't know what the fuck is going on, but pretty sure i fucked up.
 didn't wear the second strap on my snowshoes, got stuck in the snow, had to dig myself out and it was cold to my balls.
 i asked for a girl's number, she wasn't there, and now i have no idea how to find her... i'm a dumbass.
 doctor said to rest for a few weeks without bending the neck too much. never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again. and never again.
 my roommate walked in on me jizzing on my bed, and now i'm probably going to have to pay for the parking ticket i got.
 i've been trying to hook up with a girl on ok cupid for a while, only to find out that she works at my local grocery store.
 didn't wash my hands after eating bhoot jolokia pepper. ended up soaking myself in my own bodily fluid and almost passed out. still haven't washed my hands.
 watched dara o'briain's new dvd craic dealer, laughed so hard i threw up and now my sofa is covered in vomit.
 i gave my grandmother a copy of the 50 shades of grey trilogy for pointers, and now i can't find it. i'm an idiot.
 i fucked up by telling a girl i found her lost ruler and now she thinks i'm a pedophile and i'm going to kill her.
 i sent a text to the wrong person, threw my phone behind the bed and someone pulled it out and said it was tapprancer, i had to apologise and go to bed.
 i poured oil into my car and my car's exhaust started to choke out a huge white cloud of smoke on the highway. i panicked and pulled over and let the car sit for 5 minutes before starting it up again. as soon as i started merging back into traffic, my car let out so much smoke that must have caused quite a scene, like a goddamn smoke grenade has gone off from my car.
 i backed into my neighbor's mobile home because i couldn't stop my car. turns out i had worn down my brake pads to the point where i couldn't stop.
 thought i was scaring my little brother, turns out it was my dad and he punched me dead center in the face. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i tried to trim my nether-regions and ended up cutting myself and getting nicks on my scrotum, penis, and surrounding regions.
 i didn't double check what i put in the envelope before sending out an offer letter for a job i'm about to be offered. i'm an idiot.
 coworker told me her mother in law died around christmas, i said \aww it's christmas though, that's your christmas present to yourself.\ turns out coworker #1 actually said \yeah, so my mother in law died around christmas, i know it was terrible.\ now the joke at work is \don't tell jo about people dying, she will make mean jokes about it.\
 i made a paper crane, my reading teacher destroyed it, i didn't say anything, and he didn't get one for the rest of the year.
 on top of my sisters brand new macbook air. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a dumbass and i'm a
 got cum on black fabric, can't clean it off, laying in bed at 3am hoping it dries by the morning and isn't noticeable.
 don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me, don\u2019t be like me,
 dropped my phone in the urinal at work, pissed on it and proceeded to rinse it off. vp of the company didn't say a word.
 i left a massive poo in the toilet, forgot about it, and blamed my sister for it. now my family thinks my sister has gross bowel movements.
 dyed my hair black, stained my nipples with hair dye and now i have an ugly pimple on my face and a huge zit on my foot.
 i put cookies in the microwave, came back into the kitchen to realize i had cookies in there, let smoke flood the kitchen, and now i have a headache.
 i got yelled at by my boss because i got one of the attachments wrong on a letter we were sending out. now i feel like an asshole.
 went to withdraw money from an atm , forgot my card , came back to find it gone , feel like a huge loser and depressed.
 don't wear shoes that don't grip snow, or you'll slip and fall in front of a room of 100 people, including 5 of your friends.
 i was late for a train and found my flatmate's dildo in my coat pocket. i panicked and tried to smuggle it through airport security.
 took a monster shit two hours before my grandma puked into my cesspit of a toilet, 7 inches away from my mammoth turd. i couldn't look her in the eye until she left, she'd stared into my turd.
 i got a nosebleed on the bus and had blood stains on my coat, jeans and nose. i'm now sitting in school for half past three.
 it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it was on tuesday. it
 snorted 10mgs before school, blacked out, forgot what happens during 1st period, took a test, and wrote my name sideways on the page.
 my best friend asked me if i enjoyed my penis and i said yes. he called our other best friend and i am going to tell my girlfriend tomorrow.
 i peed in my parents kitchen sink at night and my sister walked in at the last second and saw my pecker streaming into the sink. she dropped off a mug at the side of the sink next to me and walked away.
 my friend posted a thing on ask reddit that said hi i'm noah and i have been gay for 3 years now and i want to have sex with my chemistry teacher
 didn't read the syllabus, missed final exam, fucked up my chances of getting a big break or making a porno. don't know what to do.
 i shit into a fan and it sprayed poop all over my bedroom. now i'm in the doghouse and i have to clean it up myself.
 yelled \the fucker is hauling meth\ as cops searched my car and the sheriff who's friends with both of my parents was in the car.
 i had a chokehold on the devil's cut and a couple sixes of heineken in one hand while holding my drink at the lcbo. when i got into line i was holding my drink and a couple sixes of heineken in cans. by holding i mean i hadn't bothered to grab a basket or anything so in one hand i had a chokehold on the devil's cut while and was cradling the sixes on my forearms. when my turn in line came this sweetheart stalled a minute, asking her supervisor where one of the other cashier girls were. she stalled by doing this
 asked for $20 in cash back, wrapped it in a receipt, put it in my pocket, and threw it in the trashcan as i was walking home.
 i gave my mom a molly and had sex with her instead of my own mom. i'm pretty sure i'll never see my mom again.
 i was eating lunch, the urge happened, i needed to use the restroom, someone stole the last taco from my plate. i have to face it head on.
 i called a midget a fucking midget in front of a little person and her friends. she thought i was calling her a fucking midget.
 i went to my mom's kindergarten class. a little boy thought i was a girl and hit me in the crotch with a chair. he then called me an asshole and asked my mom what \fuck\ and \asshole\ meant.
 i left $20 in the self-checkout at wal-mart, went to the doctor's office to get a prescription, and got back home to find a reddit ad for gifts under $20.
 forgot to turn off the smoke detector, management came to change the batteries in the smoke detector, took too long to change the batteries, got an eviction notice.
 wrecked my car, got all my stuff stolen, and now i don't know what i'm going to do about transportation for work and school.
 ate too much for dinner, went to the bathroom, got stuck in the toilet, don't know what i'm going to do about it.
 got weed, threw it in \land before time\ cassette, got caught, grounded for 2 months, no phone, no play station, and no leaving the house.
 i let my girlfriend's cousin live with us for two months, he moved to the city and needed a place to stay. he lived with us for about two months, in that time he got a job he was paying us rent, covered his own food and bills, found a girlfriend for himself and was really getting his life together. i came home from work and noticed that we had been robbed.
 Unknown error},
 got drunk, nicked a jay walker, rear ended a taxi and got taken in by cops twice. now on probation for possession of mj and drink driving.
 i peed on a drain stopper and it went down the drain and i had to pee my own pee to get the stopper up and out of the way.
 i let my hairdresser cut my hair and now i'm bald and shiny. i also have to go to work with the rest of my hair shaved.
 i accidentally put chlorine water in the same cabinet as 18m sulfuric acid and caused the chemical room to be filled with chlorine for 2 hours. i ended up with a stern warning and shitty day.
 splashed water at my fiancee's face, shower head flew off and hit her in the face. now she has a headache and i have a shower head to replace.
 i didn't check my e-mail and now i need to pass a final i didn't know i was doing well in. and i need to pass it for my major.
 i shaved my pubic hair, forgot i have a physical during christmas break, and now it looks like i just have short hair. i think it will be very awkward.
 i used paint thiner on my face and vomited all over the wall i had just been painting. it took me over an hour to clean up.
 didn't have sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in my pants. no sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in my pants. no sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in my pants. no sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in my pants. no sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in my pants. no sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in my pants. no sex with wife, read filthy smut at work, came in
 applied for transfer to my top choice of college. did all the visible steps and paid money, which then brought me to a confirmation page that i had completed everything. weeks pass and i get accepted to all the colleges but my top choice, which i hadn't heard anything from. it turns out there was one step i didn't finish, but guess what, it didn't tell me that when it said i had completed everything. it lied to me and completely ruined my chances to get 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i fell off a wall on my first date, vomited all over my date, and had to perform in an hour of a play i was in.
 i wore pajamas to a sleepover and jizzed on my dick while sleeping next to my 6 year old sister and my mom and 18 year old cousin.
 i microwaved my cat's wet cat food. it was the worst smell i've ever smelled. i'll never be doing that again.
 i spilled my coke on my desk, curtain decided to make a crash landing on my head, and now i have to clean it up with a towel and a bucket of water.
 i ate a bag of chicken patty's that i had never had before and now i can't leave the toilet because a geyser is erupting from my back door.
 i gave two residents cups (coffee cups) of nacho cheese sauce (hot), instead of cream of potato soup. i didn't realize what had happened until after they had left the cafe, and i was dipping up a bowl of actual cream of potato soup for someone else.
 that trust was misplaced. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i
 ate a weird looking chicken sandwich from wendy's, had to take a massive shit, had to hold it in, shit all over my toilet.
 tried to twerk for the first time, got a sharp counter edge in my butt/vag area, everyone did a \oooooohh!\ like in the movies.
 i hit a turtle with my car and it's still alive but it's probably dead. i'm not sure if i'll ever see it again.
 decided to make a rope swing on a branch. branch held its own. decided to haul people to the top like a pulley. branch gave out on me.
 put my toys in the bathroom sink and forgot about them. boyfriends dad comes in to put some finishing touches on the room..which just so happen to be in the bathroom.
 didn't let my mom in the living room while i was masturbating. she thought i was hearing things. now she thinks i'm sick.
 i wore combat trousers to my girlfriends house and ripped a massive fart.. it'd be funny.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong.. wrong
 i took a piss in the toilet and my cat fell into it. he then proceeded to pee all over the place and i had to clean it up.
 don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick. also, don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick. also, don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick. also, don't reach across the stove with a lack of a shirt. you'll end up with an ice pack up to your dick.
 i spilled a glass of grapefruit juice all over my netbook and floor, and i had to tear it down to clean up the mess. it works fine now.**
 i used trauma shears to trim my pubes and ended up avulsing a half-inch flap of skin. it wasn't bleeding at first but after about a minute blood started seeping out. panic, fear, and *why-me's* started shortly after. i immediately informed my roommate and he got some antiseptic and bandages for me. i managed to find a capsule of skin glue and now tonights events serve as a cautionary tale to myself that i'm not completely darwin-proof.
 i told a yo momma joke to my friend's mom, who just died, and felt bad about it, but didn't say anything about it.
 ate a bunch of pot brownies, got drugged, got a rabbit tattoo, and now i'm stuck with a sore chest and a rabbit tattoo.
 my friend asked me to create a banner for him with midget porn, comic sans, and rainbow colors. i didn't take it seriously and recreated the world's worst banner in photoshop. he didn't even look at it and presented it to his teacher.
 i fucked up by cleaning in my only good shirt and now i look like a homeless person in rags in front of my family and a bunch of strangers.
 i was giving a presentation in my mental health nursing class on suicide prevention. i was standing where i was, blocking classmates a and b between me, the teacher's desk/computer station in the corner, and the wall. the second girl is starting her portion and i'm getting a little nervous- i'm not really into public speaking, but i make it work. it's cool, i've been doing a lot of squats so my glutes have been getting worked out. it's not like i have to move for this presentation. it's not like i have to move for this presentation.
 went to change my son's diaper, he sneezed, butt sludge came flying at my face and splattered all over my chest and face.
 i didn't tie shoe laces around the bottom of my trousers so i won't have a bee wandering up my leg and causing a panic. i found out that day he went without underwear as well.
 i pissed on my gay friend's desk and had to spend the night cleaning it up. i still feel like a major dickbag about it.
 i fucked up and got the database downloads mixed up and ended up nuking 4 days worth of work..... first time i have ever had a boss call me incompetent......
 i ate 1/3 of a 340-gram bag of trail mix and gained twelve pounds in the last few months because i'm a fucking idiot.
 i forgot to lock the bathroom door, my mom walked in on me holding the shower head to my clit, and i turned it to the hottest setting.
 i went to a party, got wasted, kissed a girl that i didn't know was into me, and now she thinks i'm an asshole.
 i got a new job as a computer technician and because of that i put my two weeks in at my crappy fast food job. turns out that my computer technician position was put on hold now i am panicking as far as what to do.
 i called steven harper's music \awful\ in front of the prime minister's head of security and could possibly be out a job.
 gave blood, fainted, pissed all over myself, didn't tell anyone, threw my clothes in the washing machine, never going to give blood again.
 i farted in front of a crowd of 200 people at a walmart, got pulled over by the police, ran away, and woke up screaming \oh fuck im going to get the gas chamber for this oh fuck\
 burned a pumpkin spice candle, forgot to turn off lights, candle melted, had to sleep inhaling the pumpkin spice smell all night. i'm never burning candles again.
 tried to show my girlfreind how to play legend of zelda: skyward sword and ended up hitting her in the eye with a wii remote.
 girlfriend left a bottle of what looked like face wash, i washed my face with it, forgot it was vagina wash, and now she thinks i'm an asshole.
 friend gave me a computer that won't boot up past a certain screen after cleaning it. he didn't tell me it wouldn't boot up.
 showed my son my music collection. he liked it. i started aphex twin - come to daddy. he cried. i instantly stopped the music.
 i sent a picture of my naked reflection in the aquarium glass to a guy i've never met before, and he never said a thing about it.
 i gave my debate coach my laptop and he opened it up to see the debate tournament brackets, and i made some edits to my speeches based on them.
 i was supposed to be working at a large navy yard but ended up working at a small privately owned yard. the ceo of the subcontract office found out and laughed at me.
 i thought i was cleaning a door, but i was actually cleaning a guy's dick. i'm a dumbass and he's a dumbass.
 i farted in an elevator and three hot girls entered shortly after the release of flatus. they all left, not even having the common courtesy to say \have a nice day.\
 shat myself while waiting for the bus. the shat was a mix of ass and glade. i stuffed it in the washer for 50 mins.
 got drunk the night before my wedding, passed out in a taxi, woke up in the morning in my bonjour-suit and a 3000 dollar bed.
 blew my load in a bottle, mom found it, thought it was psychedelic, tripped balls for a few days, can't tell her the truth.
 never say anything negative about israel on facebook if you have lots of jewish friends, it'll end up being a clusterfuck of shit at the end.
 put too much hand sanitizer on my hands, set my lighter on fire, and looked like an idiot in front of a parking lot of strangers. i'm an idiot.
 steamrolled a bird with my tire in front of a young girl and her brother. they couldn't have been more than 6 or 7. i'm an idiot.
 got into a fight with a friend, punched him in the gut, and kicked him in the face. exchange student looked at me like i just shot his dog.
 left applesauce upside down for a while, vacuum suctioned it, it popped like a roll of pillsbury biscuits and got into my eyes. it pissed me off.
 i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an ass
 i put cum wipes in a bag of pork rinds and my grandma mistook them for semen tissues and wiped them on her dress the next day.
 i was an idiot and passed a stop sign on the wrong side of the road. got a warning and no jail time. i'm an idiot.
 i didn't wake up in time for an exam and now my prof won't let me take it for full credit because i'm an asset to the class.
 i didn't take the time to let the first one out and ended up shitting water all over the floor and the bathroom. i'm an idiot.
 i got high for the first time since i promised my girlfriend i'd quit drugs, and i feel like i have to tell her if i should.
 dog used condom, i touched his sperm, can't express my disgust. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an as
 i tripped over a curb, ran through it, and now i'm sitting at home with an icepack on my face, wondering what the hell happened.
 read a comic, opened a new tab, freshman thinks i look at hentai, everyone now thinks i look at hentai, i am sure that he did not believe me.
 i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot.
 asked peter smalley to help me spread the word on my music. peter didn't know who he was, didn't realize he was such a bigwig.
 bug bit my feet, washed my hands with anti-itch solution, put in contacts, burned my eye, have to be up for work at 7am.
 got a shave, drank a lot of jack daniels, woke up in the tub soaked in it for two hours, had to reschedule a job interview.
 tried to hit a golf ball into a field with an old golf club and ended up giving my legs and arms a sponge bath because i got into something that made my legs burn and itch.
 9/10 chance i am dying. i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit... i feel like total shit...
 slept naked, peed myself, bled all over my hand, had to walk half a mile to the bathroom with my left hand cupped between my legs.
 bought a balloonicorn, went to my friends' house, slipped on monkey bars, hit my bottom teeth on one of the step-bars, dad thought i was gay.
 i didn't feed my cat, she jumped on the plumbing behind our washer, which pumped water straight onto our attic floor, causing it to start the auto destruct sequence of our house.
 i peed in a liter bottle in the kitchen sink and it exploded all over my face, keyboard, bed and desk in the middle of the night.
 i had to turn down sex with the bf last night because my foreskin was hurting, woke up horny this morning and it still hurts.
 i spilled coffee on the front of my car and spent the next half hour trying to clean it up with sugar, windex, paper towels, and my best winston wolfe impression.
 masturbated in bed, sister walked in mid cumming, one of the girls i was gangbanging had her name on the list of girls i was gangbanging in my head.
 dad farted in my ass, i farted in his ass, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i farted in his ass again, i far
 tifu by stroking my cat's penis with my toes while my wife and i were watching our favorite tv show on the ipad in bed.
 i went to the strip club and got two vip dances without asking and now im out 65 bucks and don't have money for lunch at work tomorrow.
 i sneezed on a train and my nose started to drip, so i used a slip of card to blow my nose on, but it was my tax return.
 didn't pay attention to which bottle i grabbed, took a swig of a spitter and lost the contents of my stomach in the ditch.
 i got too drunk, lost my phone, keys, and access card, and spent the rest of the day tearing apart my room trying to find them.
 don't fuck with derrire, he's cool, but i'm sick of people thinking i tried to cop a feel (he was cool about it, but i'm sick of people thinking i tried to cop a feel)
 i broke up with my girlfriend of a year because i said \maybe it's just time\ and now i feel like a complete asshole.
 i ordered textbooks off of amazon, sent them to the wrong place, and now i'm stuck with no books for next week and no way i'm going to get them in time.
 didn't know grumpy cat was in minneapolis, went to wac with friends, now my phone is blowing up with photo messages of a certain internet celebrity surrounded by my friends while i sit at home with no car to get there.
 i wore a buttplug to class, it slipped out of my shorts and i had to hide in a stall for a good 10 minutes before anyone noticed.
 girlfriend wanted to hurt me so that when she would come looking for me back i would be stung and so be able to be a bit dispassionate and calculating about the decision. she wanted to hurt me so that when the inevitable moment came when she would come looking for me back i would be stung and so be able to be a bit dispassionate and calculating about the decision. she wanted to hurt me so that when the inevitable moment came when she would come looking for me back i would be stung and so be able to be a bit dispassionate and calculating about the decision. she wanted to hurt me so that when the inevitable moment came when she
 tifu by screaming \fucking faggot\ into my mic in front of my impressionable kid sister and her openly gay piano instructor on a friday night.
 mom and sister saw a momma duck and her babies trying to cross the road. the chicks couldn't make it up so one fell down a grate in the road. the other made it up ok but they could hear the little guy down there \crying for his momma\ as my mom put it.
 told a black guy to go on holiday to somewhere sunny for a couple of weeks, he said i'm a racist and i hate me so fuck off.
 i told my mom my aunt's favorite song played on a snow globe that my mom bought for her and i felt like crap because i could have stopped them from getting it.
 i stole 150 bucks from a pawn shop and now my mom is going to find it and force me to give her the money back... i'm sure she'll find it too...
 jerked off, didn't know i had cum on my arm, went to talk to my mom, saw cum on my arm & had no idea how it got there.
 i'm in junior high, i have a crush on a girl, some of my friends are cracking wise-ass jokes about her, she thinks it's directed to her and her friends, her twin sister thinks it's directed to her, she threatens to go to the principal if she mentions her name, i make a point, she deletes the thread.
 i found a picture of an anime character in an indecent position and my family walked by my room with it enlarged on my screen and i was oblivious to this fact.
 i said \abort the mission\ in front of my pregnant teacher and everyone in my class thinks i'm an asshole for it.**
 don't pick up alcohol on your genitals, they will burn hotter than 15 suns and you will have to sleep with your genitals exposed to a fan all night.
 i forgot to unlock my door from last night and am now trying to break in to my house while my cat is watching me do it. i hope he enjoys the piss.
 don't cram all night kids. don't cram all night kids. don't cram all night kids. don't cram all night kids.
 i went to a restaurant for the first time and stole a $5 bill. now i have to walk by the restaurant every day for the rest of the job.
 friend is mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'm mad. i'
 i lost my only source of income (after just getting a new place) because i got caught stealing some lottery tickets on camera. it was before i got the place, when i literally had no money for food, so i pocketed some scratch offs in hopes of getting some food money. now i lost my job and am being prosecuted.
 had a bj dream, shot it into my favorite boxers, woke up to an orgasm, threw the cum-soaked boxers out the window.
 i hit a fly on my friends windshield, causing it to crack the way it did, costing me $1600 dollars and making me a huge douche.
 i put hot sauce on my dowsing rod, it got hotter and hotter, and now my dick and bollocks are in a cup of milk.
 my building is running new internet cables and have been in my building for a few weeks. today i came home to find my and all my neighbors doors wide open with dudes running from one room to another.
 i told my dad i was ready to slit my wrists because i didn't turn in my application for an officer position in the club i compete in.
 took my car to the dealership to get a fluid change and a fuel filter change, only to find out the floormat was jammed under the gas pedal.
 i left a rat in a bowl of hot water, my mom knocked it on the ground, my dog snatched it, and now there's water everywhere and a dead rat on my kitchen floor.
 /r/tifu has reached 100,000 subscribers. we'd like to ask the entire /r/tifu community: do you have any ideas for new features for this subreddit? i'd like to take this opportunity to ask the entire /r/tifu community: do you have any ideas for new features for this subreddit?
 i left my 60k+ life savings unattended for a brief moment because i didn't have the time to search the paper wallet in my backpack and i didn't want to carry my backpack to the train toilet because they are really small and there is no place to put a big backpack.
 i let my dad borrow my jeep. he locked the door and i had to spend four hours crawling all over the inside and outside of it to get it open.
 i got a new pair of glasses, left them with my bag, they were gone when i came back, and now i'm looking for them.
 i had to pay my mom back for prom, got into a car accident, and now i can't pay her back and can't go to prom.
 went to shit at work, pissed all over the floor and back of my pants, can't go back to my desk because i live too far away.
 i'm broke, and i hate to have lost money. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood because of this. i'm not even in a working mood
 i had a nosebleed, had to pee, fell off the toilet, broke the toilet, flooded the house, and am waiting to find out how much i will have to pay.
 don't shave off half of your fingernail when you're trying to be sexy, and don't shave off half of your finger when you're trying to be sexy.
 i got high and deleted a kid's files on the school's shared drive, then wrote html code that said \damn dude, that blows\ and had a sequence of images of kids who went to our school and said \so who was it\ in red letters.
 i sent a picture of my dick to the wrong person and now i'm in a relationship with a girl who doesn't even know i have a penis.
 i gave a hamster a heart attack and it died in my sleep, and now my class thinks i'm an asshole for saying it was my fault.
 - by not remembering to link this: http://www.reddit.com/r/movies/comments/1f9x5y/im_samuel_l_jackson_and_ill_record_a_video_of_me/ca8f1gy)
 tifu by giving up on trying to get back with my gf, and now she won't even reply to my apology letters. fml.
 ** i said i wanted to be a hitman or assassin and now the principal wants me to get a mental health evaluation and i don't think i will be able to stay in school.
 i misspelled \knowledgeable\ on my resume and have been sending out my resume to companies throughout my city with a huge glaring error on it. fml.
 i said my girlfriend's cum tastes like piss, ruined our sex life, and now i feel like i just threw a wrench in the spokes of our sex life.
 i didn't tell my wife that my mil decided to change the water in our koi pond and now all the fish are dead and we have to buy new fish.
 [this song](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5bf-8uc07pu) made me take a poop on myself and i ruined my favorite boxers
 went to donate blood, ate some shitty macaroni and cheese, drank some bourbon and ginger, puked in the toilet, flushed in the toilet.
 went to wendy's, knocked over my drink, dropped my keys, dropped my sunglasses, and said to my friend \that guy probably thought i was retarded.\
 i watched a homeless man orgasm from behind so no homo, but i had to piss like a racehorse so i soldiered on and entered the toilet.
 tried to take a picture of my girlfriend while cuming on her face, ended up cuming on my own face and open mouth and no longer wanted to take the picture.
 forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after, no one has said anything about it... and forgot to clean up after,
 i am farting out of my ass at least 2 loud boisterous farts out of my ass per 1 minute. i want to die, it's like i'm inhaling through my mouth and exhaling through my ass.
 i tried to be god and reset the kitchen lights. they exploded and shards of glass hit me in the foot and i had to remove the caps with pink pliers.
 tried to poop at the library, poop got stuck to my hand and i flicked it into the stall next to me and a woman was in the stall.
 i went to my first meeting ever, only to find out that it was chaired by one of the most famous professors in the country, who is also my supervisor-to-be.
 i can't bend a horse lead line, but i can bend a lead line out of my hand, and i can't bend a lead line out of my hand, but i can bend a lead line out of my hand, and i can't bend a lead line out of my hand, but i can bend a lead line out of my hand, and i can't bend a lead line out of my hand, but i can bend a lead line out of my hand, and i can't bend a lead line out of my hand, but i can bend a lead line out of my hand,
 when i was little i shit on the toilet seat and my dad walked in and saw my asshole dripping and laughed so hard he might've crapped in his pants.
 had to pee, stream of pee went out of the seat and bowl, sprayed all over my pants, underwear, and legs, and ricocheted upwards onto my legs.
 don't trust tifu with your bowels, you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you used to, and you'll never be able to fart like you
 i sent an email regarding a receptionist position in la and wasn't thinking and attached my resume which has my address and phone number on it. i feel so stupid! i feel so stupid! i sent an email regarding a receptionist position in la and wasn't thinking and attached my resume which has my address and phone number on it. i feel so stupid! i feel so stupid! i feel so stupid! i sent an email regarding a receptionist position in la and wasn't thinking and attached my resume which has my address and phone number on it. i feel so stupid!
 laptop + backpack stolen. ): laptop + backpack stolen. ): laptop + backpack stolen. ): laptop + backpack stolen. ): laptop + backpack stolen.
 left my headphones in my pocket, they fell on the ground, and they were gone before i could get them back. i'm a dumbass.
 i missed my class because i was too lazy to go to the bathroom and wait for the bus, and then lay down on my couch and missed my class because i was too lazy to go to the bathroom and wait for the bus, and then lay down on my couch and missed my class because i was too lazy to go to the bathroom and wait for the bus, and then lay down on my couch and missed my class because i was too lazy to go to the bathroom and wait for the bus, and then lay down on my couch and missed my class because i was too lazy to go to the bathroom and wait for the
 pushed too hard on my cock, choked, bled all over the inside of my penis. it stopped after a few minutes, but needless to say, i will be calling in to work in the morning so i can go get myself checked out :( edit: got it looked at, some bruising over the urethra, but it could have been worse.
 so wanted a metal thermometer in the pee-hole, i was too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to know better, so and i got too drunk to
 tried to clean my ear with a q-tip, ended up getting it stuck in my ear and had to wait for an hour to get it out.
 went to the fridge, got it to chug tomorrow morning. was watching a movie, got way into the movie, reached over for a drink and killed the can without meaning too. it's gonna be a long night
 ate a ton of shit, chugged half a gallon of d, forgot to take my shit, shit all over my ass cheeks and ballsack.
 i lost a lot of money on baccarat because i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to play the game. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to play the game. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to play the game. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to play the game. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to play the game. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how to play the game. i'm a dumbass who doesn
 my professor thinks i'm doing a good job, but i tell him i think smoothing it makes it worse, and then say \but you like it rough, huh?\
 i left early for a date because i forgot to set daylight savings time on my date watch and ended up almost two and a half hours early because of it.
 ate too much sweetcorn, had to catch a coach to play in a concert, couldn't poop for hours, had to poop on stage.
 passed out on the couch, pulled my shirt over my head, woke up to my dad seeing my tits, pulled my head under the covers in shame.
 ate a lot of food, brushed my tongue, puked all over the toilet, had to use toilet paper to clean it up, it was disgusting.
 i fucked up by flirting online with a guy that i had the hots for and now i'm pissed at myself for ruining the trust in our relationship.
 went to church as a kid, thought people were trying to get closer to god, screamed \put down your hands, you're never going to reach god!\
 i pulled a winch too hard and it came un-stuck all at once and hit me in the face. now my neighbour thinks i'm an idiot.
 i updated the bios on my motherboard and it stopped working and now i have a dead motherboard and i don't know how to fix it :/
 didn't clear my rain gutter, flooded my flat before my wedding, and ruined my wedding dress. i'm a dumbass and i'm an idiot.
 don't play loud music in a city that doesn't have a permit, or you'll get the fuck out of your ass.
 ** my son puked all over me and my beard, and i had to clean it up with soap and water. it's still there, though.
 tried to convince a guy that he could drink the hottest sauce in the store, he ended up choking on it and developing blisters on his tongue and throat.
 i knocked myself out with my own bat. i work with healthcare professionals. i can't afford another hospital stay or an ambulance ride. i have work tomorrow.
 took a dump, missed a spot in my asshole, thought it was a zit, found out it was a blood blister, can't clench my butt or it'll flare up.
 i slammed a lighter against a wall and it didn't explode, but my friends freaked out at me because i didn't know lighters explode when slammed against something really hard.
 got a guitar pick stuck in my ass, squirmed around in a chair with my hand in my ass, and then pulled out a guitar pick.
 didn't do an assignment, got called out on it, blushed so hard that my glasses fogged up, and had sweat on my brow.
 found a 20$ bill on the ground, thought it was my 20 bucks, turns out it wasn't, and i'm broke on my birthday.
 i don't know how to use a cell phone. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot.
 don't say \herro\ in front of japanese people. they'll think i'm a dickhead who can't speak japanese.
 tifu by comparing [tywin lanister](http://i.imgur.com/ja6hw3v.jpg) to [ron swanson](http://i.imgur.com/ja6hw3v.jpg) causing a shit storm of downvotes.
 i'm 16 and my driver's license doesn't let me drive other people until 6 months after acquisition. i went out with a friend and my phone answered the call in the car while it was being jostled around and picked up the conversation between me and my friend.
 i put aluminum foil on the back burners of my stove and set it on high to boil a pot of water, causing it to burn and fill my apartment with smoke.
 gf and i went to the beach for the first time, i didn't take any weed or liquor, and ended up with a weird poke in my back.
 i was talking to my girlfriend over skype when i noticed a piece of fuzz floating in my peripheral vision. an urge to catch said fuzz comes over me and i go to grab said fuzz. as soon as i\u2019m about to enclose it in my hand, i realize that the piece of fuzz is actually a fucking baby spider that felt like coming down from the ceiling on its web. my severe arachnophobia set in, causing me to have a panic attack and heart attack and making me look like a pussy in front of my girlfriend.
 left cigarette butts in window, window filled with rain, tobacco-stained water ran from window down the front of the house, eighteen years after i finally quit.
 fapped in the office cubicle next door, forgot to clean up, peed all over the floor. fuck fapped in office cubicle next door, peed all over the floor.
 my boyfriend left the hob on in my flat, someone set their flat on fire, i came home to a smoke filled flat and burn marks on the wooden surfaces around the oven.
 i was writing a paper in the library today, and i saved the paper on my pig usb, which i only use for school. when i went to get the usb from my backpack to print the paper, i realized i never took the usb from the computer.
 steamed some ribs with a bain-marie. the fat dripped down the boiling pot and it caught fire. i tried to put it out, but it caught fire and i had to clean it up with my [sunlight](http://www.charlottepantry.com/media/catalog/product/cache/1/image/9df78eab33525d08d6e5fb8d27136e95/c/l/cleaning_sunlightlemonfresh.jpg) blade and blasted that tar into stain.
 went to help a hot chick move. shat in a dresser. ran her over with a couch. zyklon.b looks like laughing gas compared to what i'm packing.
 i asked a deaf girl what kind of music she liked and she didn't have a clue what i was talking about. i'm a dumbass.
 met someone through friends that i got along well with. they're engaged and i've been in a relationship for over a year. we decided to meet up and see what happened. we both know that nothing will come from it. i can't do anything with my so without picturing them instead and it's driving me crazy.
 i got up late and missed my wife's meeting with her supervisor. she will most likely be written up and lose her chance to get to the next position in 6 months which she was on track to do.
 don't eat them, they're maggots, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good, they're good
 coworker kicked me off a register , i tried to give back the money to the customer , coworker grabs the cash out of my hand in front of the customer and just starts giving it to her.
 i've been using fabric softener instead of detergent for the past two weeks and now i'm going to have to buy a new washer and dryer.
 i used jerk-ins lotion to make a naplam and ended up with a second degree burn on my hands and a bad taste in my mouth. fml
 tried to lube my legs with axe, ended up making orgasm noises in a public washroom and was late for class. i'm an idiot.
 tried to give my so a deep-throated blowjob, ended up puking in my sink because the toilet wasn't close enough to the sink.
 i didn't tighten my front brakes, flipped my bike over a car and scraped my knee off a wall. no one was hurt, just me looking like a tit.
 i fucked up by showing too much interest in a girl and now she might be backing away from me. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i locked my keys in my s/o's car and had to pay 70$ to get the key out. i'm a dumbass.
 thought boxers were clean, pulled them right on up to my nose to sniff, they were far from clean. i'm a lazy, unsanitary college student.
 i wore an alpaca sweater around my waste like it was 1985 again and got the fuck outta there. i'm a developer at a large financial company.
 it's not that long, it's just that it's so long that it's hard to keep track of what's going on.
 ate mcdonalds for the first time in over a year and now i can't feel my bowels or eat anything for the rest of the night.
 my friend became a racist over the past five years, i didn't know, and almost got us killed. i'm still dealing with the aftermath.
 i put a sock on my right foot and a shoe on my left foot while trying to put on socks and shoes in a daze at 8 a.m.
 went off-roading for my brother's birthday, got stuck on a tree stump, broke my quadbike handlebars, and knocked myself out in a tree.
 i gave a kid a lighter and he threw it in the dumpster and set it on fire...the police and fire department are going to be coming to my door to do a report
 i slept in my cousin's bed and threw up all over her floor. i have to usher at the wedding and everybody is going to know what i did.
 i let my daughter get her face painted like a tiger at a new tattoo shop and it wouldn't come off. i'm a dumbass.
 girlfriend gave me a blowjob after i used a numbing condom and it made her mouth completely numb. she couldn't eat, drink, or speak properly.
 i left my pants on the floor of the bathroom while taking a shower and a spider crawled out of my pants while i screamed and threw my pants on the ground.
 took sleeping pills that make you drowsy and then fall asleep without proper clothing in plain sight on because your bf may just not shut the door, and your boobs will be on display to all who arrive and walk past.
 wanted to take a picture of a cactus, got stuck in a cactus, parents had to help me out, had to be taken to the er.
 used shampoo as lube, ended up with a bloody canyon in the tip of my penis, and now i'm afraid to fap in sanctioned areas.
 took zanaflex(tizanidine) for muscle spasms. hallucinations began to take over. i thought i saw a man with a gun in my house. i called the cops, no one could be found within a 5 mile range of my house. night hallucination : i lay in bed, trying to relax after realizing everything that happened earlier 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i crushed a lot of medicine into powder to commit suicide, texted the girl i love, wrote an e-mail, knocked on her neighbour's door and woke the whole house up.
 a special needs student walked into my health class and let out a down syndrome roar, my friend looked at me bright as cherry red and laughed at me.
 i put a bucket next to my bed, leaned over the wrong side of the bed and projectile vomited on my $2000 laptop. i'm an idiot.
 busted my ass in front of my girlfriend, she fell and bruised her foot, and i have a hemorrhoid on my asshole.
 shat myself after walking from a cab, on neighbours front lawn at 3 am then proceeded to try and get into my house dripping shit from my ass while my pants were around my ankles...
 got drunk on a date, asked the same ice breaker questions to my date, she said i was too drunk to remember anything, she wanted to leave.
 i laughed in a kid's face about his father trying to kill himself, got sent to the principal's office and he didn't believe me.
 played tears in heaven by eric clapton, got asked how to play guitar, replied that it can't really be summed up into one sentence.
 **: sent a pic of the ol' ween to my boss's appleid and now i'm waiting for his wife or kids or grandkids to see it.
 said something to the effect of, \we always tell you it's big even when it's not,\ or something along those lines to the effect of, \we always tell you it's big even when it's not,\ or something along those lines to the effect of, \we always tell you it's big even when it's not,\ or something along those lines to the effect of, \we always tell you it's big even when it's not,\ or something along those lines to the effect of, \we always tell you it's big even when it's not
 didn't make my friend's surprise birthday party because i failed my driving test, she replied saying her party is not today, i said \oh what the fuck?! my notifications say your party is today! oh jk wed!! but isn't your party tonight??!\ i'm such a fucking idiot she replied saying she is so confused. i am friends (well at least i still hope i am) with the people there and i ruined her surprised birthday party fuck my life everyone hates me this was the same girl that in my junior year of high school, i broke her iphone by accident
 tifu by farting in front of a girl at school, got an apology and no consequences for me or the girl. i'm an asshole.
 i ran into a parked thunderbird because i thought the rest of the lot was open. a few minutes later, another car pulls up and these random people form a chain from the thunderbird to the other car and start pulling dope from the thunderbird.
 went to a gig, hung in the back headbanging, looked like i knocked a guy over, now i look like an asshole for not helping him up.
 i accidentally peed on the god-father of my boyfriend in the middle of the night in a bathtub full of water in a dacha in russia.
 i tripped over some of my sisters shit and broke my tv while trying to get out of my room. it's just a thing which can be replaced but i'm trying to save up for a new vehicle and getting a new tv will put a decent hit on my savings.
 faceplanted in front of ten thousand people in front of pope francis's holiday speech. i've never been a fan of the attention.
 went for a poo, couldn't find the roll dispenser, ran to the next cubicle with my pants and trousers around my ankles, lecturer walked in and caught me
 got wasted in amsterdam, went to a hooker's cabin, ripped off my condom, went for a piss and ended up filling it up with piss.
 didn't wipe enough, cut my butthole open by toilet paper, now my anus is so much a wuss that it got cut open by some fucking toilet roll.
 tifu by setting my cat on fire while using a candle for the first time. she's fine now, but i'm a horrible person.
 told a girl i'm going to marry her when i'm going to be related to her, now i have to see her for an entire semester.
 i tried to take an a/c unit downstairs, it flew out the window and landed on my sister's car roof. she's taking the bus for the next few weeks.
 i brought my friends down the street to my uncles house and ended up vomiting all over my grandmothers ashes and my friends are vomiting through out the house.
 i spit through a cop's car window and he ripped his shirt open to reveal his police outfit. i'm a dumbass. fml.
 i put my sunglasses in my shirt pocket and they fell out and got run over by a car. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they were nice expensive ray bans. they
 tried to break a couch in half with my car, ended up smashing my headlight and denting my bonnet, costing me $70 to fix. and the couch was still in one piece.
 tifu by letting a drunk woman into my car and giving her all the change i had to buy her some 'ciggies'. i'm a frugal bastard.
 i failed my final exam in calc 3 and now i'm going to have to look into a major i don't want to be in.
 i farted in my bf's parents house and now i can't stop thinking about how i'm going to break it to him.
 my partner farted in front of a man talking about his wife who died 5 years ago. i cracked up and found out he was talking about her.
 mutherfucker crawled into my boxers and i palm smashed myself in the business. killed it and probably several million sperm. i'm an idiot.
 went to star museum in virginia, thought we were going to be locked up and raped, took us an hour to get out, dad bitched about it.
 i wiped my bottom with toilet paper that was red. it didn't hurt, but it took a few wipes to get it clean and perty.
 i'm a dumbass who doesn't know what subreddits are for trees. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know what subreddits are for trees. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know what subreddits are for trees. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know what subreddits are for trees. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know what subreddits are for trees. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know what subreddits are for trees. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know
 ate popeyes, had to walk home, pooped in my boxers, had to put them back on until my best friend could get to my house.
 i shat my pants in a restaurant bathroom, a little kid decided to use the bathroom and peed all over my ass, and i had to go home with a dirty ass.
 i'm an asshole who burned a lady's ass with warming gel and now i think i'm a real asshole.
 failed the second exam in this class that i need to get my bachelors, 2 weeks before my graduation ceremony. even if i get 100's on the next two exams, i still won't make a c in order to get credit.
 went out for dinner with my family. stepbrother was telling jokes. i chirped up a joke. stepbrother lied about the wheels. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother lied about the anal. stepbrother
 tried to impress my friends with my culinary skills, ended up cutting my thumb open with a kitchen knife and clipping the tip of the thumb nail on the cutting board.
 i itch my nose with my shoulder, fan out a bag with my hands, and my shoulder decides to jump up directly into my nose, more or less punching myself in the face.
 i dropped the needle on the wrong spot and fucked the first part of the first song on quiet riot's \metal health\ album. also ratts out of the cellar and europes the final countdown are still near mint. also on the bright side only a small part of that song was fucked up and it was the only song that was damaged. also on the bright side ratts out of the cellar and europes the final countdown (both of which i also just bought) are still near mint.
 played upwords in language arts, clits said clips, friend made it say cunts then clits finally it said clips, teacher did not see it.
 don't trust a fart when you have the flu, and don't trust a fart when you're in the throes of funk.
 i flipped open my test booklet thinking it was section 3 of the sat, but it was section 3 of the december test, which i can't go to college for.
 e-receipts aren't as discreet as they used to be, and i'm not sure i'll be buying them again anytime soon.
 cut my pubes with scissors, made a triangle out of my foreskin, it healed very quickly and only left an insignificant isosceles triangle scar.
 ran out of gas, friend hung her ass over a guard rail and pooped on the side of the freeway in the dark. she's embarrassed, but shit happens right?
 i told my girlfriend i loved her and now she's mad at me and i don't know what to do. i'm a dumbass.
 i thought my puppy was chewing on the remote, turns out it was my dad on top of my mom, and now i'm scarred for life.
 fell asleep on the beach, friends think i may have narcolepsy, woke up, nice rested and drove back home, looked at the back of my legs, burnt.
 i was shaking out a comforter and dropped my ipad onto the concrete below, someone took it and now i have no money to buy a new one with.
 went on a one night stand with a hot guy. woke up naked in the hallway of the hotel i was staying in. tried to use the bathroom in the wrong room.
 my brother and i tried to steal my neighbours scooter, ended up chasing her with a machete while she was house sitting for a week, and now she probably won't even open the front door.
 customer dropped 2 liter of sprite between dames legs. 2 liter of sprite erupted directly under her. could go viral with the video but i love my job too much.
 had 3some, saved photos/video to secret email account, email account was deactivated, all those photos/videos went with it. fml.
 fell asleep in class for the first time, woke up to everyone pointing and laughing and the teacher throwing paper wads at me saying \hey sport you got some z's above your head\
 tried to make a tequila cocktail with habanero pepper in it, created a chemical weapon in my kitchen and spewed it all over the floor of my house.
 i posted a funny comment on askreddit and didnt get reddit gold i asked politely for ppl to give me reddit gold and i didnt get it now im sad
 asked a pregnant woman when she was due, she thought i was pregnant and i got fired. i'm a dumbass. i'm an idiot.
 i'm seeing my girlfriend in a few weeks and after being apart for a couple of months i really wanted to look my best for her. so i was determined to keep up my routine. huffing, grunting and urging myself on. one more, i can do this.* unbeknown to me, that one more resulted in a plethora of drizzling feculence erupting from my ass, bolting a good 2 feet across the room like a brown murky sound wave. a malodorous odor crept into every corner of the gym as i toddled out of there as fast as i can with my
 i hid condoms and lighters in a box of kids magazines in high school. now i have to wait for my parents to call me to find out.
 i told a friend that my best friend had slept with his ex-girlfriend. he didn't take it well, and one of my friends ran after him.
 took a hit at a party, dry heaved like a cat with a hair ball, couldn't get through the rest of the night and had to leave.
 i locked the coins out of the register without putting them back in and now i'm waiting for my boss to call me monday morning to laugh her ass off.
 tried to help my friend get a job, ended up yelling at her for being a stupid bitch, and now i'm teaching her how to lie to get a job.
 i broke down on my quad and threw my phone because i was so pissed off at my husband for not answering the phone....never to be found again.
 i farted too hard and scratched my graphics card, so now i can't buy a new card or buy a new cooler or buy a new motherboard or buy new ram or buy a new cooler or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new cooler or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or buy a new motherboard or
 i did it for shits and giggles. i did it for shits and giggles. i did it for shits and giggles. i did it for shits and giggles.
 my friend hit a squirrel in the eyeball with a golf ball and i had to throw it into the bushes to keep it out of the middle of the tee box.
 tifu by filling up my volkswagen passat tdi with gasoline before topping it off with fuel additive. it's been giving me some engine trouble recently, so i got some fuel additive and decided to fill up before topping it off with the additive. it's been giving me some engine trouble recently, so i got some fuel additive and decided to fill up before topping it off with the additive. it's been giving me some engine trouble recently, so i got some fuel additive and decided to fill up before topping it off with the additive. it's been giving me some engine trouble recently, so i got
 had a shit, went to the bathroom, wiped my ass with the same hand i was wiping with, had a panic attack and pulled up my pants and gtfo.
 went to city hall to get my plates replaced, ended up with a giant orange thing on my wheel. $400, 3 hrs and one cab ride later: i am back where i was at 9 am. fuck.
 thought i saved a baby rabbit from being hit by my mower. turns out he was hit by a bus full of special needs kids. rabbit ran away.
 i peed all over my foyer, and my computer is right next to the place it all happened, and my family is going to be pissed when they get home.
 didn't wash my windshield, hit a guy with my car, he made it out of the way, and i met my best friend i hadn't seen in 6 months.
 i'm not an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole. i'm just an asshole.
 i met a cute girl at the beach and told her to have a good day. it was really nice and she was really cool, but i didn't say anything else.
 i told my teacher that the crucible is the fear of satan and i'm going to see him after class, and tomorrow is going to be exciting.
 i took a girl home, she threw in a picture of us, and wrote \i really did love you\ in sharpie on the back of my hoodie.
 never masturbated without lube, got a warts virus on the tip of my dick, can't get rid of them without freezing them off, might have to stop sexy time with a girl i just started hanging out with.
 don't fuck with your car windows. it's not worth it. fuck you, fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. fuck you. f
 tried to hide sleepy boners from my manager, ended up getting fired from my first job after 2 years of trying to make it in the job market.
 peed in front of the post office. got caught by two women. call off work for the rest of the day and try to forget about it.
 didn't do one final quality check on the data you send to qa. now i have to do one final quality check on the data you send to qa.
 tried to scare my friend, got punched in the eye by a 15 year old. let her take a picture and now everyone knows i got a black eye.
 my friend wanted to fist a spider, but i said why would he want to fist a spider? that's when i made thing's really akward by trying being funny and said why would he want to fist a spider? that's when i made thing's really akward by trying being funny and said why would he want to fist a spider? that's when i made thing's really akward by trying being funny and said why would he want to fist a spider? that's when i made thing's really akward by trying being funny and said why would he
 i bang two glass bottles so hard against each other that one explodes like a rupert drop. i didn't end up with any serious wounds.
 i put lime gatorade in my ankle ice pack, fell asleep, woke up to a girl bringing me dinner, and had to explain myself to her.
 i forgot my room-mate's key in my superman pants and had to walk 2 hours to get his key. i'm an idiot.
 i tried to cook with my hands and ended up with liquid bacon grease that will burn you if you don't put it out of the frying pan.
 tried to make a smoothie, ended up making a shitstorm of smoothie alllllllllll over my kitchen and living room and my dog licked it off the floor.
 i don't have a towel and i'm soaking my foot in a bowl of water and i don't have a towel and i will need to go to the bathroom soon because it is cold.
 took my dad's capture card out of my pc while the computer was on, it bumped into the graphics card and now the fan isn't spinning.
 i promised my family i'd be able to find a stream of the parade, but i can't find a recording or a re-run stream.
 i was supposed to give a presentation for my ww1 history class it was worth 30% of the final grade. i fell asleep at 7am and work up today at 10:15.
 tried to make my own root beer float, it exploded all over my bed. now i'm sitting on a blank mattress with nothing but my own to keep me warm.
 i thought i had the green light, but the traffic light was red, and i crashed into a expensive lady's car because i thought i had the green light.
 i listened to a song about going back in time to spend more time with a loved one who you didn't get to say good bye to.
 today i fucked up by losing a key to a handcuff that i've had for years and now i need to go to the police to get them to un-cuff me.
 i bought plane tickets a month ago and am not going to be able to make it home for thanksgiving, so i shall drown my sorrows with pumpkin pie.
 went in for a kiss, nose exploded on my girlfriend's face, she wipes her face, backs up, and we both just stand there.
 went shot for shot, blacked out, told a girl to go fuck herself, fell and puked all over myself and shaved my eyebrows off.
 tried to be funny to an audience that's too high and mighty for comedy. fuck reddit. fuck dickbags. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit. fuck reddit
 tifu by referring to our marathon sex day as 'happy marathon sex day!' instead of 'marathon sex day!' and now my partner is about to head off to collect her children, marking the end of the marathon sex day that never was
 tried to get a better view of the rugby, ended up flopping like a 70kg fish in front of the girls at the gym and almost died.
 now its burned and funny tastes. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i'm an idiot. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i don't know what i'm going to do with my life. i
 i'm saving a shit ton of money to go to community college, but i have two dropped classes and a work ethic that's shit.
 i forgot my keys, ran back into the house and took my dad's car keys. he shows up to work two hours late and almost gets fired.
 i borrowed my dad's car to work, the bottom of the car fell off and now my dad's new dodge dart is probably going to smell of shitty wok for the rest of its life.
 boyfriend and i went to his brother's house to shower together, got caught by his sister-in-law, and now she won't talk to us.
 i jumped out of the way of a pump-cart, knocked the steering apparatus out of the way, and it turned right at me and punctured my foot.
 went to wal-mart to get a copy of the last of us, lost my money, and am now game-less, money-less, and sipping my soda.
 i tried to flush with my foot, got caught on the toilet handle and ripped my shoe off of my foot. now i'm down a shoe.
 i left a zippo lighter on the counter of my gf's parent's house and found a nanny cam video of my gf's son in law spraying his fluid all over their kitchen bar.
 i did on-the-spot math on my wage without thinking it through, and now i'm afraid i won't get a car loan.
 i told target i couldn't make it. now i'm back in the applicant pool and i can't make it to the first interview.
 i masturbated with my legs spread open and i felt something on my leg. i thought it was one of my hairs (my brain didn't have the necessary blood to question where the hair would come from) and didn't think anything of it. the next second, i felt something jump from my leg and land on my lips and i backed up, shocked, then freaked the fuck out when i saw that little fucker peering up at me.
 was out way too late the night before and only had 3 hours sleep, didn't realize someone was trying to flirt with me until an hour later.
 got drunk, went to a hot girl's place, pissed myself on her couch, no info, just scrammed. i'm a dumbass.
 i got a cat in my apartment and now i have to get rid of him or they will take action and i'm not sure if they'll let me keep him.
 left my handbrake on, got stuck in mud, ripped up my friend's driveway, and wasted everyone's time trying to get me out.
 went on a long walk/jog in my toe shoes, tore a huge blister and had to get it stitched up at the urgent care.
 i'm director of a play about a pancake house, and one of the actors i'm working with is in a long-distance relationship with the play's heroine. i ask him if his costume looks better buttoned or un-buttoned, and he tells me he's in a long-distance relationship with the play's heroine. i'm director of a play about a pancake house, and one of the actors i'm working with is in a long-distance relationship with the play's heroine. i ask him if his costume looks better buttoned or un-buttoned, and he tells me
 i ate my friend's food and now he's in the hospital, and i'm dying from a cold i can't taste.
 i burned a hole through my deck because i didn't pay attention to what i was doing and didn't realize it was burning until it was too late.
 boyfriend thought i was proposing to him, turns out it's the charging port to his phone charger. i'm an idiot and he's an idiot.
 got drunk with my wife, she fucked me raw, i lied on the bed, she threw a towel at me and told me to clean up my whore.
 asked if she could give me a bj with her butt. didn't know she was on the phone with her mom. currently single. yay!
 bought new windscreen wipers. wiper arm fell back down. windscreen smashed. \u00a380 new windscreen. wipers suck. i'm a dumbass.
 i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going to transfer schools because i fucked up and now i'm going
 i tried to fart vodka into my asshole, straw ripped my asshole open and now my asshole screams when i take the bottle out.
 got blackout drunk, pissed in a paper bag and walked out of my room naked in front of my house mates and sat down at my computer desk in what would be a dining room area.
 filled my contact case with cleaning solution instead of rinsing/storage solution and now my eye is red and stinging and i can't see in my right eye.
 i accidentally synced my dad's phone with my mom's nudes on it and now i can't look at them ever again. fml.
 i forgot i had bananas, placed them in a dish that had no bottom, and they dissolved into the dish, ruining it, and now i have fruit flies everywhere.
 stuck poopballs underneath my carpet, nanny thought they were cookies, now i'm known as the poopball fiend on the internet. i'm an asshole.
 i ate supernoodles and threw up all over the bathroom floor in the middle of the night because i didn't want to go back to sleep.
 bought a non-refundable, non-changeable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable, non-refundable
 shit in the lou, kicked it in the other woman's stall, and half ran half walk out of the lou; shaking and sweating.
 i got sick, ate pizza, vomited all over the tub, and farted all over my underwear. i'm pretty sure i'll never eat pizza again.
 tried to pee on an airplane, bathroom shakes, urine everywhere, air hostess comes to give me my food, all my pee leaks out on her shoes.
 met a girl a while back, asked her out, she told me she had a boyfriend, we met up as friends, awkwardness ensued, i feel like i've just made a good friendship incredibly awkward, i don't think i can ever speak to her again, and if we do, it won't be the same as before.
 i tried to take a pregnancy test, ended up pissing all over the kitchen and the bathroom, and dropping the stick i was holding in my other hand.
 habanero dripped in my eye and i squeezed it with my habanero fingers to get it out. it was really painful and took a lot of washing to get the pain out.
 if, for whatever reason, you have ever wondered what it feels like for a cat to lick your eyeball; just stop. it feels like sanding your eyeball with course sandpaper.
 said fuckin mormons to a group of people walking in and proceeded to douse a random car, hood, trunk, windows, etc... with the longest piss of my life
 asked a well known director why my age was important. he called me rude and said good night. i should have worded it differently or asked later on but i still had a right to know why my age was important.
 i feel unimportant to my girlfriend, she didn't text me for an hour and a half because her grandma died, and now i feel like an asshole.
 went to buy a t-shirt in the dressing room, ended up going to the er to get my shoulder put back into place. while the doctor was coming in to put my shoulder back into place, i was taking my shirt off so he could work better. they shot me in the ass with anti-inflammatory / pain medicine, prescribed me some vicodin, and sent me on my way.
 my brother saw my dildo and butt plugs in front of my bedroom door. i haven't seen him since. i've been avoiding him.
 i'm an asshole who can't speak english and can't type well in language part of brain. i'm an asshole who can't speak english and can't type well in language part of brain. i'm an asshole who can't speak english and can't type well in language part of brain. i'm an asshole who can't speak english and can't type well in language part of brain. i'm an asshole who can't speak english and can't type well in language part of brain.
 i serenaded a stranger in the bathroom with the canadian national anthem because i don't know those words to the song and i'm not canadian.
 i went to my friend's mom's house instead of his mom's house, and now i'm thinking about all sorts of things that could have happened.
 called my ex-girlfriend in google voice to test out a new microphone and headphone combo, she already hung up on me, and i'm pretty sure she doesn't want to talk to me.
 i stuck a scarf full of urine and toilet water in my neck and flipped it around to wrap it around my neck. it didn't make it all the way around and ended up smacking me in the face.
 my friend accidentally opened up a picture of his sister's nude on his xbox and now he's scarred for life and emotionally scarred for life.
 sneezed so hard that i made violent contact with a door and now my wife and child think i'm a choofer and i'm going to hell.
 i tried to fix a virus on my friend's computer, she doesn't want me to fix it anymore, and i don't know what to do.
 bought a pair of prescription eyeglasses, put them in my backpack, lost them, and now i can't go out with a friend or upgrade my phone.
 i threw my mouse to the side of my desk where it flung into the monitor. now i am in need of a new monitor. as a 21-year old \kid\ who still goes to \school\ this proves rather troublesome...
 got pulled over for having weed in my car, didn't pull over quickly enough, cops thought i was a drug dealer, got away with it.
 i made fun of a mentally challenged guy at a bar, and now i feel like i'm going to drink myself deeper into darkness. fml.
 i had a shit storm, pooped in my boxers and had to clean them with soap and water. i lost all mmy game and confidence, as i walked around the bar with soapy and poop boxers.
 tried to give roomie a smoke, ended up covering his hand with a blanket and making it look like i was trying to set the couch on fire.
 i accidentally swallowed while driving and ran over a squirrel while driving back to my house with my two kids in the backseat. i'm a terrible person.
 i drank moldy apple juice and feel like a dumbass for not reading that it should've been refrigerated. now i'm scarred for life.
 i tried to catapult frogs off a drain with a 2x4 and ended up in the hospital with 10 stitches and the realization that catapulting frogs is not the best idea.
 i forgot to turn off the stove and cooked my fianc\u00e9's breakfast for 12 hours without turning it off. i'm a dumbass.**
 i tried to flirt with a starbucks counter worker and ended up dropping my keys on the counter. now i have to call my room mate to pick them up.
 went to look at a car on craigslist, thought it was a w123, turns out it was a diesel, missed out on one hell of a bargain.
 i wore a t-shirt with the word coon all over my chest in a cruise ship with 50% black people and got mistaken for a racist.
 i got drunk and had sex with a girl i've been fooling around with for a few weeks. my neck looked like it was covered in hickeys.
 i left a fake graveyard decoration in my lawn for a few days and it ended up blowing over to my old neighbor's house, where he fell and died.
 i left my flashdrive in my khakis, and had to present it in front of my picky spanish 2 teacher, who is an asshole.
 don't use ctrl+r to bring up your \run command\ bar, it will refresh the page. don't use ctrl+r to bring up your \run command\ bar, it will refresh the page.
 my gf and i trashed our apartment before our landlady could tour it, now she wants to talk to us about our lease and is not happy with us.
 got into a fight with my dad and sister-in-law and took my frustrations out on fb airing my dirty laundry. sister-in-law bitched me out saying i was ungrateful and spoiled and that i was throwing a tantrum on fb airing my dirty laundry. my mother then told me to take off my post. which pissed me off because this is the second i ve had to delete my feelings because of my fucking sister-in-law is an idiot.
 i peed on a toilet seat, squeezed my dick, and now my dick is on fire and i don't know if i should go see a doctor.
 poured half a bottle of turps into the sink and on people's hands/arms. now the art rooms smell strongly of chemical, to the point where it's nearly unbearable. go me.
 i outsed myself on ask.fm, and now i'm afraid i'm going to be ostracized at school on tuesday because of it.
 wanted to tell my mother in law that i don't want her eating the hot pockets without asking first, but ended up asking her if she had any.
 i tried to facetime my girlfriend, but my camera was on my face, and her dad saw my dick. i don't know what to do.
 worked 12 to 2 for my manager, took his 2012 ford mustang home, forgot to fill it up first, crashed it through my rear view mirror.
 i kissed my friend's gf, and now i feel like a slut because i'm really close with his gf, and i feel like a terrible person.
 bought a futon online, forgot the delivery date, had to take out the soa-bed to make way for the futon, now the floor is super hard.
 tried to catch up on a show at work, ended up playing the show out of my speakers instead. now everyone knows when my headphones are on and i am watching tv.
 drank half a bottle of eye drops in 3 seconds, threw up for 12 hours, got the kid back a year later, and still have a headache.
 i fucked up by not knowing what i was doing, and getting a call from the cio at 5:30 in the morning to say the website is down.
 i'm an idiot and my weight loss journey is over because i can't get my google chromebooks to work. i'm an idiot and my weight loss journey is over because i can't get my google chromebooks to work. i'm an idiot and my weight loss journey is over because i can't get my google chromebooks to work. i'm an idiot and my weight loss journey is over because i can't get my google chromebooks to work. i'm an idiot and my weight loss journey is over because i can't get my google chromebooks to work.
 i cashed a paycheck that was on a hold for a week and ended up with nearly $200 in overdraft fees. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i can't afford to buy a new macbook pro, and now i have to rewrite an essay because of water damage on my macbook. i'm fucked.
 got high, talked to old friend from high school, told her i wanted to be a drug dealer, she didn't want to talk to me.
 i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how express packages work. i work at a ups store. i accidentally swapped the labels before affixing them. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how express packages work. i work at a ups store. they were both in express packages and i accidentally swapped the labels before affixing them. i'm a dumbass who doesn't know how express packages work. i work at a ups store. they were both in express packages and i accidentally swapped the labels before affixing them. i'm a dumbass
 i told a kid in my class that his parents were divorced and that his mom was dead, making the whole class think i'm an asshole.
 i left a package of bacon in the batter of a scones, and everyone in my culinary class got sick, one girl cried, and i hope i passed the lab.
 got drunk, didn't put on my glasses, went to the bathroom naked and took a piss while staring at a figure in my living room playing video games.
 i posted a fat person meme at work and offended the fat guy in the office. now i'm waiting for hr to talk to me about it.
 i parked in the wrong spot and the back window of my car fell on it. it's 16 years old and they don't make it anymore.
 ate a chilli, snorted an ass bogey, didn't wash my hands and pee, and now i'm in deep uncomfort.
 i put my sheets in the wash with my dog's vomit on them and they turned out to be a shade of pink when i put them in the tumbler.
 dad asked me to help him kill weeds and shit, i sprayed the whole lawn with weed killer. he mowed the lawn before hand too, so the fact that he did it all for nothing made him a teeny bit angrier.
 -before i called the locksmith to open my cardoor because my dumbass left the keys inside there....boom, 180 bucks, gone. -before i called the locksmith to open my cardoor because my dumbass left the keys inside there....boom, 180 bucks, gone.
 my uncle was trying to get a company to pick up his idea for an airline company that he and a bunch of other people had an idea for. the plane hits one of the twin towers on 9/11/01.
 thought i would get away from being ill for the first time in 5 years, ended up throwing up blood and vomit through my mouth and nose while crying.
 used roaming 3g to watch porn, couldn't get connection back, spent all my credit on 5 minutes of porn, now i'm stuck in germany
 my dad and i went to rent a movie in the wrong car, the guy who owns the car saw us, called the cops, and my dad was in handcuffs.
 sniffed my wife's panties, smelled my wife's panties, now my wife's panties smell gross to me and i can't stop thinking about her.
 i used an old android phone as an ip camera and my family thinks i'm a peeper because i'm a horny 16 year old.
 i went for a long run and shit in a hedge in the middle of the back yard of a friend's house. i'm an idiot.
 i fucked up by mistaking the gbr flag for the confederate flag and now my friend thinks i'm an asshole for showing him the video.
 ate a bag of vitamin fiber gummies and now i have a giant red ring on my ass.. i'm a fucking idiot..
 i handled ghost chilies with my bare hands and now my dickhole is feeling like it's about to get kicked in the nuts. don't know what to do.
 went to carlsbad caverns, woke up early, paid $20, saw a cave off the trail, decided to climb down, guide escorted us out.
 i'm a dumbass who can't tell the difference between a phone call and a facetime call. i'm a dumbass who can't tell the difference between a phone call and a facetime call. i'm a dumbass who can't tell the difference between a phone call and a facetime call. i'm a dumbass who can't tell the difference between a phone call and a facetime call. i'm a dumbass who can't tell the difference between a phone call and a facetime call.
 i hid my husband's birthday card in a safe place and now i can't remember where it is and i'm going to buy him anything he wants from amazon as long as he never tells his mother what i did.
 i'm a wedding photographer and my fianc\u00e9's mother died today. i had to replace myself with another photographer for this weekend's wedding (we are a large company so we can easily replace myself with another equally skilled photographer) and the client said \i don't give a fuck who died!\ and hung up on me.
 broke up with ex, tried to go out with best friend, got rejected, got friendzoned by ex's boyfriend, got kik message saying \i like you more than a friend but don't want to ruin our friendship\.
 took a multivitamin on an empty stomach, forgot how much caffeine is in them. now i'm jittery and shaky. i have my concealed carry class shortly, sure hope i'm not expected to shoot straight much less accurately.
 i applied for a job at the grocery store, they didn't want to give me the janitor's job, and now i'm a pharmacy tech.
 woke up naked, poured bowling water on a banana, got part of my hand and thigh, waiting to see if its any worse then the worst way to wake up ever.
 i got drunk and lost my phone, which has my entire life inside of it, and i don't know anyone in the city i live in.
 i told a girl to loose weight, she forgave me, i joined the navy, she fell for me, now she is pissed at me and wants nothing to do with me.
 i spilled coffee on a guy's shirt because he didn't look as i was walking back out of the cafeteria and he didn't see me.
 i didn't look both ways when crossing the street and a car hit me on my brand new bike. the car didn't have any damage.
 pedophile husband walks in on me fixing his wife's internet at her house, and i tell him i'm at her house fixing the internet for her pedophile husband.
 i stepped into dogshit, washed my hands with soap, shook a lot of hands with my poorly cleaned hand and a girl asked if i pooped in my hand.
 i forgot to log out of my phone so i didn't receive a call, and a customer was on the phone with me for twenty seconds.**
 i shook a bottle of vanilla coca-cola next to my girlfriend's bed, she opened it, and it spilled all over the floor and her clothes.
 i tried to have sex with my friend, but i didn't want to do it at the same time, so i ended up nude with a boner.
 took a picture of an order for a friend, sent it to a mutual friend, his mother found out and was very angry. i'm a dumbass.
 i met my aunt for the first time since i was a kid, and she asked me a bunch of weird questions about how to say my name properly.
 i'm an idiot who can't tell the difference between plan b and plan c. i'm also an idiot who can't tell the difference between plan b and plan c. i'm an idiot who can't tell the difference between plan b and plan c. i'm an idiot who can't tell the difference between plan b and plan c. i'm an idiot who can't tell the difference between plan b and plan c. i'm an idiot who can't tell the difference between plan b and plan c. i'm an idiot who can't tell the
 i tried to talk to a girl on the train, ended up listening to taylor swift instead and fell asleep. i'm a beta and i'm an idiot.
 woke up turned on the shower and came to find a movie to watch got distracted and two hours later remembered i had turned on the hot water woke up turned on the shower and came to find a movie to watch got distracted and two hours later remembered i had turned on the hot water
 tried peanut butter for the first time and now i have hives and can't eat or drink for a few days. i'm a dumbass.
 i threw a tennis ball at my neighbor's dog, he ran into traffic and was run over by a semi truck. i'm a terrible person.
 i didn't want to have a date with my best friend, and now she's moving away and i don't know what to do.
 i peed in front of a couple people and then ran up to my place covered in my own urine. never too late to start doing kegel exercises, huh.
 told my friend someone thought she looked pregnant and now she feels like shit. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me. then her bf texted me saying he's going to kill me.
 [i love parmesean cheese so much, i opened the wrong end.](http://i.imgur.com/nlspvd5.jpg)
 tried to pet my cat, he ran into a tree, got hit by a car, his leg was ripped off and he bled out behind the tree.
 don't drink coffee if you don't want to look like you're having a cup of coffee with your boobs all over the place.
 i put my dog in a kennel, he shat all over the bottom of the kennel, i had to shove the kennel across my deck and down the stairs to get it out. the bottom of the kennel slides out and rockets dog shit down the stairs, all over the stairs and onto my shoes.
 ** i showed a picture of an african baby being buttfucked by a monkey in front of my class. everyone was cringing and i was in tears.
 fainted in public, woke up with a sexy bump in my nose. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford ambulance. can't afford medical alert bracelet. can't afford
 i left a knob for gas wide open in a classroom and they evacuated the whole building and called the fire department. i never heard the hiss of gas escaping.
 i tried to remove a plastic clip from my pci-e video card, it wouldn't come out and i couldn't see what was going on.
 tried to fix my sleep schedule by staying up all night, now i have work starting in 4 and a half hours and i'm not even tired.
 i peed on my supervisor's car seat while she was driving me home. i'm a terrible person and i'm afraid to go back to work.
 oompa loompas are a gateway to fucking midgets, but they're also a gateway to getting drunk and having sex with hot girls.
 looked at whitemilkpower.com in class, teacher saw it, assigned an assignment to do, thought i was going to be verbally raped up the ass by my teacher.
 i was wearing maternity jeans that went under my belly, not over, which was my first mistake because i have no ass. i was in the middle of a busy store, looking at glider chairs, and the jeans just slid off. no slow slide so i could catch them, just a drop to the floor. there i was standing in the middle of the store with my pants around my ankles, looking humiliated and confused.
 i flexed my dick muscle during a massage and it looked like a costco hot dog flailing around, wondering when *it* was gonna get rubbed down.
 i didn't look to the right before crossing the street, and almost got hit by a car because i didn't look at the right place.
 i shit myself while mopping the floor, left a strip of corn paste in my bloomers, it smeared around, and i'm embarrassed as fuck.
 tried to be adventurous, slipped on algae, got sucked under a giant ass boulder, and got stuck in the rapids for 10 seconds. my little bro and friend came to my rescue.
 didn't get any eggs for easter. gf and family are going to have to wait until next year to find out if they're getting any.
 bought an old all-in-one pc, played dubstep through it at the same volume, now every track with even the slightest amount of bass sounds terrible.
 i pressed ctrl+shift+t to open a new tab, but accidentally pressed ctrl+shift+t instead, opening the recently closed tab.
 played civ v late into the night, woke up to a real estate agent walking in on me in my sleep. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to masturbate in a cold room, ended up frying my genitals and getting laughed at by my mom. i'm a dumbass.
 i got a $50 parking ticket, forgot to tap on the fare, and got another $75 ticket less than 12 hours from my last one. fml.
 used my personal computer to skype at work, forgot my displayname and picture to accompany it. boss is pissed and hr might want to talk with me.
 i tried to heat my house with wood and ended up setting it on fire and now my house is smoky and my list of dumb shit not to do is longer.
 pulled an all nighter, went to mcdonalds, got mad at the manager, had sex with my girlfriend, and then went back to sleep.
 drove my coworker to her friend's apartment, she had sex with her friend, i fell asleep, coworker's girlfriend woke me up and broke up with me.
 i'm an asshole who doesn't understand semantics, and i'm probably going to lose my job because of it. i'm an asshole who doesn't understand semantics, and i'm probably going to lose my job because of it. i'm an asshole who doesn't understand semantics, and i'm probably going to lose my job because of it. i'm an asshole who doesn't understand semantics, and i'm probably going to lose my job because of it. i'm an asshole who doesn't understand semantics,
 didn't know what secret santa was, put my username in the cards of the gifts of my giftee, i mean, i screw the shit out of the \secret\ santa :(
 my girlfriend's ex-gf sent nudes to me, and now i'm in a relationship with a girl who has a shitty personality.
 i was home alone, played games, ate junk food, shaved my ass and now my crushes contact thinks i'm an asshole.
 left my car keys in the back seat of a guy who gave us a ride to a gas station and now has the keys to a mercedes benz.
 if you're having sex behind an elementary school in the middle of the day, make sure you have the right hole. that is all. actually, don't have sex behind elementary schools either.
 got drunk, puked all over my bed, woke up in the morning with the worst hangover of my life. puked all over my bed, woke up in the morning with the worst hangover of my life.
 i ate too much fiber gummies and now my stomach is making noises i've never heard before and i'm in the fetal position in the bathroom.
 i forgot to close my backpack on a motorcycle ride and now i have to live on the 8th floor of my apartment building with my bike in the living room.
 got drunk, stole traffic cones, ran across a field at 40 mph with my buddy behind me, got launched into the air at nearly the same speed i had been traveling.
 i took a huge swig of water that i have been out of town for the last 3 days with non-moving air near it in temperatures around 85-95 degrees
 i didn't finish my work and now i have to decide if i'm going to embarrass myself or go back to work and face the consequences.
 i took a massive shit, clogged the toilet, and ended up with my hand covered in feces and urine, all in the span of a few hours.
 [1] tried to raise a bar to get a rope out of the way, ended up hanging 20 feet from the ceiling and got ropeburn from my hand.
 i poisoned my dog with half a bag of semi-sweet chocolate and now i'm stuck in a house that smells like shit and my dog is keeping me awake.
 i fucked up by talking about an ex with my current lady friend while naked in the shower. i made a big deal out of it and wound up saying the wrong thing in the wrong place.
 i fell in the shower, bruised my tailbone and elbow, and lost 10pts off of my grade. i'm a dumbass.
 zipper on my pants split open, tried to fix it with a safety pin, it went through my pants, through my underwear, and into the head of my penis.
 i got jalapeno all up in my nose, squirted milk from a baby boodle to cure the pain, and my milky-fire-snots have not stopped!
 didn't wear shoes, walked barefoot into a completely empty building, bled all over the carpet and tile, and had to clean it up with paper towels.
 i made out with a girl that i didn't want, and now my girlfriend thinks i'm an asshole for not wanting to date while we're apart.
 i let out an \i love you\ to my girlfriend after she told me that she didn't want to be my girlfriend anymore. she told me to go fuck myself.
 i'm white, i don't tan, i'm allergic to the sun, and i've been making my body destroy itself for the past 2 years.
 i spilled boiling water on my boob while standing on my tip toes to reach the microwave and my roommate's boyfriend walked in on me taking off my shirt.
 i tried to get rid of a pimple on my dick with rubbing alcohol and hydrogen peroxide, ended up burning my dick and making it bleed a lot.
 i told a freshman girl she didnt have a choice in making out with me because someone at her school got in trouble for it, turns out she was a sophomore.
 i told my step-dad he didn't fuck with perfection, in front of my parents, and now i feel like an asshole.
 i paid 40 lev for a ride that should've been less than 10 lev because i didn't pay attention to the price of the meter.
 asked my cousin where his wife was, he said she was home with the kids, my brother found out she was divorcing him and moving in with us.
 blasted \3 way\ on the overhead speaker of a nursing home, with about 20-30 seniors in the room, while trying to listen to lonely island radio.
 ate a hot sub the night before, pooped in a low partition stall, made eye contact with a stranger as i wiped and locked eyes for forever.
 i ordered a computer charger from a chinese website and now i have to pay 20\u00a3 for something i can't even use. oops.
 i pooped in the bathroom at my friend's lan party, the host dad used the bathroom before anyone else, and i went under the table.
 i got hershey squirts and now i feel like i'm about to shit myself, but i didn't shit myself and i didn't shit myself.
 i dumped a bucket of rusty keys in the trunk of the wrong car, and drove away without thinking about them. i'm a dumbass.
 girlfriend couldn't meet up with me. i freaked out. i broke up with her. she was fucking hot. i told her i loved her after.
 ate indian food, had a stomach ache, took a fart, shit all over the back of my pants, had to piss in my roomate's dog piss.
 went on omegle, hooked up with a girl, she agreed to strip down for me while i masturbated, someone burst into her house and yelled at her.
 i looked through my boyfriend's phone and found out he's been cheating on me for over a year and a half. now i'm single.
 tried to fap to the love of my life while she was sleeping, she jumped out of bed crying and went to sleep with her sister. love of my life isn't sure she wants to be in a relationship anymore.
 got drunk at lunch time, ran around like a fucking retard in narnia, had to go to the nurse, had a special meeting with the principal.
 ordered pizza at the wrong place, had to go over and face the lady i was arguing with, and ate the shit out of my pants.**
 i pressed the button on my friend's girlfriend's pepper spray thinking it was alcohol. it was pepper spray and i got it all over my face.
 i used a short-tunneled blow dryer and it ripped a huge chunk out of my hair and now i'm going to have to regrow it.
 i told my parents i've learned that the next time i'm thinking about killing myself, i wont tell anyone. they didn't believe me.
 got drunk, went to friend's house, stumbled into someone else's house, got punched in the face and then thrown out of the house.
 tifu by encouraging my fianc\u00e9 with borderline personality disorder to skip her therapy appointment in lieu of fist-fucking herself. she did and now i feel like an asshole.
 i went for a bike ride in the middle of the night, ended up severing my artery and nerve in my left hand while trying to open a door.
 gave an old lady a seat on the bus, she fell off and hit her head on the pole i was standing on. i'm an idiot.
 tried to make salsa, burned my vag with hot peppers, poured ice cold milk on my vag to stop the burning, now trying to figure out who i can push the rest of the peppers onto.
 i let my 7 year old sister drive a go kart and she crashed into her friend's dad's porsche. i felt guilty as fuck.
 my mom thinks i'm having sex with my boyfriend because i closed the door to my room while we were redditing and the tv was in the background.
 my dick was hurting and i was in the mood to show it off. dick is bleeding and i'm in the mood to show it off.
 i ignored my stomach pains and proceeded to have the worst diarrhea of my life, had to clean myself up with a sheet of paper with my name on it, and ended up looking high in the shower.
 girlfriend's friend thinks she might be pregnant from her ex-boyfriend who she's been sleeping with while he cheats on his own gf.**
 i'm a dumbass who ate too many cronuts, and now i'm a dumbass who doesn't feel right.
 i asked carol how her trip back home was, she said she was out there for her parents' funeral. i'm not sure what to make of it.
 i asked a 25 year old-college graduate to watch my kid for an hour and he ended up breaking my 5 month old dog's leg. i now have a dog with a broken leg that i can't afford to fix.
 got drunk, danced with a ballerina, got her pussy up in my face, got her pussy down in my face, got her pussy up in my chest.
 tried to weld with wind blowing at me, ended up with severe ray burn on my arm and blistered and burned my arm to the point where i can't walk.
 locked bedroom door, tried to open it, got wood splinters everywhere, cut my eye open, nose bleeds, hope i don't get pissed.
 met a friend for the first time, sat in his car eating ice cream, got pulled over by the cops because they thought i was a creeper.

 i didn't socialize at my sister's 15th birthday party, and now she thinks i'm an asshole and a dick.
 my dad and mom found out about the new meme trend by looking at it on my computer. my mom didn't approve of the new meme trend.
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=81q-pzpxnrg it's not the guide that you might want, but it's definitely the guide you need.
 i picked up a katana that fell out of the scabbard and cut my thumb and palm. got 16 stitches. i'm a dumbass.
 i thought it would be a genius idea to lick my lips with a chap stick and proceeded to talk to the guy for another 5 minutes before running to the bathroom to wash it off.
 apartment is now full of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and farts i'm not a fan of barfs and far
 don't fuck with poweraids, they'll fuck you in the ass. also, don't fuck with poweraids, they'll fuck you in the ass.
 i made fun of my new coworker's diet because i thought she was my boss and now she doesn't think i'm a good person.
 tried to masturbate with antibacterial hand sanitising gel, burned my balls, dunked them in water, then used the moisturiser i had previously contemplated using.
 friend mumbled that his fiance' left him, i couldn't hear him so i said \what\ and he repeated himself while i kept repeating \what\ because he kept mumbling. after the last time of him repeating himself, he said it loudly that his fiance' left him and i just said \oh my god, i'm sorry\ and kind of had to walk away.
 don't be a dumbass like me...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that long...just read it...it's not that
 got scared, didn't work hard enough, lost my only shot at a doctoral degree, and i'll be feeling the effects for the rest of my life.
 tifu by getting egypt. my friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme. tifu by getting egypt. my friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme. tifu by getting egypt. my friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme. tifu by getting egypt. my friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme. tifu by getting egypt. my friends will never let this down and it has turned into le meme.
 tried to lose weight, ended up hurting myself. feel like i want to puke right now. don't know how to do strength training right.**
 toilet overflowed on me while i was on holiday in florida. had to use my parent's bathroom, only to block that one too, luckily sans overflowing.
 snatched my period and my husband's face was all up in my snatch while i was bleeding a little. i feel gross because i didn't full on give him red wings or anything, but i didn't full on give him red wings or anything, but i feel gross because his face was all up in my snatch while i was bleeding a little. i feel gross because i didn't full on give him red wings or anything, but i feel gross because his face was all up in my snatch while i was bleeding a little.
 bought pepper spray to carry on my keychain in case somebody tries to mug me at knifepoint or something. canister got deactiated during class and it sprayed all over my leg. sat through lecture with the inside of my pants soaked with the pepper spray and my leg feeling like it was sitting in a vat of habanero peppers. got up out of my seat and it felt like somebody was trying to light my balls on fire.
 wished a girl a happy birthday on the same day as her twin sister. she didn't respond, and i'm still waiting for her to respond.
 fapped in the tub, passed out, floor is wet, family thinks i'm ok. fuck rum and coke, don't fap in the tub.
 there were three sick people at work today. now i'm feeling sick. why can't sick people just stay at home? i'm sick.
 i drank a can of coke with a pop tab in it. the pop tab wasn't visible on an x-ray, so they took an x-ray of just the pop tab. the pop tab wasn't visible on an x-ray, so they took an x-ray of just the pop tab. the pop tab wasn't visible on an x-ray, so they took an x-ray of just the pop tab. the pop tab wasn't visible on an x-ray, so they took an x-ray of just the pop tab. the pop tab wasn't visible on an
 had to take a piss, phone fell out of my jacket pocket, phone got soaked in piss, put phone in rice to dry it off, it has been there for a few days now.
 i went to ybor with a group of friends and got really drunk. ended up getting into the car of one of my friends with a girl he had been having relations with. i can't hear what i am saying and my last clear memory is making out with maya and robert saying \what the fuck dude\ skip to this morning and i am still a little drunk.
 i kicked my mother's laptop off the edge of my bed, woke up my grandmother, and now she thinks i'm a pedophile.
 i farted twice in front of a bunch of girls and now i'm waiting for the bus to go home. i can't take the embarrassment anymore
 i got drunk, went for a run, got lost in the middle of pennsylvania and had to wave down cars to find my way back to the hotel.
 superglued my phone to the countertop of the place i'm renting, leaving a big rubber skid where the glue made contact. tomorrow, i must google solutions for cleaning krazy-glue from the counter without damaging it.
 i shit my pants at a school parade and had to scrub my boxers to get them out of the toilet before my dad could drive me home. it smells like ass.
 the link contained a thread of wincest pictures with the 'diabeetus' guy's face photoshopped on nearly all of them... i was sharing originally it with my /b/tard friend who thought it was hilarious.
 went for a run without a bottle of water, got sick, had to walk about a kilometre to my house trying to fight off convulsions so i wouldnt throw up and lose conciousness.
 fell asleep with my teeth in and swallowed them. mouth hurts. stomach hurts. my teeth look great though. i'm a dumbass.**
 i used hair remover on my nipples, broke my knuckles, and now i have itchy nipples, itchy ass, and two stinging knuckles.
 tifu by overdoing it with chipotle powder and almost blinding myself with hot pepper, leaving me with zesty southwestern sinuses for the rest of the night.**
 i accidentally highlighted a list of things i've wanted to try for a year and a half on my notes app on my iphone and now i can't undo it.
 played taps at a veteran's funeral, cut his 21-gun salute short by 14 shots. i don't know how to explain it to anyone.
 asked obama to take an awkward prom-style photo with me, he didn't think it was funny, and now i feel like an asshole.
 my mom thinks i'm gay because i'm doing some weird poses on jojo and i'm still straight while doing them. it was awkward.
 i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded.. i'm retarded..

 i got my finger stuck in a target basket and had to have the fire department come and use medical scissors to get it out. i'm an idiot.
 i dropped a salmon and splashed hot olive oil on my hand, resulting in a very painful burn on my hand and a very bad taste in my mouth.
 i saw a video on /r/gifs of a guy approaching a swarm of bees attached to a tree. i found out that they\u2019re docile and that they don\u2019t have a queen to protect them, so i went out to see what it was, and my wife saw me calm down.
 i went to a hockey game and asked the lady behind the counter if she was okay. she had a stoma and i felt like an asshole.
 i didn't check my syllabus for my computer science class, and now i have to take an exam that's worth 20% of my semester grade.
 i put a bowl on my lap and it fell on the floor. i managed to smack my balls pretty soundly as i tried to stop the coming disaster.
 don't use peppermint bar soap. it burns and i'm tearing up. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute. i have to leave for work in a minute
 i sent my ex a .psd file with all the layers not flattened, and the truth came out that i tried to manipulate her. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from texts. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from texts. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from texts. i woke up in the morning to my phone vibrating non-stop from 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556
 i fucked my friend's girlfriend and i feel like something needs to be said, but it doesn't seem like it was that big of a deal in the moment.
 the only break i had was to fap.. the only break i had was to fap.. the only break i had was to fap.. the only break i had was to fap.. the only break i had was to fap.. the only break i had was to fap..
 i went to a party where i knew he'd be trying to get into someone else's pants and now i don't even know where my earrings are.
 tried to have sexy time with my girlfriend at my parents house, got caught by my sister and now my parents may be worried about me having a girl at home.
 bought an iphone on craigslist, owe $500 to sprint, they won't take him off the phone without him paying his bill, and i have no way of contacting him.
 took my phone out of my pocket during a roller coaster ride and it got stolen now i have to get a new ssn, cancel my credit and debit cards, and get a new drivers license
 didn't look where i was walking, fell on my face, and almost knocked out one of my front teeth, also smashed the fuck out of my knee while trying to stop my face smashing into the floor.
 i gave my boyfriend a hickey when i was shozzled and now he's pissed and i'm getting scolded by his father for it.
 tried to do a muff dive with a shot glass with coffee liquor in it, broke the tip of my nose and now my face is covered in whipped cream.
 i gave a guy my address and he got lost and i yelled at him because he didn't bring a gps while i yelled back at him saying it wasn't my fault for him not to know where i am because i gave him my address.
 met a girl, asked her out, didn't do anything, now she thinks i'm some kind of special needs guy (possibly when it comes to women).
 my friends sexted a girl from my phone and my dad found out and threatened to report me to the police and the school. i freaked the fuck out.
 i fucked up my walk and my underwear by taking a walk around the block before i had to go to the washroom and i fucked up my walk and my underwear by taking a walk around the block before i had to go to the washroom and i fucked up my walk and my underwear by taking a walk around the block before i had to go to the washroom and i fucked up my walk and my underwear by taking a walk around the block before i had to go to the washroom and i fucked up my walk and my underwear by taking a walk around the block before i had to go to the washroom and i fucked up my walk and
 my dad walked in on me having sex with my boyfriend and i'm pretty sure we're never going to speak again now that he walked in on me balls deep in my boyfriend.
 i was watching an x-rated lesbian porn show at work and my conservative asian father caught me. i think he bought it. i'm a female.
 went for sexy time in the woods, made eye contact with an old lady and an old man, got orgasmed by my boyfriend, and got mosquito bites.
 my kid stabbed me in the leg with a knife and i chiseled it out with another knife. now waiting for emergency services with 2 knives in my leg.
 i flashed my boyfriend on skype and my mother walked in. now she won't talk to me. i'm so embarrassed. i'm a dumbass.
 shook up a broken bottle of hot sauce, squirted hot sauce into my eyes and had to wash them out for 30 mins before i could open them.
 my uncles brakes worked so he flung me forward and my penis smashed into the handlebars. now i'm scared to get an erection it's gonna hurt like hell.
 tifu by moving my desk and breaking my teacher's macbook in front of a group of students and a projector. i'm a dumbass.
 i'm a stickler for rules and i'm gonna post a past fuckup on thursday and hashtag it bitch tbt! i'm just gonna say that if i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt! i'm just gonna say that if i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt! i'm just gonna say that if i remember a past fuckup i'm gonna post it on thursday and hashtag that bitch tbt!
 thought i had broken my neck, ripped a muscle in my neck, couldn't move my head, went to hospital, still can't move my head.
 told my black friend to \slaaaave.\ i'm white. she's black. she's black. white guilt, activate!
 had to piss, pulled my pants down in the grass next to my driveway, car rolled back and i had to run after it like a gimp.
 tried to clean cat's ears with q tips, cat head-shaked and shit in my eye. doctor told me i'd be okay.
 passed out in my car, woke up with everything but my pants, boxers, and phone. homeless person found my phone in the gutter. hope everyone got to laugh at my expense as much as my friends and i did.
 it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit. it's 2:26 am and i'm on reddit.
 left apartment door unlocked for coworker to come and feed our cats. locked the door when we were 10 minutes away from our destination. no idea how coworker will get into our place.
 tifu by punching my cat in the ceiling after she bit me and scratched the living out of me. it wasn't my best moment, but it was worth it.
 i snapped my bf's mouth shut with my arm during sexy time, he had a lot of trouble with tooth pain so it was pretty much the worse place to hit him.
 i gave a guy a blowjob, he hugged me, and now i feel like an asshole. i feel like an asshole for giving him a blowjob.
 chugged spike powder, passed out, friends drew dicks all over my face and wrote pussy on my forehead and went home with it still on my face
 called the pd on 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299 888-353-1299
 told pretty girl a joke, snot gushes out of my nose and all over my face, pretty girl ignores me the rest of the shift :(
 i wiped my tablet, can't recover it, can't boot into \do shit from my computer\ mode. it would cost over $200 to get it fixed.
 jerked off in the shower, fainted and bashed my head on the faucet, broke the knob, and woke up naked and bloody in the morning.
 guy watches porn on his phone at the gym, i stare at his phone, he turns and looks at me, i laugh, he keeps on with it.
 nipple in front of all of my coworkers in front of a christmas party. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an ass
 crayons slipped out of my apron and melted on everyone's clothes in the washer. i'm a dumbass. i'm an idiot.
 i sent naked pictures of myself to my fwb, and my teacher now thinks i'm an asshole for sending naked pictures of myself to my fwb.
 used a web-based translator to write a message in arabic, marked the package with bold capital letters with \no translation found\ in arabic.
 my bestfriends sister lost her virginity to her first love and i ended up having sex with her ex. i feel so guilty and he wasn't even that great of a hook up
 left porn open and fapped, friend came over, saw my ass, blamed it on me, and now i'm afraid to leave my room.
 condom falls out of wallet at bar, date says no condoms, condom falls out of other pocket, set a world record for awkward condom spills.
 i let go of a bat and hit a guy in the chin with the end of it. lesson learned, never play softball again. the worst part is that there are still 2 weeks left of class, wooohoooo.... lesson learned, never play softball again. the worst part is that there are still 2 weeks left of class, wooohoooo.... lesson learned, never play softball again. the worst part is that there are still 2 weeks left of class, wooohoooo.... lesson learned, never play softball again. the worst part is that there are still 2 weeks left of class, wooohoooo.... lesson learned,
 my landlord and maintenance guy walked in on me farting and moaning while i was waiting for them to come in and take a look at my apartment complex.
 my boyfriend asked if i'd be willing to have sex with his best friend after we'd been drinking. i didn't say no, he asked if i'd be willing to have sex with his friend.
 went to the pool with so, swimsuit bottom came undone, screamed that my swimsuit bottom was off, almost drowned, got glares from the pool goers.
 i left my car unlocked for one rainy day and everything got taken out of my car, including my 160gb ipod, gps, charging cables, and mount.
 my friend's grandma walked in on me saying \oooh myyy\ in front of her naked ass and i'm a dumbass.
 got drunk at a soccer game, stumbled through a sea of people, swore at a police officer, projectile vomited all over my principal's desk.
 i didn't stop to think of my annoying classmate when he shoved his finger into his nostril and he spent the rest of the class licking it off.
 got drunk, bitched at my girlfriend, she told her mother her dad just died, now i have to care for her in her time of need.
 spammed my facebook with audio porn from soundcloud, and now i can't get onto other social networking sites because i'm an idiot.
 got kicked out of college, still think about the girl who helped me through it, she moved on with her ex-bf, i still think about her from time to time.
 i went for a walk in my yoga pants and everyone saw my polka dotted panties. now i don't have the guts to show my face outside.
 chopped up a chilli, didn't wash my hands properly, got it on my fingers in front of my gf, and now she thinks i'm an idiot.
 i was making a right turn onto a major road, lady was on the other side of the road, i hit her and my car was perfectly fine.
 i posted scary urls to a subreddit full of it professionals and they banned me. how can you tell where a link goes without making it look scary?
 bumpkin - a person who is not very intelligent or interested in culture don't be fooled by the cute nature of the word. stick with something lame like \honey\.
 i mowed down a bullfrog and then slipped in the frog's remains and pushed my new mower into the lake. i'm a dumbass.
 i said \gosh, that is soooo gay\ to a lesbian in front of her entire class and made me feel like the most bigoted ignorant jackass.
 i told a black man in a baseball cap that his phone rang during a softball game because i thought it was the phone of the guy who left his phone at the table.
 i got piss all over my socks and trousers because i thought the window cleaner was going to start at the front of the house, and he didn't.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 fell asleep, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up, thought i was going to take a nap, woke up,
 i licked a bit of my period blood, bled all over my pyjamas and my pussy, and then tried to soak it up with a panty.
 didn't listen to my classmates, didn't call customer support, and now i'm probably going to fail the class and lose my scholarship.
 shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood isn't a fetish of mine. i shaved my nipple with a razor. bled everywhere. masturbated. nipple blood
 i'm a lazy slob and spilled milk all over the place and now i'm ru-eened and crying over spilled milk.
 i told my boss i had to quit because i couldn't do the job, and now he's pissed at me. how should i respond?
 i forgot my wife's birthday. her husband left a dollar tip on my check and i feel really, really bad. i feel really, really bad.
 brought a gas mask to school, cops thought it was a bomb, i got a high five for being awesome enough to own a gas mask, and they gave me the can filter back after school because they didn't want someone else thinking it was a bomb.
 i told a man with a service dog that he was a beautiful dog. he didn't know, and now i'm stuck with a bad foot.
 i reset my computer to factory setting and now i have a four page essay and a resume that are due tomorrow and i'm in a shitty mood.
 i left some eggs to boil and forgot about them for 2 hours because i was playing gta san andreas. i started to smell something burning but didn't get up so i closed my window. two hours had passed and i finally figured it was something inside my house. two hours had passed and i finally figured it was something inside my house. the smell of burnt *something* is filling the house and i run downstairs, half expecting to see a growing fire in my living room. thankfully it's just the eggs, and i was able to open up all the doors and windows as well as turn on all
 tried to impress my gf's family, ended up smashing my nose into a monkey bar, resulting in a bruise and a little bit of blood.
 i made a phonecall to a dead person, only to be greeted by their ex-in-law who told me he'd been dead for six months.
 friends got rid of weed, threw it in the recycling bin, my dad saw it, blamed my brothers, was just mad at me for being lazy.
 i spent a day in the sun, got sun poisoning, tried to exfoliate my back with a soft brush and ended up dripping toner all over my back.
 wore too many layers on a hot day, got heat stroke, threw up 3 times, slept in the bath, woke up and threw up in the water.
 fucked my title up too. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
 watching black butler, dad walks in and says \the fuck kind of porn are you watching?\ and walks out. now my whole family probably thinks i watch hentai.**
 conversation did not ensue. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass. i'm a dumbass and she
 didn't tell my mum i'm a stripper. now i've got to decide if i tell her i'm a stripper or not.
 i don't know what i'm going to say to my professor. i'm depressed and addicted to video games. i need someone to tell me everything is going to be okay and to help motivate me.
 i threw a used condom in the trash, my dog shitting a condom, and my mom found it in my dog's shit.
 i took a piss in a water bottle in the middle of the night and it spilled all over my sheets. i'm a dumbass.**
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 tifu by watching a serbian movie that involved necrophilia, pedophilia, mutilation, beastiality, newborn fucking, and an instance where the main character fucked someone in their eye socket.
 ate half a can of peanut butter thinking it was jelly and now i'm in the toilet for the past hour and i don't know what to do.
 i went to the wrong chipotle for a job interview and ended up being late and not getting the job, but my friend said the manager really liked me.
 i bought a new phone from verizon for free because my old one broke, and now i owe them an extra $300 and can't cancel my contract.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i wrote a \if you'll eat me you'll surely die\ riddle on a customer's order receipt, and got fired for it.
 i got into a fight with my brother, and ended up with a broken tooth, a shattered dignity, and a lot of anger. i still fucked up.
 i accidentally sent a price list to all of our clients, causing them to berate us for doing business with our competitors, and my boss wasn't happy about it.
 tried to replace old white sockets with new white ones, ended up pulling the outlet out by both poles, turns out that the island outlets are on their own little fucking breaker.
 i threw a rock at a tree, it fell and burst into a ball of bees, tripped and fell face first onto a nest of ants and got stung by two bees.
 i used nair in my asshole, didn't wipe it off, and ended up with a giant smear of hair, skin, and blood.
 i was standing next to a fire extinguisher the entire time i was in the kitchen trying to put out a fire. i cost my restaurant $15,000 in one night to fix the equipment i messed up as well as refilling the spray system as opposed to the $250 to recharge the fire extinguisher i had never notice existed.
 i threw a bag of cum rags and tissues in a trash can at work and had to cut it down before i could open the store the next morning.
 i dry swallowed an aleve and it got stuck in my esophagus and burned like hell for two weeks. then i drank a vodka cocktail and experienced satan's lair igniting in my throat.
 pulled my brother's shorts down, he decided not to wear underwear, my mom almost choked on her food, my mom's boyfriend and i were dying of laughter, while my mom almost choked on her food.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i decided to be superman and open my computer's heatsink to fix a memory problem, cpu came off with it and i had the nerves to think \wait what?... there's on cpu in here... uhhh what the hell could this mean?...\
 i gambled on a fart and shat myself in front of a bus stop just as it was about to arrive. i can't help but cringe at the thought of the other person watching.
 i fucked up so hard on the first day of work that i spilled about 3/4 ths of the utensils supply on the floor, causing a huge ruckus.
 i failed my driving test because i hit the curb with the hubcap of my instructor's car and he drove me home. i forgot to tell him and he left me a voicemail telling me to call him back.
 don't curl your hair with the wrong end of a curling iron, or you'll burn your hand and blistered it for the rest of your life.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i didn't check the \main campus only\ button when registering for classes at the university of new mexico and now i'm going to have to ride 40 miles a week to and from school.
 i accidentally stapled my thumb with a stapler while trying to figure out how it works and now i'm sitting here typing this out with a sore thumb.
 got drunk in ecuador, lost my iphone, couldn't get to the airport, had to pay $1100 for a 1.5 hour flight back to canada.
 fuck dog shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, fuck moth shit, f
 i was sick, had explosive diarrhea, drank too much tea, and ended up giving myself explosive diarrhea for the next 3 days. i'm an idiot.
 had sex with my girlfriend for the first time, couldn't finish, lied to her and told her i had, now she thinks i'm cheating on her.
 i told my girlfriend's little brother to look at my dick in the back of the car, and now he can barley look me in the eyes.
 i used a condom that had stiffened up in the toilet bowl, tried to fish it out with my hand and ended up with second degree burns.
 picked my nose today. perforated cartilage. bleeding profusely. don't pick your nose if you don't know what you're getting yourself into.
 ate a strawberry banana smoothie at mcdonald's, drank 2 hot & spicy sandwiches, went to wal-mart to buy game of thrones, made a bee line to the bathroom where the most fiery, painful liquid-esque shit i've ever produced in my entire life poured from my nether regions.
 i thought the trash bin was empty, but it wasn't. now i have to carry two trash bins, and one trash can with wheels for next weeks trash take out.
 spread my pussy lips to show my boyfriend what a yeast infection looks like. he didn't think i should go to the doctor and didn't want to have sex tonight.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i sent a facebook friend request to a girl i was chatting with, and now i'm going to have to explain to her why i sent it.

 i drank a milk based drink after a week of a stomach virus and shit myself at work because i thought it would be a great idea since i was feeling better.
 i went to a liquor store and shit all over the back of the place. the guy from the liquor store came out the back door to have a cigarette and saw me and i managed to get my pants back up before he saw but the side of the building is covered in 'rhea and i am trying to pretend that i was just, you know, chilling behind the building.
 i have a hitler 'stache on my face, and i can't shave it with disposable razors. i have to go to a gas station and pick up cheap razors, and i have to be seen by a black guy.
 i got drunk in china, my friend showed me a goose egg, i panicked and ran around the building in terror, i ended up in a bed with a hot girl, and i did a face palm.
 got drunk and made out with a girl, now she's attracted to me and i feel awkward next to her, and i'm going to stop drinking.
 went to the grocery store with a bag of bdsm toys. cashier asked me to bag my groceries for her. i didn't realize it.
 got drunk with friends, decided to fuck in friend's basement with her and her friend b sleeping 10 feet away, woke up both friends who were very pissed at us, mom found my used condom in their recycling bin.
 **: i put my boyfriend's art supplies in a box and he jerked off and accidentally put a cloth napkin in the box. he's fine now.
 went to see purge with friends, ate sour patch kids, went to check wallet, felt friend's girlfriend's hand, didn't bring it up.
 left my car running in a parking garage on a 110 degree day for nine hours straight. just burning up fossil fuels and filling level 6 with deadly carbon monoxide for nine frickin hours.
 dropped a coke on a woman's lap, had to pay her dry cleaning bill and feel like an ass for having to pay the cleaning bill.
 accidentally sent a link to the devs group to the rest of the skype group. now the proxy is blocked for everyone. can't have nice things.
 i asked a gay coworker to smoke weed with me after work, he tried to rub my leg and now it's going to be awkward at work.
 made a joke about having sex when i was in middle school, forgot i was one of the few people in my group who had told someone that they had sex when they were 12.
 didn't wash my hands after slicing up serranos, blew my nose with a q-tip of everclear, scared the shit out of myself.
 tl;dr: had optic neuritis, but it was not linked to ms. i was given eyedrops to take if it happens again.
 went to get acai bowl, released a gas bubble from my asshole, soaked my shorts in shit, had to wait in line to get a bathroom key
 shot myself in the eye twice, ended up with one really bloodshot eye, and had to meet my co-workers and boss for six week course, with one really bloodshot eye.
 i decided to be home alone and listen to my grandparents getting it on while i was reading a book in my parents' room. i then came to terms with the fact that i was listening to my grandparents getting it on.
 my husband has been wearing my friends light blue victoria's secret panties for a year and a half and i don't know how to feel right now.
 i asked for some chocolate milk and the worker ripped the milk bag open and spilled it all over the place and i did not get a glass of chocolate milk.
 i burned the tip of my penis and had to pee, so i poured isopropyl alcohol down my urethra and it's still hurting 4 hours later.
 all my le karma :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i got downvoted hard :( i
 i fell into a tv and broke the box and not dick richards. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass.
 i threw my middle fingers in the air and said lucifer was a good guy, now my family thinks i worship some fake red guy, and i certainly didnt help myself with this.
 my nails scratched the shit out of my vagina and now i can't get an orgasm because i'm too embarrassed to touch my vagina.
 paid 40 bucks for a hooker on craigslist, forgot my debit card in the machine, went to pick it up and the machine already ate my card, emptied my wallet of everything except my driver's licescense.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i missed a final because i was up all night working on an essay, and i'm an asshole who can't learn a language.
 i creeped out a stranger by saying \i like you\ in a gutteral, paedo voice and didn't even say sorry and gave the impression i hadn't made a mistake.
 i rubbed my face into my mother's hospital pillow and got a huge whiff of urine and mom pubes and realized it was one of the pillows that the nurses placed between her legs so her knees don't rub up against each other.
 ate 2 pounds of fried chicken instead of a normal sized portion, got spicy hot sauce all over my food and now i can't get out of bed.
 had fun in the shower, didn't notice the water wasn't going away, ended up in a pool of water and had to fix the damage.
 went to play at playground, got drunk, tripped over a log, bruised my leg, 2 girls laughed at me, still bruised leg 5 hours later.
 military police dog sniffs my pocket and finds 3 bucks with traces of cocaine, i'm handcuffed and held for 2 hours before being allowed to go home.
 i was sick, i said i was going, i meant to go, and i didn't. when i woke up i gave an \update\ and now i need a note. i'm pretty sure i'll be fired in the morning, which doesn't help the fact that i'm almost homeless right now.
 sent an email with the interviewer's name as \annie\ instead of \anne\, probably fucked up my chances of getting the job i'm applying for.
 i got an eyelash in my eye, tried to get it out by bushing it against my contact lens, ended up using the power of a samsonite gorilla to get it out.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i asked a girl if she had a sister in front of her grieving classmates, and then asked her again a couple of days later in the same room.
 i had a painful under the skin zit on my earlobe. i had to get it out. now my earlobe is throbbing and red. i'm probably infected.
 sprayed deoderant all over my asshole, had to give my boss a long speech about how the traffic was bad due to a family reunion.
 toddler knocked on my dressing room door, i thought she was a little girl, and tried to shoo her back out, only to have her come all the way inside.
 tried to be a good son, fucked up and now my father has \u00a340 worth of wood that looks like a wardrobe if you push it over. and thats how i fucked up today.
 tried to teach my friend how to kick field goals, ended up tearing his acl and mcl, probably ending his competitive sports career. i still feel like a horrible friend.
 worked as a lifeguard, rode my bike into the pool, fell off and tore my toenail open. it's not so much the pain or the blood, but one of my biggest pet peeves to have a nail come...
 i can't do anything for my mom's birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been a rough year. i can't mess up her birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been a rough year. i can't mess up her birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been a rough year. i can't mess up her birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been a rough year. i can't mess up her birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been a rough year. i can't mess up her birthday because mothersday sucked and it's been
 i accidentally dissed a customer on the phone, walked him through the basics with pristine accuracy, and now i'm wondering if i just lost my job.
 spit on a girl's shoulder, tried to get it off her shirt, ripped it off. she broke up with me and i'll never forget that look.
 it's a rented apartment and the residue of acid has turned into a powder that is now eating at my wooden floors (from walking over both surfaces).
 tifu by farting in my girlfriend's face and cumming all over myself while she pulled on my dick in front of a factory worker.
 i told my friend she was fat because she was pretending to buy clothes for herself. i'm not fat, i'm just a tiny person with 0% body fat.
 i slapped the shit out of a fly and it landed on my nuts. it was a lazy fly and i didn't realize it until it flapped around on my sheets.
 i gave my sis my visa check card and told her to give it to mom after i was gone. (she hates taking my money and there's no way she was getting back in my barracks unless i escorted her.) 45 minutes later i get a call from my sis saying they need my id in order to use the card(wtf?).( i don't remember which, but it was either for the plane or rental car.) i tell her to just do it online and give her the card's info for online purchases.
 tried to impress a girl by buying her coffee, ended up denting my truck and spending $3000 to fix it. i'm a dumbass.
 i left semen on the floor of my in-laws bathroom and my sister-in-law threw her pants on the ground because she noticed the stain.
 i farted on black midgets at a gas station, and the cashier thought i was a racist and called me a bitch. i ran away.
 i tried to clean under my macbook pro and ended up having to spend a lot of money to have new risers put under 7 keys. don't try to do it without the right tools.
 snorted a 5p coin, got it stuck in my nose, had to have surgery to have it removed, nurses laughed at me when she was done.
 i ate way too much food, my stomach hurt a little, i fell asleep on the way home, i woke up with explosive diarrhea, i ran to the bathroom and exploded into the toilet.
 i let a guy stay at my house for two nights. he painted our bathroom and now he and three other people are looking for shrooms in my house.
 i plugged in a cable i didn't need and shut down my entire office's connection to the internet. it took 4 hours for the it guy to figure it out.
 i want to fuck a woman, she doesn't want to fuck me, and i need some support to deal with my shit and take the plunge.
 knocked over an old woman with a walker, dropped several of my own bags, and accidentally took one of her shopping bags with a few garments in it.
 got blackout drunk, vomited on the floor of my hostel room, stripped naked, passed out in bed, and ejaculated on the floor.
 helped an old man across the street from a bar, turns out he was pissing in the kitchen of another building two blocks away. i'm an asshole.
 i took a piss in my dream and now my friend is letting me use the bed with a puddle of piss and i cant do anything about it.
 went surfing in just shorts and board shorts and now i look like a cooked lobster and everything that i touch hurts tifu by being an idiot :/
 don't wear button ups and polos if you're going to be wearing them for the rest of your life. it's not worth it.
 tried to impress my boss with a funny french accent, ended up sounding like i was trying to impress someone with a japanese accent. i'm an idiot.
 shouted \hey, fuck you!!\ at someone i thought was my friend. turns out i shouted at someone completely different, a friend-of-a-friend who in retrospect doesn't look anything like \j\.
 i lost about 250 pictures because i forgot to turn my camera off during the switch of sd card and camera, and put it on raw mode.
 i had sex with my gf on her birthday, she missed her period, and now she's pregnant. i'm a dumbass.
 i gave the wrong building number to a pizza guy and he had to wait 20 minutes in the rain for me to find him and i feel like a loser for screwing it up.
 i told my roommate to die because she didn't want to eat, and now i feel like the biggest bitch in the world. i'm an asshole.
 i pressed tvqueue on my dad's 52 inch plasma and it played porn. he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this minute... he is still giving me the look to this
 my dad got laid off yesterday, i texted my good lady friend about it, got a text back saying \thx for the recap\. i'm a dumbass.
 don't try to eat 18 mango habenero wings in one sitting. you'll burn your anus and pay a lot of money for it.
 i didn't stop my girlfriend from grinding me on her bed and she asked me to have sex with her several times, but i couldn't go through with it and she asked me to leave.
 masturbated in dutch oven. gf flips out. yells at me for disrespect. storms out. i'm a dumbass.**
 pulled up a pullup bar too fast and fell 5 feet, breaking a cyst that had been in the head of my femur for the last few months.
 tried to pee in a snapple bottle while driving, ended up throwing it at a closed window, causing it to shatter and cover the interior of my car in broken glass.
 i googled how to tie a shellby tie, forgot my phone and spent the entire day trying to contact my family, all because i googled how to tie a shellby tie.
 i set fire to a cup and napkin in a lunchroom and got two days of iss (in school suspension) and the police called on me.
 i got high for the first time and broke up with my girlfriend of a year because she didn't care about me. i'm an idiot.
 i had to tell my parents that i fucked with a girl i've had a relationship with for 4 years and she's finally accepted me for.
 i spilled milk and ketchup on my table at lunch and my friends can smell it. now i feel like puking and have ketchup and milk on my shirt.
 sister jumped on my laptop, broke it, killed a parrot, now i have a $1700 laptop i can't replace, and she's too young to work.
 i let a friend into my hotel room while taking a shower, forgot his key card and walked out the front door to let him in like any true friend.
 i woke up in the middle of the night with no memory of what happened and my boyfriend is in the military and i just met his squad. i feel like a terrible girlfriend and a terrible person, although i'm trying to get in a mindset of \fuck everyone! [a la the movie bachelorette] everyone has their bad days and i had mine. at least it can only get better from here.\ i'm 22 and 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 i set off the smoke alarm with frozen indian food and my vibrator was on the living room couch during the entire time the smoke alarm was going off.
 got really drunk, blacked out, got really gay, fell asleep in the attic of the garage, woke up in the middle of the night with urine all over my phone.
 ate a ton of chicken before finals, got sick, couldn't go to a baseball game, can't eat for 4 days now.
 left chicken on med-low for 5 minutes, went back out and the chicken was on fire, the heat settings wouldn't go down, had to turn off bbq, siding melted.
 got challenged to a game of arm-wrestling, tried to wear out my opponent, broke my arm and had to wait in the er for 4 hours.
 tried to look cool by sliding on the hood of my car, ended up ripping my ass cheeks off and almost tearing my ass a new one.
 i dipped my balls in a sea of molten glass while masturbating. i'm not sure if i'll ever be able to masturbate again.
 told my boss i was fired for por performance, left all my cloths in his truck and he wont give them back till monday, if i have to repeat said things to his face.

 i told my cousin that my girlf's birthday was today, and he bought her a bunch of dog treats that looked like chocolate. i'm an idiot.
 ate salad for lunch. got a post-it stuck between my front teeth. tried to pull it out with a tea bag corner. now my front teeth don't touch.
 went to college late, didn't find my class, ended up in the library fucking around on the internet and got screenshots taken of my 'inappropriate' use of the computers and sent to my lecturer.
 i skyped with a girl i've liked for a long time and she slapped me in the face for the first time. i'm embarrassed.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i sprayed myself in the eye with a can of pepper spray and now my sink faucet won't give me enough to rinse my eye. i'm an idiot.
 went for a jog, shit my pants, tripped over my own feet and left a huge turd in my boxers. karma made me shit my pants.
 i didn't ask my boyfriend to pee before he got in the bathroom and he ended up pooping on the rug in his bathroom, and i had to clean it up.
 didn't put watermelon in the fridge, ate it with ants all over it, thought they only wanted the piece that wasn't mine.**
 coughed digestives out while drinking causing my friend to throw up all over himself and my other friend's sofa....some how i got the blame.
 i'm too drunk to drive, have my car parked in a bank's parking lot adjacent to all the bars, i ride with someone. no one leaves the party. everyone has to crash there. i contemplate calling a cab to take me back, but get convinced by those present that i'd be all right, they've parked their cars there dozens of times and not gotten towed, etc.. yeah, no. $180 to get my car this morning. not a great way to start this saturday.
 tried to fix my g500's clicking mechanism, ended up demolishing the left button and ruining the mouse. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck logitech. fuck
 lost a ton of weight, tried to wear boxers, boxers fell and my man bits were out. it was awkward for the rest of the night.
 i trusted a fart and it shit me in the face and i'm now sitting on the toilet with my shitty boxers staring at me while i'm pissing out of my arse.
 i sent a text message to about three hundred of my friends to invite them to a date i didn't know was going to be with my ex.
 now my face looks like i head-butted the sun and stings like a bitch. i'm fucking retarded. i'm fucking retarded.
 didn't order zinger so i ate some shitty chicken and broke my no fast food streak of 9 months for the first time in 9 months.
 went to the gym, farted loudly, cute guy walks in, i laugh like an imbecile, he just smiled and got on his treadmill.
 i was asked to introduce a state senator at an event, but i didn't have a printed copy of his bio sheet, so i used it to introduce myself.
 http://imgur.com/uylsffq,h8hgd6q 50%though the bone and 75% around http://imgur.com/uylsffq,h8hgd6q 50%though the bone and 75% around
 i told a girl that if i get too stressed my dick won't function as advertised. she still hasn't seen it. fml.
 i dangled a piece of steak out of my mouth for my cat to eat and he bit me in the face. i'm going to a wedding tomorrow and i'm just going to tell people a hooker bit me because that sounds more reasonable.
 i got drunk and fapped at the same time and ended up eating a bowl of mac 'n cheese and burning my dick with the cheese sauce.
 was playing league with my headphones on, heard someone move around, thought it was my roommate, half-naked muscular indian guy standing right there, saying nothing, scared the shit out of me because i thought i was going to get raped, he proceeded to pee all over my roommate's desk, and i didn't notice it at all.
 i sent an e-mail to another guy to see what would happen. my wife found it and now i'm trying to figure out what to do.
 i pissed all over myself after drinking a gallon of arizona punch. i don't know if i have diabeetus, but i'm pretty sure i pissed all over myself.
 thought calling for a cab would be a good idea, ended up getting stuck in traffic for an hour and a half, and didn't have anything to do.
 i got ticketed for possession of a small amount of marijuana because i thought it was a construction site and turned into a parking lot. now i might lose my scholarship.
 played kanye west to my dad during the nba finals. he didn't like it, and i'm pretty sure i'll never see him again.
 shaved my unibrow, got a nasty pimple on my head, went to the emergency room, threw up on the nurse, lanced it with a needle.
 not a whole lot to say other than black caramel corn tastes like shit and 2nd degree burns hurt. not a whole lot to say other than black caramel corn tastes like shit and 2nd degree burns hurt. not a whole lot to say other than black caramel corn tastes like shit and 2nd degree burns hurt.
 fed a feral dog scraps of meat, he ate them and got attacked by a pack of feral dogs. i feel terrible for him and hope he survives.
 went to a job site with my employer to replace doors, got bitched at by the homeowner's ugly girlfriend and my employer called her a bitch.
 i fucked up by letting my boss know that we can't get our labels made in the us and that expediting orders and shipment from germany is gonna cost $$.
 got drunk with a girl, sent her a message telling me to \destroy her vagina\ and included my 14 year old sister in it. no response from her.
 pigeon landed in the middle of my head and now i'm going to have to go home and shower worse than i do right now. fml.
 asked a girl if she could kill the hookers after having sex with them in gta v. now everyone thinks i'm an asshole.

 masturbated in the back of my truck in the dark, fell on my ass, and spit out my so's love necture.
 i farted all over my coworker's living room, and he didn't think it was a big deal. i'm a terrible person.
 put fish oil capsules in my sports bra, lifted 9.5\u201d pythons against a bench in the gym and now the gym smells like a fish market in july.
 management company won't reimburse me for the cost of fixing my lock, and i have to send in the receipt and deduct the cost from my rent.
 i wrote a 6 on muslims because i was only thinking about the ones that are terrorists and i got hated on the rest of the class for it.
 i got arrested for going to my marine friend's house to avoid getting another open container citation. got charged with burglary 4th, disorderly conduct, and another open container citation.
 don't fart while on a liquid diet or you'll end up with a damp spot on your underwear. also, don't fart while on a liquid diet or you'll end up with a damp spot on your underwear. also, don't fart while on a liquid diet or you'll end up with a damp spot on 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556 888-269-5556
 i was drunk and answered a phone call from a potential tenant, her boss heard it and now she is pissed and i can't get her to speak to me.
 i was supposed to be cool mcmanlyguy and ask for a girl's number, but instead i just said \oh, alright\ and \adios senorita!\
 my room mate walked in on me masturbating, and i had just enough time to pull my laptop over my dick, and sit there like a moron. he walked in, had the door open for a few seconds, and i just hung my head in shame, staring at the weird porn i had open, and for some reason, refused to close.
 thought i was stoned so i rolled two joints and now my room is torn apart and i can't find the second joint because i'm a dumbass.
 my 7 year old son shat all over my older sons swimsuit and then proceeded to shit all over my room in the middle of the night and i had to pick him up and put him in the shower.
 tifu by leaving my bloody sanitary napkin on the back of the toilet at work and my co-workers found it and made fun of me for it.
 my boyfriend and i had sex in my parents' house, dad heard it, threw my bf off of me, and now i'm scarred for life.
 i was going 80 in a 35, another car was going 80 in a 35, i pulled over and he took off like a bat out of hell in another direction, another cop followed pursuit. now i'm at risk of going to jail, losing my job (i have a pretty good job) and appartment.
 i sent a pic of a girl's own tweet to my buddy, she now thinks i'm an asshole for sending it to her.
 got drunk, stuck a blob of grease in my mouth, and ate a beetle that landed in the pot and got stuck in the coagulating fat-re
 i left my phone at my boy-friend's house, his best friend saw my phone, my boyfriend's best friend saw my phone, and my boyfriend's brother saw my phone.
 i thought a guy was trying to get into cars in a parking lot and called 911. he was just putting flyers on the cars. 7 cop cars and more than 7 cops showed up.
 i put my feet up on my girlfriends lap in the car, fell asleep, woke up with unbearable back pain and now my girlfriend is massaging my back.
 my 12 year old brother used my computer while i was gone and i didn't realize it until i logged into my computer two hours after he left.
 tried to cheat on a final by writing secret list under my paper, professor saw it and now i'm getting reported and might get kicked out of the university.
 didn't read the label, drank prune juice, had to walk out of class with wet pants and a box of paper towels in my back seat.
 got alcohol poisoning for the first time in front of my boyfriend, during \my week\ of love for craft beer. woke up hours later confused, as boyfriend tells me, \you signed a waiver to say you were refusing to get taken to the hospital.\
 i didn't realize i had a third exam on the same day as my 2nd exam, woke up at 7 am for my 8 am management class, only to find out i had an exam that morning at 8 am.
 i insulted a cute goalie, she went to smack me, i punched her in the face, and kicked her in the knee. she forgave me, and is only a little pissed.
 i let my autistic son watch b&b while i passed out, and he called the bus driver a \ bunghole\ in front of the driver.
 didn't think about what i was doing and ended up burning my penis. not a good day to be my penis. *sigh*
 i made myself a jockstrap, another pupil saw it and proceeded to expose his dick to the rest of the school. i'm an idiot.
 i fucked up my major, and now i might have to go an extra semester just to get a degree, and i'm going to have 3 fs on my transcript by the time i get out of college.
 i got a pair of pink spandex shorts that were too big for a girl, wore them to work, and ended up burning a hole in my ass.
 tifu by leaving 5 minutes late to work and spending 20 more minutes in traffic. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot.
 my cat vomited on the floor and i had to scrub it off with my bare hands. i'm not a cat person, i'm an idiot.
 i tried to clean the men's bathroom at work and ended up vomiting all over the floor and in the toilet because i was too tired to do it.
 i slept over on my friend's couch, now she thinks i want to hook up with her, and i'm scared she won't trust me.
 i asked my boyfriend if he ever wanted to have sex with other people, i didn't make it clear that i don't want to have sex with other people.
 i laughed at my 69-year-old bf's legs and ruined the mood for a few minutes. he's a fucking idiot.
 i pulled on my v when i was 7 and now i look like i'm in my 20's and i'm not sure if i'm normal or not
 :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
 found dead tits, tried to save them, ended up with two birds trying to kill them selves and a falcon trying to smash its face off the window.
 tried to smoke concentrated marijuana with a torch and ended up pouring alcohol all over my hand. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen. i feel like an idiot because i knew this could happen.
 i snorted my own nose hairs and now my nose is droopy and i'm snorting the air like i'm charlie sheen. fml.
 punched my balls in the gonads because i was trying to scratch an itch and hit my balls like a heel in the gonads and learned to never gamble a punch.
 my friend and i were riding a penny board down a hallway at school and he fell and broke his spine, kidney, and bones in a perfect row.
 i told an old lady her husband died on her valentine's day, and she spent the day crying in front of a picture of his dead body.
 tried to play with fire in my loft, burned a clay container, spilled water, and set my back yard on fire. i smell like gasoline now.
 i spilled my own semen all over my tablet, my phone, my headphones, my sheets, my dignity and my dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's dignity's
 i cut my finger on my boyfriend's dick while he was doing me from behind and it bled all over the floor. we were able to laugh it off at the end of the night.
 didn't realize i was sweating through my shorts, and now everyone thinks i'm an asshole. don't wear shorts in heat.
 thought i was cool, locked my car door, engine was running, called the fire department, they only came because a running idle car was a fire hazard.
 don't count your anxiety meds when you're sleeping, and don't leave your sleep meds in the same bottle as your anxiety meds.**
 i parked my car in a parking lot that wasn't even contracted with a towing company, it got towed and i didn't have my plate number to file a report with the police. the police found my car in a parking lot that wasn't even contracted with a towing company.
 i wrecked my friends car, tried to get a tow truck, and ended up getting arrested for having a gun in the trunk of my friend's car.
 slept through an entire section of my sat because i forgot my calculator and was too tired to get coffee or an energy drink in time for the test.**
 used online banking to pay tuition and cell phone bill, didn't do it and now have to wait until tomorrow to find out how much i owe.
 i rolled over a mole on my lawn and now it needs food or it will die. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i fucked up by pushing my insulin dose too high and almost passed out in the middle of the night because i didn't pay attention to what i was doing.
 i told my black friend to go back to africa when i was quoting a video in front of my black professor. i'm a dumbass.
 i wore a pair of boyshorts that had a hole in the crotch, and my pussy lip got stuck in it and was chafed and swollen.
 i didn't check the door to my class before it was cancelled, and now everyone thinks i'm a dumbass for not checking the door.
 put too much oil in a frying pan, it caught fire, tried to put it out with a tap, burned my hand and almost burned the house down.
 i took 10mg of ambien and couldn't drive home because i couldn't sleep. now i'm sleeping on my egyptian cotton sheets.
 told bus driver my friend was german exchange student, he thought he was german exchange student and pulled me and my friend from the bus because he thought we were german exchange students.
 unplugged my car lift, broke my girlfriend's tail light, and had to spend 50 bucks on a new oem tail light from ebay. fuck up 3.
 dolphin tried to convince me to dive into the water, i gave in and got arrested. never listening to dolphins again. fuck sea world and dolphins.
 i asked a coworker out on fb and now i feel like i'm in the doghouse for premature ejaculation. i'm an idiot.
 don't get drunk in the kitchen, you'll end up with baking powder instead of flour. also, don't get drunk in the kitchen, you'll end up with baking powder instead of flour. also, don't get drunk in the kitchen, you'll end up with baking powder instead of flour. also, don't get drunk in the kitchen, you'll end up with baking powder instead of flour. also, don't get drunk in the kitchen, you'll end up with baking powder instead of flour.
 got arrested for underage consumption, had to spend the night in jail, now i have a court date tomorrow and probably a stain on my record. i fucked up.
 i'm a new waiter at a banquet hall, and i dropped a tray full of food on the floor while trying to get it to the table. the maitre d' picks me up from the sopping mess, and has a fire in his eyes which scares the shit out of me. i make $40 in tips, though i think they were sympathy tips mostly. anyway, as someone like me who hates being front and center, 70 people pointing and gasping while my bosses fume is as close to armageddon as it can get. my next shift is on friday night, and even though i would much sooner walk
 i vomited all over a lady's windshield and tried to wipe it off with windshield wiper fluid. she pulled up next to me at a red light.
 locked myself and my best friend out of a friend's house in the middle of nowhere and had to drive 35 minutes in the cold to get back.
 i was constipated and shit a three-day-old turd in the toilet. my wife was reluctant to come into the bathroom after the noises i made while i was in there.
 i crashed my car into a neighbor's car. they weren't hurt, but i've been embarrassed and shamed for the rest of my life.
 tried to update my java on my windows 7 computer, ended up in deep doo-doo. went out and bought his favourite candy (whoopers) and wrote his a 2 page appology.
 i drove drunk, skidded off the road and got my car stuck in the mud. no one was hurt. i'm the scum of the earth.
 fell asleep at the wheel and crashed my truck into a tree. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i
 my gf and mr.wood made an appearance in a children's park and a lot of people saw me in basket ball shorts with a hard on.
 i was too cool to say the pledge in front of a crowd of veterans and older people, and now i'm an asshole for it.
 i ate a 24/7 sandwich and shit all over my pants. then i missed a step and shit all over my staircase. i'm a princess bitch.
 i told a 4 year old girl to take her shirt off at a park, parents thought i was a pedophile and called the police on me.
 my friend's wife miscarried and i made a joke about it in front of his teacher. i felt like the worst human being in the world.
 squatted without a spotter, bar went all the way down to the floor and broke my back. got up in excruciating pain and went home to take ibuprofen.
 don't drink beer with a dead mouse in it. it's not a good idea. it's not even a good idea to drink beer with a dead mouse in it. it's not even a good idea to drink beer with a dead mouse in it. it's not even a good idea to drink beer with a dead mouse in it. it's not even a good idea to drink beer with a dead mouse in it. it's not even a good idea to drink beer with a dead mouse in it. it's not even a good idea to drink beer with a dead mouse in
 i clogged the toilet, put a rag on my face to clean it up, then took a shower and put the rag on my face to clean it up.
 i sent the wrong sizes of clothing to two important people and now have to pay a lot of money to ship them the wrong sizes and create an unnecessary hassle.
 my nephew fell off the couch while i was watching him, i ran to my room, slammed my door and started crying, the firemen came and talked to my sister and my nephew, nothing serious happened to him.
 tried to take a creepshot of my neighbor's feet. flash went off. everyone saw. now i'm known as the creepy foot guy.
 i had a dream where two girls offered to have sex with me on a train, invited them to my house, a guy and his friends came and demanded my money.
 i threw away the keys to my apartment, a cold shower, and a bottle of whiskey because i'm an asshole who doesn't want to know what happened to the originals.
 sent naked pics of myself to my mother, she found them, and now i have to start the day over with a new boyfriend and a new phone.
 went to jump off a bridge with friends, got hit in the dick 3 times by huge knots at the bottom of the rope. jumped off again, got hit in the dick again.
 i fucked up by not turning on the defroster in my car in the morning and now i have a permanent reminder of my stupidity every time i see other drivers headlights.
 i left a mcrib sandwich in my boyfriend's car and now i'm searching for it in the house i live in. i'm an idiot.
 i jumped into the hot tub with my iphone 4 and now i can't afford to replace it. and as a broke college kid i can't afford to replace it.
 got drunk, spewed all over the floor, tried to clean it up with body spray, ended up in my undies cleaning it up with a vacuum cleaner.
 tifu by dipping my work shirt into someone's cum and piss on the back of the toilet and cutting off my hands to clean it up.
 i left my sex toy in the bath and my parents found it and threw it away. i'm embarrassed as fuck and hope they don't confront me.
 i took a girl for a ride on my dirt bike and it didn't work. i was too ashamed to take her back to the original group of friends.
 sneezed so hard i put me on my ass and now i'm hobbling all over the place because i'm an asshole.
 i was cleaning the lid of my coffee tumbler with baking soda and vinegar. sealed it up withcontigo vacuum seals and can spray boiling steam out when you first use it, shook it real good for about a minute to loosen up the mold. sealed it up withcontigo vacuum seals and can spray boiling steam out when you first use it. shook it real good for about a minute to loosen up the mold. sealed it up withcontigo vacuum seals and can spray boiling steam out when you first use it. shook it real good for about a minute to loosen up the mold. sealed it up withcontigo vacuum seals and
 i slapped a fly out of the sky, only to be stung by a bee that had snuck into my house. now i have a bee taste for blood in my house.
 i left a candle unattended at my friend's party and set her bed on fire. her mom found the hole in the mattress and was pissed at me.
 i let my cat in to come sleep with me, she vomited all over my floor and bed-sheet, and i had to clean it up.
 my girlfriend missed a flight because she didn't check in online, had to pay $1600 to rebook the same flight for tomorrow, and is missing a day of work.
 tried to change my own oil, drained my transmission fluid, drained my oil filter, replaced the wrong one, oil is everywhere, 8 hours later, learned a lot
 i drank apple sauce instead of tea because i thought i had washed it. it tasted like shit, and i puked all over my carpet. fml.jpg
 went to work with a righteous hangover. shit my balls off for 3 hours. got paid to shit my balls off. i'm getting down now.
 i hit my finger on a nail with a hammer while trying to hold out to shit in the middle of a cul-de-sac and spent an hour driving home.
 gave a doorstop to an addict, got bitched at twice, boss threatened to fire me, agreed to come in on monday without pay to \finish what i started\, got fired.
 i blew up a bunch of balloons for a coworker who was coming back to the office after having had a baby for months. she's been out for months after having had a baby for chrissake. she's been out for months after having had a baby for chrissake. she's been out for months after having had a baby for chrissake. she's been out for months after having had a baby for chrissake. she's been out for months after having had a baby for chrissake. she's been out for months after having had a baby for chrissake
 i hit a girl i like in the eye with my elbow, lost my chance to ask her out, and now i'm an asshole.
 tried to stretch my back under a conference table, ended up in the middle of a conference with a bunch of legs sitting around the table. i'm an idiot.
 i was walking to get my car, which just had it's tires rotated at kal tire. i was about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight. i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight. i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight. i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight. i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit on the sidewalk in broad daylight. i'm freaking out because i'm about to liquid shit
 dog got sick, i didn't notice, dog got sick again, dog died, landlord and friend are cool about it, i feel like shit.
 i didn't do my summer work and now i need to do 11 pages of my journal in 10 hours or i won't be able to do my senior project.
 i put a condom in the bin, my dog ate it, and now i have to pull a condom out of my dog's ass.
 i got stuck in a practice room with two people in my class and had the urge to piss, but the teachers forgot that we were in the practice room.
 i thought a lady left her purse on the floor at my friend's new store and pointed at it. two guys who were standing at the counter said it was theirs.
 my music was too loud to hear the sirens and i almost got hit by an ambulance. now i'm the guy who can't hear the sirens.
 spilled nail polish in my pocket, vagina got purple paint all over it, had to stop at a gas station to avoid urinating on myself, then ran out of gas.
 i drank too much tequila and spilled my guts all over my boss' car. he won't let me pay for it, so now i have no way to make up for my shame.
 asked for more time to make a decision on a job i was offered, got the job but had to wait until the end of the week to make my decision.
 slept 10 minutes in, tripped, ripped clothes, got a $280.00 ticket, missed 2 hours of pay, got yelled at by the boss, and smelled like shit.
 smeared icyhot all over my armpits and elbowpits and now i have a heat rash on my armpits and a heat rash on my elbowpits.
 i almost ate dead tribble buns because i was too baked to type/stay functional, but i was able to throw them away before i gave myself a trip to the hospital.
 i drank the whole package of water and now my stomach hurts like fuck and my teeth hurt like fuck. i'm a dumbass.
 i'm going to my senior prom on the same night as a stage production i'm working on, and i can't just cancel it.
 got stoned for the first time in three years, vomited all over myself on a second date. don't know how long it was before i staggered from the bathroom, white as a sheet, giant pupils, barely coherent and sweating like a virgin on a honeymoon.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i fucked up by telling my ex that i've been seeing someone else for the last month and a half and now i think i've broken her trust.
 : http://imgur.com/gomlkkd analyzed with : https://github.com/rhiever/reddit-analysis
 got drunk, called a cab, got dropped off at a strip mall, called a cab, got dropped off at a busy intersection, called a cab, got dropped off at a busy intersection.
 potential renters came to view my apartment, i popped out of my bong before they walked in, walked out of the bathroom like i had been popping to see not only group of potential renters, but 4.
 i sleepwalk a lot and last night i masturbated in my older sister's bedroom. now i'm too ashamed to leave my room.
 ate chocolate, pooped, pooped again, poopedTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkiaTrademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.Trademarkia.
 i posted the e-mail i recieved from her in the [original thread](http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1aco66/tifu_and_slept_through_my_midterm/)
 tried to fap in the sink at work, sink came off the wall, cum got soaked. i'm a fucking moron. fuck reddit.
 i went for a drive, got stuck in mud, and ended up smearing mud all over my car. i have indoor conference for track early tomorrow morning, and i'm not ready for it.
 had to take a shit, porta-potty had a broken lock, door swings open mid-wipe, hand in butt, awkwardness ensues.**
 i ate a sheet of wax paper that i forgot to remove from a pizza crust before making and baking the pizza, and my family was halfway through the pizza before anybody noticed.
 was holding my dick as i dropped off to sleep and jerked my legs and arms causing me to yank my cock hard and slap my bollocks
 don't take your ritalin if you're trying to lose weight or you'll end up looking like an asshole for the rest of the day.
 asked why it took so long to cremate my gf's dog. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass.
 my girlfriend and i were in the throes of passion and we decided to switch positions so she was on top. i managed to nail her very hard in the mouth with my knee.
 dropped a butt-nugget on a wasp nest, got covered in stings, had to hike back to the campsite and go to the emergency room.
 told a kid a joke about him and his mom in bed together, he didn't say anything after that, and my friend told me the kid's mom died when he was a kid.
 i forgot to close the sliding door in my bathroom and my dog tore up two of my used period pads and tore up the entire bathroom floor.
 pocket dialed a girl who was flirting with me while she was on the phone with a girl i had a short fling with a few months ago. my friend heard it.
 i pissed on my uncle's mother's night stand and got kicked out of my uncle's house. i'm a dumbass.
 ate a bunch of jalapenos, butthole felt like it was on fire, wiped it with a paper towel, it burned worse than i thought it would.
 skyped with a girl i liked, she's starting to like me, and now i don't know if i'll ever see her again.
 i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because i didn't look at the calendar and wasted three hours and 12 euros travelling just because
 i tried to find a roommate on craigslist, got scammed out of my phone number, address, and pictures. i'm freaking out and feel like an idiot.
 i inhaled bubbly shampoo suds while lathering up my hair, and now i'm still coughing up the suds 5 hours later. i'm a fucking idiot.
 my girlfriend and her family are going out for a month, and i told them i'd take them in their car to the airport and then take it back home and close it up. their garage is a tight fit and i miscalculated, turning in too close to the right side of the garage.
 i went to prom with my girlfriend and ex-boyfriend, ended up being the biggest man-slut in the room and making my girlfriend think i was cheating on her.
 it burned all my nipple hair off then stung like a bitch after i flicked. i'm a fucking idiot. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i played with an electricity lamp as a child and burned my fingers and nails. i'm not sure if i'll ever play with an electricity lamp again.
 played flag football, broke my neck, blacked out, passed the fuck out, had to get rectal exam, buttcheeks kept sliding.
 told my wife to watch stupid shows, now she's super depressed and i've done a lot of damage to her self esteem. fuck me.
 i used my mother's razor to shave my face, legs, and \other parts\, and my dad thought i was shaving my mother's legs.
 i have 12 hours to study for world history final and i don't get it. i'm going to fuck it up and fail it.
 i took molly before rent day and now my roommate won't be my roommate because our apartment got fleas. and i'm a dumbass.
 ;( ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
 i forgot to put on my belt and dropped a chair on my boss and the letter carrier. now i have no idea about the status of my raise.
 sent my gf a text saying \hey man ill call u back, these bitches are lost just directing them\ while she was on the phone with me.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i missed the deadline to apply for a bursary, and now i have to wait 2 months for the information to be available. i feel like an idiot.
 tried to get a book to take a class, ended up getting hit by a car, not being able to take the class, and now owe money.
 i broke up with a friend because i was feeling shitty and depressed and now i don't know why the fuck i would break up with a friend.
 http://waltherpragerandphilosophy.blogspot.com/2013/05/overloaded-moments.html http://waltherpragerandphilosophy.blogspot.com/2013/05/overloaded-moments.html
 went to an amusement park with a group of friends. one of my friends flipped off the camera on a rollercoaster and got escorted away by a security guard.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i insulted a group of special needs kids in front of their parents at a relay for life event. i'm a dumbass and need to work on that.
 i ate asian zing wings and shit my pants while hiking in boulder, colorado, and then proceeded to wipe my ass with a leaf.
 went to get a glass of water, slipped and knocked my coworker out with a broken nose, concussion, and brain damage, and now she doesn't want to see me.
 i thought a fart was a fart, but it wasn't, so i shot myself in the balls with my ass in the towel.
 decided to shoot off nine mortars at a time, one of them fell and hit my friend's 8 year old sister in the face, causing our show to be called off.
 i wrote a letter to my grandma that said \fuck you.\ my grandma found it and read it, and now i'm feeling really guilty.
 i had bind-blowing sex with my so at his family's cabin and ended up with a hole in the comforter that looked like it had been made by hungry mouse mouth teeth.
 my phone froze while i was masturbating and i couldn't get the case off. my mom found out and grounds me for the rest of the summer.
 i answered the wrong case discussion in my first powerpoint slide, so now i have to make a second one, and it's going to be really boring.
 today i fucked up. it's \today\ i fucked up, not \thursday\ or \two weeks ago\ or \ten years ago\ it's today. it's \today\ i fucked up, not \thursday\ or \two weeks ago\ or \ten years ago\ it's today. it's \today\ i fucked up, not \thursday\ or \two weeks ago\ or \ten years ago\ it's today. it's \today\ i fucked up, not \thursday\ or \two weeks ago\
 my kid fucked up by sliding his booty off the toilet without hoisting his weight up first. he got three stitches, a shitty popsicle he refused to eat, and a bitching scar in the making.
 had sex with a girl who wanted to stop having sex. she climbed on top and stripped me naked in less than 5 seconds. pulled out half way through.
 tried to have a good time with my son and ended up burning my hand trying to prevent the house from catching on fire on the 4th of july.
 didn't leave a tip, gave a middle-aged native american waiter a tip of alcohol, now i realize it might have been received as less than nothing.
 let my friends hold me back at nuit blance in the middle of the night, they ditched us and we missed a golden opportunity to go to a uni party.
 \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ -___- \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ \oh you shouldn't have used translate, you should have used a dictionary\ \oh you shouldn
 i thought a fart was a shitty fart, but it was actually a lump in my pants and i had to hide it in a skirt.
 i was singing \this girl is on fire\ to a jewish friend and said \this jew is on fire\ instead of \this girl is on fire.\
 they're my brother in laws season tickets. which means he has to sit next to her every game. i'm not sure what to do.
 it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now my tummy hurts. it was terrible, and now
 made friends with an asian kid, tried to make my eyes look like his, he didn't want to be friends with me, still cringe about it.
 i dumped my girlfriend only hours after her friend died, and now i have a girlfriend that i don't want, plus i have to help her grieve.
 ate chicken bacon ranch pizza, watched insidious, shit my pants in front of a guy i have a crush on, and he probably smells it now.
 told my grampa her son smokes so many cigarettes and how is he alive. i'm not sure if i'll ever see her again.
 i was playing with the remote and slapped my balls really hard and missed my tummy and now my balls are sore and i can't watch family guy anymore.
 i asked for my friends cousin's number and said a name that sounded similar to hers but it wasn't hers and i haven't heard from her since.
 locked myself and my friend out of a closet, and my grandmother had to introduce us to the former president of a major east coast university. i'm not sure if that's really something to be proud of.
 i didn't tell my dad i had one year of college in which i could procrastinate, and now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 i spanked, my door cracked, and now my parents can't get into my room without seeing me masturbating in the middle of the night.
 didn't pay my tuition, may or may not get a court summons in the near future. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an idiot. i'm an
 my room mate walked in on me watching a movie in the front room with my tits exploding out the top. she asked me to dance for her.
 tifu by listening to thunder and rain noises while taking a nap and ended up getting soaked in the rain for an hour and a half and a half.
 broke a can of fluorescent spray paint and now i'm getting a headache every time i turn off the lights. i'm a dumbass.
 don't piss in dark alleys, or you'll pass out behind a bar and get a golden shower. i'm a fucking idiot.
 i fapped when my parents were out of the house, dad came in my room, almost shit my pants, and now we don't talk of it anymore.
 didn't know it was windy, sprayed sun screen on my son, now i feel like an ass for assuming it would be fine. i feel like an ass for assuming it would be fine.
 tried to google \how to have sex with a virgin\ and clicked the suggestion box because i assumed it was \how to have sex with a virgin.\ turns out it was \how to have sex with a child.\
 my dad and my brothers saw me mid-dance at a club i work at. i don't want to go home now, because i'd told them i was doing office work.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 don't eat the shells, or you'll end up with an ass full of mace. also, don't eat the shells in the first place.
 didn't wear a belt while crawling around in the attic, ended up shitting insulation in my eye. it's itching and stinging and the shower didn't help much.
 i orgasmed to the sight of a baby with mr.beans face. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin' nightmare man. fuckin'
 ate some pickles for lunch, started to feel like i was going to have to go to the bathroom, husband and i were driving home, saw a burger king right in front of me, pooped all over the car.
 i tried to make a condom out of water and ended up making it look like an elephant's amniotic sac and pissing on the couch.**
 i wanted my dog's blanket in the middle of the night and ended up with a black and blue under part of my eye and a fat lip.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i set off fireworks in the back yard and blew up my 13 year old nephew on the front lawn. he had minor burns and lost his hearing for a day.
 don't wash your ass in the dryer or it will smell like a dirty diaper and i wont get up from my desk for the rest of the day
 **: told a kid to look at the camera, he didn't look at the camera, and now he thinks i'm an asshole.
 i had a nervous bladder and gave my probation office a diluted urine sample because i was too nervous to pee and they didn't think it was diluted.
 she does have a big bottom (which i love). i sure am glad she laughed about it after the fact. i'm a big fan of hers.
 applied hair gel to my toothbrush, stuck said brush in my mouth, and proceeded to vomit about 10 seconds later because of how bad it was burning/had gotten in my throat.
 danced around while drying my hair, hairdryer fell on my boobs, my nipple made contact with the extremely hot metal grate and i heard my flesh sizzling.
 missed the housing application deadline, am now in a single room in a house that is way across campus away from all my classes and shit. also, this little fuckup costs me an extra $2000 because i'm in a single room instead of a dorm.
 my mom found out i was running a dmt drug ring and now i'm out $1000 a month and i'm a dumbass.
 spilled acetone nail polish remover in my lap, had a chemical burn for 30 minutes, left the room stark naked, threw a paper towel roll at the bf.
 i exposed myself to a family at work and had to spend the rest of the day walking like a penguin to avoid looking like i was masturbating.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i shaved in the shower and dropped the razor on my dick. now i have 2 and a 1/2 paper cuts **on the tip**. it hurts to piss and fap.
 smoked a bowl pack in the back of the bus with my friend before school and we got caught. new bus driver smells like cigarettes and she is the world's shittiest bus driver.
 i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbass. i'm a dumbas
 i was playing league of legends, someone called, i didn't know the number, they continued to call, i died, i slammed my fist on my laptop, it froze and wouldn't restart.
 tried to wave at my neighbour on my bike, ended up crashing the bike and falling on my face, and have a cut on my hand from trying to shield myself from the fall.
 i pooped, pushed my poop too hard and some of my insides came out. now i am typing with ice cubes in a bag pushing against my anus.
 i thought a bottle of golden estrus was a gun, it was a hanger, it fell, and i got a puddle of it on my hands.
 i was prairie dogging it in front of my boss and 8 others being promoted. i sneezed and now i can't go back to work.
 i went to a french summer camp, met a bunch of girls, and got told that i had to choose between one of them and a girl i liked.
 i sent a text to my friend asking if we were dating. she laughed at me and told me she didn't think i was a good guy.
 i got up too fast and now i feel like i am drunk and about to throw up on a concert i have been planning on going to for weeks.
 i shopvaccued my neighbor's barn and she gave birth to kittens and now they can't find her and they are feeding them by bottle.
 ate too much food, coughed up a bunch of turkey, sneezed a snot/turkey/mashed potato concoction all over the table.
 i popped a hole in the lid of a turkey spam can and it went through the pinhole-sized exit in the can, the steam carrying its contents high into the air, streamers of turkey spam adorning the trees above us like some sort of twisted party decoration.
 i got my junk stuck in a gum container, and now i'm getting a lot of likes on reddit. [nsfw image](http://www.reddit.com/r/cringepics/comments/1jxw3g/nsfw_got_my_junk_stuck_in_a_gum_container_lid/) update 2: wow, 78% of people like my junk.
 locked myself out of my house, tried to climb through a window, neighbors saw me and called the cops, cops were there in less than 5 minutes.
 left my car in 2nd gear while driving 65mph on a 35mph road for 11 minutes because i didn't pay attention to where i was going.
 went to a party, got drunk, tried to slide down a slide, fell on my back, collapsed on the floor in pain and now i can't walk.
 i didn't get a chance to tell the guy my plans for the future. i didn't get a chance to tell him everything i own is paid off (even the shitty trailer). he just got to drive on in his shitty, beat-down truck... why the fuck was he in my trailer park to begin with?
 didn't leave when i was supposed to, got a 15$ ticket for parking in a spot that i've parked there lots of times before.
 didn't know there was a water cut while plumbers were working in an apartment, turned the whole building water on, flooded the apartment below and started leaking.
 drew the y axis wrong - it didn't cross the x and z axes properly (there weren't 90 degrees angles), and now my whole college exam is shit.
 i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends. i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends. i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends. i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends. i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends. i am 1/4 asian (phillipine), and i enjoy talking in an asian accent with my friends.
 i told the valuer i'd buy the property for the land alone and demolish the house because termites. now we're getting a building inspector, whose cost will be deducted from my mother's portion of the will. these usually cost about a thousand dollars a visit and will hold up the probate for a while.
 i left my phone on a table for too long, and now it's ruined and i can't get it back. i'm a dumbass.
 traded $200 worth of games on /r/gameswap, guy deleted his account, i lost $200 worth of games and my innocence.
 nicked my boyfriends penis with my nail. he said he was fine and didn't feel a thing. went to morning pee and peed out a lot of blood.
 i faked sickness, got a hiatal hernia, missed 16 days of school, and now i'm going to fail the semester because of it.
 i opened the door to a church kid who i thought was my best friend's kid while i was playing usher from my phone and yelled \hey daddy\
 asked my aunt if she would be interested in smoking weed if it was legal. she thought i was a dealer/dealer and told me that she would tell my dad.
 i nearly chopped off the tip of my finger at a chili cook-off because i wasn't paying attention to what i was doing, and ended up in the emergency room.
 i farted in front of two of my best friends at work and now they think i'm a horny asshole. i hope they don't say anything.
 don't play league of legends if you don't know how to use a camera. also, don't play league of legends if you don't know how to use a camera.
 i've been tying my shoes the wrong way for the past 4 years and it's made the knot easy to come apart when it's needed.
 thought the act was this weekend. it was last weekend. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn't want to get in to a good college anyways. i didn
 i crushed a $500 kitten to death in the middle of the night while babysitting two toddlers and a 10 year old, and had to explain it to the parents.
 the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout had to cut me free :( the girl at the checkout
 read /r/fuuuuu or whatever you want, but don't fuck with cat snacks or barfing or you'll fuck yourself.
 let my sister ride my horse, she turns my horse into a fence, now my yard and my neighbors are one and i can't afford to fix it.
 i said \girls in yoga pants\ in front of my interviewer and he thought i was talking about girls in yoga pants and not girls in yoga pants.
 i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that with someone.. i just wanted to share that
 tried to build a snow fort, cops showed up, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor's driveway to build a fort, they thought i was stealing her snow, i told them i was shoveling out my neighbor'
 ...with my bc pills in them. ...with my bc pills in them. ...with my bc pills in them. ...with my bc pills in them.
 got drunk at a party, had sex with a girl, projectile vomited all over her bed, stole her sheets, and she blew my phone up with angry texts.
 put snacks in a box, cat puked all over them, and i may as well have ripped up sixty bucks. i don't think she farted.
 i bought food for a homeless guy and gave it to the wrong guy. i was too afraid to go back because i was too embarrassed to do so.
 my roommate and i are working on a joint project in google docs. we will have to weigh the benefits to a factory against the costs to other parties. the factory will stand to gain substantially from their production of cum in cassie\u2019s arsehole. the environmental group will claim they suffer harm from knowing the ecology of the river is being harmed by the pollution.
 don't be lazy, you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and you'll be lazy as fuck, and
 i said \calm your tits\ in front of my conservative, catholic mother and now everyone thinks i'm an asshole. i don't even know what happened.
 ran over a fence with my car, got away with it. ran over another fence with my car, got away with it. ran over a deer with my car, got away with it.
 microwaved pasta, didn't put water in bowl, filled room with smoke, burned plastic, may be forced to shell out for a new microwave.
 i have a hickey habit and have to go to school with a hitler 'stache style bruise on my lip. now i have to face the humiliation of her seeing the hickey and fucking up my day even worse.
 i farted in front of my crush and he thought it was funny, but i was on my period, and i bled all over my leggins.
 i smacked myself in the head and now i have a bump on the noggin and my husband thinks i'm crazy. i'm a failure.
 i told my dad's daughter a mom joke and he got really offended and would like to talk to me later. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to have sex with my gf for the first time, condom broke, she wasn't on birth control, should i get the morning after pill for her?
 sprayed no-chew spray on shoes my dog wouldn't stop chewing and forgot to wash my hands. i felt a bump on the inner part of my cheek and decided to have a feel inside my mouth with my fingers.
 i smacked a girl and now i have to write an essay on why it was wrong and get my mom to sign it and get me out of trouble.
 cut my balls with a hair clippers, bled everywhere, had to explain it to a girl i was going to see the next night.** *i meant \hair clippers\**... my bad :/ i occasionally give my nether regions a well-deserved trim (usually coinciding on the guarantee of sex). my chosen style is no.4 around the pubic area and no.1 off a bit of the shaft hair-growth. , including a quick no.1 lightly over the odd long hairs of the ball sack. i complete the pubic area, change guards, and trim a bit off the shaft.
 tifu by leaving my door open and my dog sneaked into my room and chewed my retainer out of my nightstand and now i have to pay $400 to get it fixed.
 helped my uncle burn his garden, caught a bunny nest on fire, saved three baby bunnies, only one was burned to death, they're fine now.
 i was told not to touch a 30k machine that sterilizes glassware and liquids and i accidentally opened it mid cycle and tried to sneak water in before it got too hot.
 i didn't know my girlfriend was on her period and didn't bring it up until she told me. and i didn't get her anything.
 my phone pushed the date of my exams by one day and i never bothered to double check the actual date of the exams. each exam was worth 80% and 60% of my final grade.
 got a tampon stuck in my hymen, had to pull it out through a hole in my hymen, blood spatter everywhere, had to spend an hour cleaning it up.
 i'm glad i outgrew my anorexic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bulimic bul
 said \hey ape!\ to a fat chick, she cried, i'm a raging dick-biscuit, and she's a fat chick.
 i put a piece of burnt cinnamon toast in my mouth and it stuck to the roof of my mouth for a good 3 seconds before i could remove it.
 i accidentally printed 300 copies of some other document instead of a 320 page handbook i was going to give to the staff in a new unit i work in.
 i missed out on my only chance to be sociable for a while because i'm an always-on person and facebook isn't always on/showing.
 i put pepperoni on my sandwich and i have been puking/had the shits for 16 hours straight. fuck you, pepperoni. fuck you.
 girlfriend got sick in the middle of the night,vomited into the toilet and covered our small bathroom,wall to wall,in her diarrhea. i stepped into the poo-puddle and threw it in the dumpster.
 my wife found my kik conversation with a few different ladies. she accused me of cheating and wants me to leave. i don't feel that this qualifies as cheating. after all, i can spend money on cam whores and do the same thing.
 i walked barefoot and now i have blisters on a large part of my feet. don't do barefoot walking kids. it's not worth it.
 i washed my face with a hair+body shampoo and accidentally swallowed it through my nose and throat and now my throat is burning like hell and i have excessive saliva and mucus in my nose.
 i rammed my gf's brand new car into a trashcan and a concrete partition while trying to help her out at the gas station, and ended up having to pay for the damages.
 i tried to be a good friend and help a drunk woman back to her dorm, only to have my friends demand i bail on my new ward and accommodate the original plans.
 put on a pair of jeans, went to wal-mart, caught a football low, ripped down my ass in front of a bunch of people.
 told a guy i don't like how nice it was that he was going to take care of his dad who has cancer while he was on vacation.
 i gave a waitress a $20 tip that i didn't mean to give because i didn't know it was the only tip i was going to give.
 got a virus, ate chocolate and coffee, woke up in the middle of the night and felt like i was going to explode from both ends of the toilet.
 went to vegas, didn't put porn in pants, went to great grandmother's funeral, porn fell out of pants, now ostracized.
 i accidentally snyced my iphone to the same itunes library that contained the porn audio that played when i went on a date with a really nice christian girl.
 i left my card at the atm and had to draw another \u00a310 to pay for my half of the pizza. i'm a dumbass.
 i bought an onion, didn't use it in chili, it migrated to the back-end of my panty, and now it's the spawn of my 5-month-old non-refrigerated onion.
 my bag caught my keys on my s-clip, i tripped over myself, and my pants fell down in front of the class i was in.
 i complimented a new lady at work on the scent of hercolon. it was pronounced colooogne. she's not a fan of colooogne.

 i feel so alone in this subreddit now. i feel so alone in this subreddit now. i feel so alone in this subreddit now. i feel so alone in this subreddit now.
 today i got fired from my job de to friday i got a late invite to big day 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this? how do i fix this?
 i told my boyfriend his penis is small and he's not good enough in bed. he's upset now. i'm an asshole.
 i drank out of my friend's spit cup and didn't realize it until i spit it back out and washed my mouth out for a few minuets.
 i got banned from the mall because i lost my shit and punched a guy in the face because he threw my friend's ds on the roof and said \now you can actually find some retard pussy without gay nerd shit\
 i'm an asshole who can't tell the difference between a squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky squeaky
 if you're in a relationship, don't do it. it's not worth it. don't do it if you're in a crazy relationship.
 tried to hoppity hoppity hoppity hoppity, fell on my ass and pooped all the things in my house. i'm a girl.
 i peed in my laundry basket, stepped in it, and woke up the next morning with cold liquid on my sock. i'm an idiot.
 painted the walls of the planned parenthood clinic, now i get to look at the paint of the walls in the planned parenthood clinic. i'm an idiot.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 ran to get a phone, smashed my toe into a door, now i have a broken toe. i'm not sure if i'll be able to walk again.
 i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an asshole who can't handle indian food. i'm an ass
 got my hand stuck in a garbage disposal and had to rip off a tiny piece of skin to get it out. the disposal is now broken and my hand is still stuck.
 ate a baumkuchen, thought it was sugar, turns out it's dehumidifying powder, i'm a little nauseated.
 what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what was on it? what
 crazy asshole follows me after class, yells at me, i ignore him, stop sign falls off, cut up my hands, and now i'm worried that i'm going to have to replace a stop sign.
 i didn't tell my girlfriend about a surprise i was going to give her and now she hates me and i'm not sure if we should be together anymore.
 don't point out your wife has snot on the tip of her nose. it's not that bad. it's mucous. it's not that bad. it's not that bad. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it's mucous. it'
 i bought a $350 tv from a garage sale and it had tons of roaches in it. now i have to bug bomb the house and clean it up.
 facebook automatically sent me a picture of a fedora as a joke, but i accidentally clicked on some furry porn i had laying around and facebook automatically sent it to her. fuck.
 tried to light a candle at work, turns out it was a fake and now i'm the laughing stock of the office. [the photo of my genuis](https://scontent-a-sea.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-frc3/1425590_10151964040342225_1444455207_n.jpg)
 went to visit bf's grandparents and got a sticky hand.didn't wash hands after. didn't realize it for 20 minutes before bf and i pulled over.
 ate chicken wings while redditing, woke up with pain in my upper belly, husband thinks i need to go to the hospital, turns out i just threw up.
 farted too hard, hemorrhoid in my ass, thought it was an itch, now i have a hemorrhoid in my ass.
 staying awake on reddit all night will cause you to urinate on yourself the next day. also, don't bring an extra pair of pants to work.
 i forgot my girlfriend's bike was on her car and now we owe her $700 and i'm going to have to postpone moving in with her.
 i took a client to a lake and my sketchbook fell into the lake and he thought it was a good idea to throw it in the lake to decompose.
 i farted in front of my massage therapist while she was massaging my butt cheeks. she was very professional about it. i'm an idiot.
 i posted a picture of [henry](http://i.imgur.com/g0vtnpp.jpg) to /r/foxes/ and they banned me.
 didn't know what spacedicks was, clicked on a free gold link, now wondering why i ever clicked on a free gold link in the first place.
 don't fall off a snow covered log, even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log, even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log, even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log, even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log, even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a snow covered log, even if you're going very slow, you will slip and fall off a
 i gave my grandparent's address to a gay rights group and now i feel like a complete asshole for not knowing it was actually a guy named steve.
 i sprayed [liquid ass](http://www.amazon.com/liquid-ass-mister/dp/b000ocewgw) in a port-o-potty and a guy passed out with his pants half down in a port-o-potty and multiple people running away in horror
 made a joke about a 5 year old girl being mean to my 5 year old sister, got blamed for the mob attack and psychological trauma of a 5 year old girl.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i bought a pair of koss speakers from woot.com, bought a 6v dc adapter, plugged it in, turned it on, and nothing came out.
 i got cat hair all over my lady bits and my vagina in the middle of sexy times with my lady and her boyfriend. i am allergic to cats and will break out in hives from skin contact.
 i said i thought buddha wasn't far and now i feel like an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm
 i let an eva mendes type girl get away from me in the drive-thru of a fast-food restaurant because i thought she was a dime.
 i ate egg salad sandwiches with a lot of spinach and now my ldl cholesterol is way too high and i'm obsessed with eating egg salad.
 i ignored my bladder, peed all over myself and my friend\u2019s house, and was covered in pee by the time i reached my friend\u2019s house.
 i wrote an essay about fat people being a crime punishable by death and i didn't check over it before it was due. now i have detention.
 tifu by putting my mouth over an overflowing water bottle and inhaling a gelatin-like substance that made me puke and ended up in my own puke that looked like blood.
 the song didn't last much longer than that. i'm pretty sure i'm not the only one who thinks it's a bad song.
 i elbowed my friend in the nose trying to give her a hug and ended up nosebleeding all over her nose. i'm a good friend.
 tifu by accidentally texting my dad, instead of my boyfriend at the time, \hey baby, i can't wait to fuck you tomorrow;\
 i made some people at my school use a proxy to get on sites that are blocked at school and now i'm getting a suspension ticket for it.
 i got sick, didn't see my housemates for 4 days, one of them went to the er, i was out til 1am.
 i wore garters, stockings, and a collar to a party, and now i can't look her in the face again. i'll never look her in the face again.**
 don't swear in front of your friends, or they'll fuck you up. also, don't swear in front of your parents, or they'll fuck you up.
 i emptied the recycle bin to clean up som space. now i have to recreate them and it will take som time. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. fml. f
 i joined a soccer team that i didn't know anything about and i cried because i was a failure and now i have forty dollars of soccer gear sitting around reminding me of my fuck up.
 i changed my major for the first time and now i have to stay in the same shitty community college untill '16 and i'll graduate when i am 20/21 years
 i drank jack3d before a roller derby bout and ended up breaking my own collar bone by hitting a jammer so hard that i broke my own collar bone.
 i let a friend work on a group project with me while i was on vacation, he didn't work on the project and i had to take over.
 burnt my apartment, cant get it to go away, cant get it to go away from my vacuum cleaner, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get it to go away from my apartment, cant get
 tried to break a black co-worker by pretending to throw a whip at her. she didn't think i meant to say i was breaking her.
 i was transporting an excavator bucket when it fell of the forklift and hit the shelving unit just right and brought it down http://www.imgur.com/ds2jhhf.jpeg http://www.imgur.com/j89cbrp.jpeg
 didn't wash my hands after applying numbing lotion to my dick, numbed my dick, and spent an hour terrified that i'd lost my sensitivity forever.
 i drank beer in the shower and the lady who cleans our bathroom every week found it. i'm not a big fan of drinking in the shower.
 mixed my days up so i couldn't have sex with the girl i'm seeing and had to leave her at my house while i went back to class.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i forgot to defrost the chicken before i put it in the oven, and now i have a raw chicken cornbread that smells delicious and i'm not gonna starve.
 i submitted a blank final exam because i couldn't do it, and now i'm probably going to fail my physics final exam in the fall.
 i tried to clean my aunt's dog diarrhea stain with oxi-clean, it didn't work and i left it all night and my dad forgot to bring his carpet cleaner the next morning.
 i shocked an old woman next to me with a shock machine and now the nurse thinks i'm a sadist torturing an old woman next to me.**
 grandmas decided to walk on a bike path that's only 4x1, and i tried to swerve around them, only to sidewipe into a ditch and wipe out on the gravel. blood everywhere, front part of my bike twisted around 180 degrees, my leg and face busted up, and what do i hear? \you okay?\ from the guy who i tried to swerve around.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 i let my walking dogs out to play, one got into a fight with the other, and i got bit, punched, and slammed into the group.
 farted so hard i threw up on a government test because i was ignoring the side effects of a pill i was taking for my ss diarrhea.
 thought i had enough gas to make it to my second job, only had enough to make it a quarter of the way home before running out of gas on the side of a mountain.
 fell asleep in class, woke up to chew all over my sweatshirt, desk, hands, sweatshirt, classwork, and i'm a fucking idiot.
 had 900 us dollars in my wallet on my way back from a week long business trip in paris, madrid, japan, macau, hong kong, vietnam, laos, australia, singapore, malaysia, africa, north america, the soviet union, yugoslavia, the holy roman empire, sparta, venice, the kalmar union, norway, the faroe islands, athens, london, istanbul, constantinople, byzantium, the khoo islands, bangladesh, india, bavaria and rome, and because i had been travelling all over asia
 i made a png that said \is the memory card full?\ at the bottom of the screen in white letters and got chewed out by two supervisors for it.
 showed a video to my friend, she told me about a school shooting when we first met, i forgot, she was in tears, now i'm asking for her forgiveness.
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 tried to buy my sister a card for her birthday, ended up sending it to the wrong address and still haven't got a card or gift for her.
 i was giving blood for the first time and looked up at reddit while the nurse was putting a needle in my arm. i threw up for an hour.
 Unknown error},
 left my window open for the night. moth came in. tried to kill him. he flew into my closet. now he's laying eggs in my closet.
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 ate too much, had too many farts, shart all over couch, brown couch, no shart, reset counter, no army.
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 i accidentally doubled the fuel load of a private charter plane and now it will cost thousands of dollars to get another plane to take it in from another city.
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 Unknown error},
 bought a annoy-a-tron from thinkgeek. placed it behind a metal poster frame in the office of one of my co-workers. hilarity ensued.
 went into my girlfriend's friend's bathroom and tried to use her friend's hair conditioner. now my girlfriend thinks i'm having sex with her.
 i forgot to seal a bottle of hydrogen peroxide that was supposed to last until our tenth anniversary. my new wife found out and now she can't take any time off to go to the lady doctor because her coworkers have already started taking off in droves for their summer vacations.
 i didn't go to summer school last year and now i have to quit my job and live at home next year because i didn't go.
 i called a cop a pig on accident and had to hide in the back room while my coworkers laughed at me. i'm an asshole.
 i got really drunk and made a guy i am in love with uncomfortable, and now he hates me. i'm pretty sure he hates me now.
 shaved my pubes with my dad's face razor, blocked the drains, he thought it was his legs, and i had to clean it up.
 i'm an asshole who can't handle 12 hour shifts, and now i'm shaking like a leaf and bouncing off the walls.
 jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have school in the morning and i have jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have jerked it until like 1 am and i have school in the morning and i have
 got high on a highway and knocked a cherry off my jeans and it caught my pants on fire and i had to be pulled over and put out by my friends.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 got drunk, went to a cheap hotel, had sex with a morbidly obese fat woman, felt like a dick for the rest of my life.
 i started crying at work and had to leave early because of it. i feel like a complete jackass for crying and not being able to stop.
 Model google/pegasus-reddit_tifu timed out},
 tried to do a pull up, dislocated my shoulder for the 10th time. ended up hanging from a pull up bar with my right arm while my friend looked on thinking that i just missed the bar with my other hand.
 tried to spice up my work sex life, pulled a muscle in my leg while trying to make it look like i wasn't having a bad time.
 i shaved the top layer of skin off of my sack and now it stings like a bitch and i'm not sure what to do about it.
 i put my 7 month old in the bouncer, she pooped all over the carpet and i had to clean it up with carpet cleaner for pet poop.
 i drank too much beer, ate too much pizza, and sharted on my mattress in the middle of the night. i'm an idiot.
 i kicked an asshole in a dream and may have broken my big toe on my right foot. don't dream about assholes.
 my daughter played with my phone and turned on a video in front of my wife and her best friend. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck.
 don't be like me. don't be like me. don't be like me. don't be like me. don't be like me. don't be like me. don't be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me. do not be like me
 i posted 8=d on facebook and am probably getting suspended for it. i'm so fucking dumb i can't even make it funny.
 left hash spliffs on my desk last night, smoked a blunt at work today, locked the doors to my office and \pretending to work on something important\ *what have i done?!* * * *
 didn't listen to the instructions on the back of my car, and ended up dragging one of my wheels down the freeway for a good 15 miles.
 forgot to take a nap, woke up covered in blood trying to get a refund for a ticket to disney world, got shot at for being a terrorist in the middle east.
 i crashed my mum's car because i thought neither car could fit on the road and slammed on the brakes too hard, causing \u00a3500 worth of damage.
 i dropped my phone into a pack of butter, the charging port and speaker holes were filled with butter, the sound was damped and cracking, i left my phone in a bowl of rice to \dry\ for the rest of the day and now the sound is a bit better but still less than normal.
 i'm wearing a dirty shirt to an interview for a job i didn't even apply for, and i've got a large stain on my shirt.
 went into the foodtruck business and won both auctions. now i have to figure out how to get out of it. i'm a dumbass.
 i thought i was going to bite my friend's finger, but instead i licked/sucked her finger and made her look like an ass.
 i pissed all over my mom's drapes because i thought a bee was in my man-water, and now my drapes are stained with my piss.
 tifu by liking a girl i work with, staying after my shift to spend time with said girl, but she was mad at me so i may have showed emotion at work and now my coworkers want her dead.
 i got sick on a flight, threw up on the sink, wiped my butt and cleaned the sink, then ran out of the bathroom and scared a guy with a suite.
 used condoms in girl's toilet. her mom found them. now i can't go over to her house. i'm a dumb ass.
 got too drunk, fell down a set of steps, sprained my ankle, and can't work for 2 weeks. don't drink, kids.
 i took laxatives, ate a huge omelette, and shit myself in the middle of the night, then tried to fix the toilet by filling it with water.
 late to work, stoned, and mildly intelligent. no real damage done though, thank science. i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i'm late to work, i
 googled my ex's husband's name, found out he's a porn star, got a big black dick all over my monitor.
 i put ilbts on and joe walsh sang \i like big tits!\ in front of a bunch of preschool kids and their parents.
 gf's mom was sleeping like a log all night and i woke her up at 5 am to get her ass up and on the road.
 went to girlfriends house, forgot my headphones, pandora station playing blood hound gang's, mom walks in and my last open tab blares out.
 cut my nut sack with a hair trimmer, bled profusely, didn't put a band-aid on it, and now i'm sitting 2 hours later with dried blood on my ball sack.
 : http://www.reddit.com/r/tifu/comments/1b0jy2/tifu_by_possibly_tearing_the_cords_of_my_eyeball
 i shot my cum all the way over my gf's head, broke my urethra, and had to wait in line for 4 hours at the er.
 i swerved around an off-duty firetruck, thinking it was a funeral procession, only to realize it was just an off-duty firetruck.
 i drank pepsi instead of diet cherry, and now i'm 14 years under the legal limit for the united states, but i'm not drunk.
 **: took a shower, forgot to turn the water off, turned the water on too hot, burned my balls, now sitting on the couch with my legs wrapped around a bottle of water.
 i dropped a tube full of crickets on the ground and now i'm in a lot of pain and can't feed my bearded dragon anymore.
 ate at long john silvers for the first time, had diarrhea so bad i thought i would explode, pooped on a toilet that had plenty of toilet paper.
 i told a girl i know her name and now i feel like a dick. i'm not sure if i'll ever see her again.
 i spilled stain/poly on my hands and tried to get it off with mineral spirits. slipped on the stairs and busted my ass. my neighbors didn't hear me scream.
 tried to ask my mom to buy me a cooch buzzer, got caught and cried in the middle of the walmart store holding a vibrator while my mother consoled me.
 i bought the wrong battery for my truck, fried the main computer system, had to spend $2000+ to get a new one and i'm a self employed landscaper.
 my chair and my fat body went flying into the floor at work. everyone laughed. i pretended like i was injured. i won't live this down for months.
 i masterbaited my balls with a glass eater and cut the top side of my ballz with a sp piece of glass. best b-day ever.
 i bought tickets to see gov't mule on the night my girlfriend's best friend was going to spend her birthday with her. now she's going to spend her birthday alone.
 ate a funnel cake, vomited all over my gf's new cloths, in the shock of this caused me to shit my self..
 i used petrol to start a fire, shaved my beard and scorched my eyebrows, then went out to lunch with a new haircut and scorched eyebrows. i'm an idiot.
 ate a ton of food, needed to piss, shat in porta potty, vomited in porta potty, shat in porta potty, vomited in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, vomited in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, vomited in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty, shat in porta potty,
 i tripped over an umbrella and fell on an old lady making her down on the ground, and i farted out of her. a little girl thought i was raping her.
 tried to hook up with my old touch buddy three weeks after getting dumped by my fiance. she's married and was utterly disgusted by my advances. she told me even if she wasn't i could go fuck myself.
 used neighbor's email account to send porn to my boyfriend and now i'm out of a job. i'm a dumbass.
 i uploaded my mom's work pictures to imgur, and now she thinks i'm uploading her work pictures to a porn website -.-
 i changed my profile picture and name to match someone else's and now she won't talk to me and another friend won't talk to me.
 my girlfriend and i went to the wrestling room with no clothes on and no way to run away. wrestling coach walked in and we waited for him to show up. had my girlfriends mother or my mother pressed charges i would have been labeled a registered sex offender for life and would have gone to jail.
 accidentally opened a document with a picture of spring breakers on my desktop and a faculty member thought i was trying to get them on board with my company.**
 iced coffee fell off the tp holder and all over my clothes, pants, legs, shoes, and my phone. fuck you tp holders.
 drank coffee that had milk in it and my lactaid pills didn't work. had to go home from work and may have lost my job because my temp agency finds temps expendable.
 broke up with girlfriend of 5 months, went on a shagging spree, didn't have condom stash, met a girl at a rave, went into her bare-back condom, she thinks she's pregnant, std and possibly a baby.
 went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the dog, tied the dog to the poll outside, went to grab some food for the
 met up with a girl i've been talking to for a year, told her about a girl i've been talking to, she won't talk to me anymore.
 Unknown error},
 helped a friend move out of his house, he taught me how to smoke wax, i get a funny taste in my mouth and he tells me he smoked meth.
 i tried to play airplane with my neighbor's 3 year old and ended up throwing him off the curb. he landed on the concrete with a splat and sat there stunned for a few seconds before the tears came.
 went to the roller rink, pissed all over my shirt, fell into a urinal, hit my nose on the floor, and had to walk out with a bloody nose.
 went to look for weed, found dildos and vibrators, left them in the closet and my mother walked in on me with a vibrator in my pants.
 i put a bag of anal toys under my mattress and my grandpa saw them while we were putting carpet in my room. he didn't notice.
 i left a bottle of water in my back seat of my car for a month, and now i'm covered in ant bites and ruined textbooks.
 my hamster escaped from her cage while i was cleaning it, and i am now trying to keep my hamster from running into the shrubbery while my dog tries to eat her.
 tried to try out some pickup lines with a teacher's ass, ended up calling her an ass. i'm a fucking idiot.
 by god that burrito was superb though, the rest of the walk to the register however was quite awkard. by god that burrito was superb 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110 888-739-5110
 didn't go to the bathroom before my morning run and ended up having to sprint home from a rural area to take a shit. never again.**
 i met a girl at first sight, fell in love with her appearance, personality, and humor. we got together and had the most amazing times, but things started to get very serious.
 dog shit on my bath mat, cleaned it off with toilet paper and hand soap, then ran my foot under the shower water and cleaned my feet with soap.
 i cut my finger with a chop saw and it fucked up the bone and around my finger and i'm not sure if i'll be able to use it again.
 took a shit in poison ivy and now i'm sitting in the car waiting for the shoot to be done before i can take a shower and grab some chamomile lotion or something.
 i stayed in college because i thought my parents would think i was a huge failure, and now i have a bill of over $6,000 due in a month.
 i accidentally snapchatted a picture of my penis to my girlfriend and now i'm afraid she's going to find it and i'm going to die.
 didn't wash my hands after cutting jalapeos, scratched my taint, tried to tap dance on it with milk, ended up dipping my taint in milk.
 i dove for my bed and ended up face planting my dresser. i'm a muthafuckin and i'm a dumbass.
 i was benzodrinking with my boys and i mistakenly sent the girl i love how i feel she freaked out and didnt feel the same way i did i feel like shit anyone know how long it takes for a heart to heal?
 ate a bag of wasabi peas and now my anus is burning like a ghost chili and i dont know what to do with the rest of my life.
 mandolines are dangerous. don't use them for anything that calls for them, especially if you don't know how to use them. and if you don't know how to use them, don't use them. and if you don't know how to use them, don't use them. and if you don't know how to use them, don't use them. and if you don't know how to use them, don't use them. and if you don't know how to use them, don't use them. and if you don't know
 i used a counterfeit bill to pay for a $300 order, and now my manager thinks i'm a counterfeiter. i feel like an asshole.
 ate a steak, got food poisoning, got quarantined for 3 days, can't have contact with my daughter on her first christmas, feel like shit.
 fell asleep reading a book, woke up to a rip in the page i left off on, ripped the rest of the page out, woke up this morning to find out it wasn't a dream.
 victoria's secret model wanted to see despicable me, i was a chivalrous fuck, and i peed on myself in front of her.
 got drunk with my cousins, threw up all over the bathroom floor and threw a towel in to the woods to make it look like we didn't throw it away.
 tried lube for the first time, put it in a plastic cup and forgot about it, woke up to find it in my phone, now i don't know what to do with it.
 made the worst sandwich money can buy and now my tongue's drooping out of my mouth like a sick animal. fuck this life and \budder it\ with a knife.
 tried to kill ants with hand sanitizer and ended up squirting it into my eye. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. fuck ants. f
 i made a video with my new panties on and my new neighbors saw my ass. i don't know what the chances are that they looked over but if they did... they got an eyeful of my ass.
 everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks i'm into some weird gay porn. and now everyone thinks
 i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i was too baked to turn it off. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i was too baked to turn it off. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i was too baked to turn it off. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles. i watched terminator: the sarah connor chronicles.
 i tried to find a pokemon game cartridge under my bed and ended up smashing myself in the back of the head with the mattress and box spring. i'm an ass fucking idiot.
 tried to pick up a girl, fell on her, called her fat, she was pissed at me the rest of the night and kept making fat jokes.
 i told a guy that he should adopt his daughter and send her back. he didn't think it was funny and i didn't talk to him again.
 don't do kegels on a lawn chair. you will end up spraying yourself with your own bodily fluids. also don't do kegels on a lawn chair. you will end up spraying yourself with your own bodily fluids. also don't do kegels on a lawn chair. you will end up spraying yourself with your own bodily fluids. also don't do kegels on a lawn chair. you will end up spraying yourself with your own bodily fluids. also don't do kegels on a lawn chair. you will end up spraying yourself with your own bodily fluids. also don't do kegels
 fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck
 i have an umbrella that looks like a sword, someone reported it to the police, college went into shelter-in-place, and i had to explain it to the director of safety and security.
 i used olive oil for lube, forgot it had chilli in, used it to masturbate, ended up with a stinging sensation and a burning hand.
 don't drink liquids if you have diarrhea. you're gonna end up popping yourself. don't drink liquids if you have diarrhea. you're gonna end up popping yourself. good thing i work at home
 i put a decimal point one spot to the right of where it should have been. i'm a dumbass and now i'm broke.
 i masturbated before bed and my kitten watched me jack off. she won't leave my bed to sleep on it. she won't move. fuck.
 i feel like an inconsiderate twat and i'm hoping she won't hold it against me (she probably will though). i don't know what came over me, but it did, and i feel like a jackass for it. i don't know what came over me, but it did, and i feel like a jackass for it. i don't know what came over me, but it did, and i feel like a jackass for it. i don't know what came over me, but it did, and i feel like a jackass
 i told my manager to send me home for having my hands in my pockets and now i'm waiting to find out if i'm going to be fired.
 i texted my boss \i don't even care if this asshole shows up at this point, im gonna leave on principle alone. this is such bullshit.\
 i scratched a hole into the side of my ball sack while playing dota2 and now my balls are itchy and i have a hole in my scrotum.
 showed my friend a rap battle i thought was funny, but was actually a reference to his recently deceased uncle. i feel like the world's biggest asshole.
 i laughed at a picture of a sex-doll on facebook and it looked like i was laughing at a picture of a body cut up and gutted bieng used as a sex-doll.
 i pooped a bit on my pinky toe, thought it was meat sauce, tried to wipe it off with toilet paper, pooped a bit on my pinky toe.
 i took a jewish girl out to a restaurant and she told me she was jewish and i urged her to try some of the other dish i got.
 tifu by jumping on the bed. rails snapped in two. wife is out of town. don't know if i'm a kid anymore.
 my boyfriend locked me out of the house, i poked him in the face with a slat from my bed, and now he's pissed at me.
 sent my dad a picture of me in my red lace, babydoll lingerie holding 3 dildos, and a butt plug, and a description of how my husband likes to fuck me.
 roasted marshmallows, cooked hotdogs, dog came out from under the fire pit with shorter back hair than the rest of his body. he's fine.
 i arched my back to stretch my laptop and it slid off of my stomach like a computer water slide into my exposed teeth and chipped about half of my right front tooth and 1/3 of the left one.
 i \liked\ a photo of screws and lubricant on a guy's facebook page, now i look like a creep and he's gonna see it.
 told a girl she couldn't be pregnant because of her drinking, she said she's pregnant, everyone thinks i'm an asshole.
 don't be a lazy fuck like me and go to work with a big ol' ol' tear in your back pocket or else you'll never be able to wear it again.
 didn't stop my car before it overheated and killed itself, ended up costing me over \u00a3400 to have it fixed. i'm a dumbass.
 tried to reference star wars in class and ended up calling africans wookies. i'm an asshole and my class thinks i'm a racist.
 tifu by watching a video about keylogging. now i am paranoid and going to watch what i type. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck
 i fucked up by failing my online stats class and probably won't be able to get a degree i applied for because i didn't pass the class.
 i gave a black man koolaid instead of enfamil because i thought he was asking for chicken and koolaid. i'm not racist.
 i asked a girl if she wanted to be friends, she said she's already in a relationship, but admires my honesty and still wants to be friends.
 i closed a door and a table hit me in the head. my bf doesn't want to talk to me, and i have a concussion.
 gay guy keeps trying to get me to his apt under the guise of pc problems. i say no. he feels insulted. we haven't hung out since.
 i crashed my car into a pole in an empty parking lot because my foot got stuck in the floor mat and i panicked and tried to reverse into the parking blocks.
 i fell into my grandparents' toilet because i'm lactose intolerant and didn't notice the seat was up. i'll never be able to use it again.
 ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!! ama!!
 if you're not tired of shit, but rather want more posts like these, then i would like to show you rule number two (no pun intended, pun made).
 i tried to tell my friend that i had a crush on a girl, he saw it all, and now i'm in a shitty situation.
 walked 2 12 miles to an interview, took a seat on a table with 15 other people around it, didn't get the job.**
 had a kid sit on my lap, boner started swelling, kid moved back a bit, boner got fucked up, walked out of the room.
 i scheduled a job interview on the wrong day and haven't heard back from the person i interviewed with. now i'm out of a job.
 i sent my roommate a link to some gay porn i was watching the night before. i've been trying to play it off that he didn't know i'm gay.
 shit myself at work, ripped my pants, and left the place almost as fast as those tacos left me. i work at gordons food service.
 tried to get rid of fruit flies in the kitchen by boiling them in vinegar, ended up creating a chemical weapon and now my kitchen smells like mustard gas.
 don't trust a fart. don't do anything weird with your genitals. don't trust a fart. don't do anything weird with your genitals.
 almost kissed a girl who wasn't my gf. i know she wanted it, but i don't know what to do. i love both of them, but have no fucking clue what to do.
 missed the train, drove up and back, had to shit at work, had to shit bad, walked down the hall to the toilet and my asshole exploded.
 i pissed myself at work and threw my wet underwear out the toilet window and now i'm at my desk writing with semi-wet pants and no underwear.
 i got horny in the back of my friend's car and ended up getting a flat tire and now i have no money to pay for it.
 tifu by staring at an elderly woman in the emergency room while she had ticks inside of her vagina and witnessing her doctor remove them mid-removal.
 i was chasing my dog and set the computer on the floor, it tripped over the cord, disconnected the charger from the wall, and ate some floor.
 i tried to put a golf ball in my vagina, it wouldn't come out and i had to use rusty pliers to get it out.**
 i fapped in the toilet while browsing reddit and crashed my computer because i thought my parents were in the corridoor. i'm an idiot.
 i made yo momma joke, mate punched me in nose, i went into amok and pounded him into wall, blood everywhere, lost my school reputation.
 saw kids throwing rocks at cars, thought they were gangsters, pulled up next to them and told one of them he was going to kill someone. i'm an asshole.
 thought i could skip my morning poop to get to the airport on time, flight was going to be two hours, flight instructor was late, shit averted.
 hot chick invites me to a frat party, fuck me in the shower, get vaseline all over her ass, and my dick stuck in her ass.
 pushed a panic button at work, got a swat team called on us right before the dinner rush, and had a burly swat guy with a gun patrolling our store right before the dinner rush started.
 patient thought i was the devil, patient thought i was a vampire, and patient thought i was a pedophile. i'm not a vampire.
 off my chest sub about some girl who gets the shit beat out of her by bf and not knowing what to do blah blah blah. i post whether or not they had sex, knowing full well she is still with him for whatever excuse/reason. she can't go to the hospital even though she shows signs of needing medical attention, not wanting the staff to question what happened. she can't go to the hospital even though she shows signs of needing medical attention, not wanting the staff to question what happened. she can't go to the hospital even though she shows signs of needing medical attention, not wanting the
 i'm getting a write up for shoplifting, it wasn't on purpose and i'm not getting fired. i'm not getting fired.
 i didn't edit a video because i was sick, and now my group won't talk to me. also, i don't think anyone in the group is a very good video editor, so they were counting on me.
 i left my bike outside for a couple of weeks, someone stole it and now i don't know if i'll ever be able to ride it again
 ctrl-d to deselect will delete 1.5tb of movie data. you don't have to take your right hand off your mouse or move your left hand to delete 1.5tb of data.
 i've been having an affair with two female friends that my wife didn't know about because i didn't tell her about them and now she thinks i'm cheating on her.
 didn't say anything about my neighbor's 3 cars for the last 10 years because i didn't mind them squashing them into the driveway. when one of the deceased man's sons was in the driveway, i said \guess you won't need that [third] car anymore.\ probably something subconscious.
 i thought a girl was pregnant, she wasn't, i'm a dumbass and will never work at the store i used to work at again.
 went to clean up after jacking off. door was open and i was looking at gay porn. parents aren't fond of homosexuals. i'm too scared to go downstairs for fear of what might await me.
 i created a 150gb partition out of the osx partition and now i am unable to boot into windows. i can still boot into osx and all my win partition files are still accessible... but i just cant figure out how to fix my partition map so it finds windows again.
 went to the toilet, piss went under the seat, out of the bowl and on to my (beige) trousers. now i have a slightly wet arse, probably smell of piss, and i still don't know enough for my exam tomorrow.
 my 13 year old sister walked in on me masturbating and now i feel sick to my stomach and i'm going to have to eat sausages for dinner.
 put toaster on top burner of stove, toaster caught fire, soup was cold, tried to cool burner with cold water, plastic melted, soup still good.
 put my phone in my blazer pocket, wiped in the toilet, stood up, phone dove head first into my poop porridge and i heard a \plop\.
 i peed in my mcdonalds cup and poured it down the sink, left it on the counter and my friend drank it straight from the cup.
 accepted into a fraternity, forgot to call in to confirm acceptance, fraternity left to a group vacation this holiday weekend and 2am was the time they left to drive down to their lodge or cabin or whatever the hell they are staying......shit..
 i shaved my head for my wife and now they are super sensitive and i feel like i am going to have to shave my head everyday for the rest of my life.
 i ate a pasty, clogged the toilet, and plunged over a koi pond-sized puddle in my front hall and to the computer to unclog it.
 told a guy to take a bite out of a dog treat. turns out he wanted to take a bite out of his own dog treat. made my day.
 tifu by stroking my penis after ripping up both palms on my bike and having a raging boner. i still don't know if it was worth it.
 got drunk, pissed all over my fridge and now owe the house a grocery store visit. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-zlbvktbdwc
 i got sick on the first day of school, met a girl i had been crushing on, and puked the first time i met her. she is now my best friend.
 i ate spicy pizza, didn't wash my hands, and now my dick feels like it's sitting in its own piss whilst fapping.
 i borrowed a pen, teacher put a science test in the pen, now i think i did it, can i get expelled or something? it's a public school.
 i kept nudes of girls from a dick contest on my email and my ex found them. now i feel like an idiot and she wont talk to me.
 i nailed my room mate in the balls while pouring smoke under his door, he thought it was an electrical fire and broke his bedroom window trying to escape.

 got accused of being drunk, got sent home after 45 minutes, had to get breathalysed, had to ring and talk to the big boss to prove i was sober, got told i could be fired on the spot (even though my bac was 0, so that would be unfair dismissal). lesson i learned today; if you hate your job don't go in smiling and laughing because they'll think you are off your head.
 i peed in a walgreens and had to hold back the invading forces for the length of the store. i saved my undies with the quick clenching.
 bought a carburetor on craigslist that didn't fit my truck, now i'm out $150 and i don't have enough money to buy a different carb.
 i handed a guy 50 bucks for a pizza he didn't even want, and i forgot how to numbers for a few minutes. it was a great fuck up.
 tried to be sexy for a movie, ended up naked in front of my son and ups guy while trying to get him to go to his room.
 didn't want a girl to find out i was taking a dump, turned the shower on to make them think i was taking a shower and flushed the toilet.
 don't do phone interviews when you're on the road. it'll make you look like a dumbass in front of a potential employer.
 tried to kill a fly with my dick, ended up pissing on my lips and pantleg. fuck flys, don't fuck with them.
 i deleted my mother's voicemails, one of which was from my dead father, and now she thinks i'm going to have a stroke.
 i thought he was turning 50 last year, so i guessed he was turning 51. nope, 49. always go lower, they say...so much for being honest an fairly accurate :(
 ambien induced me to sing \uncle f*cker\ from south park on the phone to my boss in the middle of the night last night.
 i applied for a state job, didn't get it because the post office didn't forward my mail. now i'm making 2x as much as i do at my current job.
 sent a text to my manager saying 'x is leaving!!!!!!' while waiting for him to come and collect me 10 mintues later i check my phone and thought it odd that she hadn't replied, so i double check the message, and realise i had send the message to x himself.
 i left lunch meat at home and now i am eating two american cheese sandwiches. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart man. i am not a smart
 tried to be darrelle revis and catch a football with my own soundtrack, ended up with a broken rib, a bruised hip, and a bloody nipple.
 i put a gram of weed in my friend's car instead of his real car. someone drove around with a gram of weed in their glove compartment.
 tifu by letting a cat pee on me while i was taking care of the litter box. i'm not sure if she wanted to know i belong to her or not.
 got drunk and had sex with my girlfriend's paralyzed mother. she didn't wake up and it hit the side of her body that was paralyzed.
 i made a freshman cry, and i feel like a total ass for it. i also feel like i handled it terribly with her. i feel like a total ass.
 i forgot to lock the door to my room and my cat knocked a basking light on to my pillow and it caught on fire and i had to get a new one.
 hit the random button too much on reddit, got linked to r/bluewaffles, dad asked me what the hell i was doing, sucked.
 ate too much junk, threw up, got locked out of my house, grandpa came to my rescue with anti-diarrheal and suppository.
 had sex before christmas dinner, girlfriend had the worst nose bleed in history, dried blood everywhere, had to explain why i was full of dried blood to my family.
 punched the printer and yelled inappropriate words, which become the next fucked up thing because all the neighbors(3 peoples) looked at me.(my room has a big ass window and the curtain was opened) now i got no paper left and the nearest printing place are closed.
 took nyquil while on cymbalta, experienced the most intense buzz/numb feeling i've ever felt in my life, and had to wipe my ass.
 i tried to blow up a bee nest, but ended up with golf clubs in the tree and a bottle rocket in my front door. i also tried to light a roman candle.
 didn't keep copies of photos and video from my aunt's wedding, dropped my laptop on the hard drive, it crashed, warranty expired.**
 i went to a funeral for my grandfather's girlfriend, only to realize i had the wrong date of death and had to wait for the rabbi to speak.
 girlfriend found my reddit account, found some less than flattering things about various subjects (like her, ex's, etc.) not sure quite what's going to happen now, but i'm expecting a very angry girlfriend and possibly getting dumped very soon
 left my ipad at a friend's house, his mother found all my messages, and forwarded them to my mother and the mothers of several other friends.
 tried to go the extra mile for my girlfriends valentines day present, ended up looking like a creeper waiting outside her house for her mom to come home.
 tried to fix a hole in my shower hose with superglue, got covered in it and now have a red rash on my chest, back and face.
 i spit in a bottle of gatorade and now my mom thinks i'm addicted to it and she's gonna have a big talk about it.
 almost lost an envelope full of cash, walked back to the spot i was parked in, found the envelope, and am pretty sure i took a dump.
 i paid \u00a395 for a practical driving test i didn't need, and wasted \u00a333 which could have been put to better use. i'm an idiot.
 i challenged my brother to eat a piece of hot lava from the middle of my lasagne. it didn't work and i'm pretty sure i've killed my tastebuds.
 asked the wrong girl's number and found out she was married with the owner of the restaurant i was eating at. i'm an asshole.
 i'm terrible at confrontations and i'm pretty sure it sounded fake and like i didn't give a shit when i tried to profusely apologize.
 i set off the fire alarm in my shared flat, leaving me with 1 1/2 hair legs and the disapproval of all my flatmates. [here's](http://i.imgur.com/1b7k6hs.jpg) a picture of what i was left with.
 made a joke about giving up my job to become a stripper, now i can't talk to the girl i work with because i'm weird.
 i might lose my job because i didn't read the registers correctly and ended up short over $1000 on a foreign customer's card. now the higher ups are looking into this and apparently bulk buyers are extremely frowned upon to the point where i might lose my job over this. the reason being is cause they take our merchandise and sell it in their country i learn the outcome of everything tomorrow
 i gave a girl my number on pof and now she is creeping me the fuck out and i don't know what to do. fuck pof.
 told my superintendent i didn\u2019t like talking to people because i don\u2019t like talking to people, and now she thinks i\u2019m an asshole.
 put my finger on my car rotors and now have a nice blister on the tip of my middle finger. can't drive for a while and have a huge brain fart.
 don't say \just because i drink budweiser doesn't mean i listen to country music\ just because you drink budweiser doesn't mean you listen to country music
 i sat on my boyfriend's face while he was eating me out, he decided to listen to me scream don't stop and ended up knocking him unconscious.
 housemate left coconut rum in a water bottle, i drank it thinking it was cordial. knocked back painkillers with rum. waiting out the effects so i can now drive home.
 thought i was being attacked by a small animal when i woke up, tried to kill it by smashing it on the ground, turns out it was my right hand.
 didn't want to let a guy overtake me so i sped up and he almost dragged me out of the car like niko bellic and beat the shit out of me.
 i asked my clingy mom if she ever felt sad that she wouldn't have to shop in the children's section again, and she bawled her eyes out.
 i didn't have my boyfriend over for my uncle's house, he found a condom in my uncle's bed, and now i feel like i ruined the relationship i had with him.
 i accidentally replied to a message from a creep saying i'll see them for dinner tomorrow, and i'm getting messages back from every person on that list, most of which i don't even know.
 tifu by comparing my boyfriend's dick to my ex's. he's extremely sensitive about it. i'm an ass.
 i almost fell asleep on the back of my dad's atv because i didn't listen to my dad's instructions. i'm an idiot.
 i farted in my panties while my boyfriend was playing with my boobs. he thought it was funny, but i'm still pretty embarrassed.
 i hit myself in the balls with my dick while dancing with my gf and she laughed like a bitch. i'm an asshole.
 i picked on a client's operations department, causing them to have to retype a bid bond for a multi-million dollar deal that had to be submitted by 2pm.
 screamed at a man for laughing outside my window for 20 minutes straight at 6am in the morning. he had the tell-tale signs of down-syndrome / autism, and he was watching a funny video on his phone.
 went to a party for the first time, blacked out, puked all over myself, woke up in the middle of the night with a hangover.

 i called my neighbor a dum tsss and got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a huge fuck up. i got sent to my room. not a
 took a tour bus to key west and ended up 20 miles away in a bad neighborhood with homeless people and crackheads. paid 100 dollars for a cab to get us back to our hotel.
 i complained about my housemate to her sorority sister, she probably ratted me out, and now she's staying at her boyfriend's place.
 posted a picture to rcreepy it hit the shit out of it, karma took it from me, and now i'm out of a job.
 didn't wash my hands after having a bloody nose in front of a customer, then proceeded to fucking sneeze out the toilet paper nose plug in front of the office.
 don't crap in the woods if you don't know what you're doing, or you'll end up with poison ivy in your pants.
 threw my gun in my bag, forgot about it all day, went to work and didn't realize it was there until it was sitting there all day.
 it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross it was gross
 centipede ran over my foot in the shower, i tried to jump out of the way to get it off, fell on my knee and spilled my beer.
 i posted study guides online for my class and forgot to hit save and uploaded all my thoughts and feelings to the internet. the staff can see them and i hope my instructor doesn't take the time to go through them.
 don't take laxatives if you haven't pooped in a week, or you'll end up cramping up your asshole.**
 i lost my passport. my dad is going to kill me. i'm so screwed. i'm so screwed. i lost my passport. i'm so screwed. i lost my passport. i'm so screwed. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport. i lost my passport
 got drunk at a party, slept with a nice girl, forgot my best friend was there, can't sleep in my single bed with her after the break up.
 i told a coworker that i got rejected from a great school because my boss has major hookups at that school, and now i have no acceptances to any schools.
 i tried to clean my saxophone with a swab, ended up ripping the neck of the saxophone and getting a deep cut in my thumb and a few burns.
 drank too much caffeine, pooped in the shower, got sprayed in the face with the force and accuracy unrivaled by anything outside of back alley films from thailand.
 don't smell food before you eat it, you'll end up burning your nasal passages and sneezing like a little girl in the middle of the night.
 went to sleep with the urge to shit, woke up with the urge to shit, shat myself in my sleep twice, girlfriend still laughs at me.
 had a closed fist- bam- straight into a cup of tea they had set on the railing, then ran downstairs to change my laundry and returned by the back staircase.
 set multiple alarms for midterms, woke up at 10:17 this morning, didn't have enough time to get to my exam, ran out of time, answered the vast majority of the questions.
 i fucked up by taking off my ipod screen, factory resetting my psvita, playing elsword on my computer, and updating my windows to 8.1.
 i accidentally showed my class a porn pop up while playing a game of \ship\ and \sheep\, and said \shit\ instead of \ship\.
 cleaned the toilet with bleach and chlorine gas, now i'm going to have to clean the toilet with bleach and chlorine gas for the rest of my life.
 ate grilled cheese before a physics test, held in a shit for too long, shit all over my boxers, no one gave me a second glance.
 will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober. will edit when sober.
 tried to take my contacts out with my fingers, ended up cutting the surface of my eye with my nails and managed to pull my contact lens out on the first attempt.
 i used lube on my balls and hit my dick with a high pressure shower head. now i'm in loads of pain and my balls are burning.
 showed my mum a list of states on the internet and she thought it was porn. i'm a dumbass and she's a dumbass.
 i forgot to delete a redditor made song from my ipod, and it played when i went to pick up milk from a grocery store with my religious family.
 i ordered pizza and breadsticks from papa johns and my coworker took the fucking box with him to work and ate the rest of the pizza and breadsticks.
 left a $500 chip at a casino, took out my phone to snap a picture of it, dropped it. lost forever. hope it went to someone who needed it.
 i drank too much, danced too hard, and puked so much that i clogged the drain and sat crying in a tub full of water and my own meals.
 got drunk, passed out on bathroom floor, spent the rest of the night glued to the toilet with uncontrollable shits. i feel like my insides turned inside out and then decided to make their way out my ass... and they won't stop :-(
 got stoned, couldn't find a place to piss, my mate took a photo of me while i was pissing, he didn't know i was pissing.
 i got a cup of coffee and spilled it all over my laptop. it's still sticky and i don't know if it's sugar or semen.
 i accidentally zoomed in on my female friend's boobs in a film i was editing for an acting class. everyone in university thinks i'm a creepy perv and now she hates me.
 i left a $25 gift for my grandma in a bag and it blew out of my car and i didnt chase it.. it was for my grandma.
 i've been sitting on a dude's chair at my computer lab for a few weeks now, and i'm not sure if it's because he's a bigger dude or because he's not cleaning himself properly.
 ...and breathing in a sh*t-ton of water and burning the crap out of my brain.
 i got my tractor stuck in weeds and had to use bolt cutters and my wife's truck to get it out. i have to buy new blades and a deck spindle.
 i left my lsd in the fridge and my roommates are coming back today. they would absolutely not be o.k. with my lsd-cooling antics. they would absolutely not be o.k. with my lsd-cooling antics. they would absolutely not be o.k. with my lsd-cooling antics. they would absolutely not be o.k. with my lsd-cooling antics. they would absolutely not be o.k. with my lsd-cooling antics. they would absolutely not be o.k. with my lsd-cooling antics. they
 flunked out of university, don't know what i'm doing with my life or what i'm doing (not that i knew what i was doing before hand).
 went for a jog in the park, had to go to the park clubhouse to get a bathroom, had to wipe my butt with white track pants.
 tried to force my shit-stained boxers out of the recycling bin during a storm, bin fell over in the rain, and i'm sorry if it landed in your yard.
 got high, coughed like a motherfucker, now i'm going to shit on the toilet next time i'm in the same situation.
 i microwaved my mum's beans, missed the sharpie and now it's all melty and shit and i'm staying at my mum's for the summer.
 i ran over an actor's nose with a cart full of crap and got a \sorry about the nose\ note in the post it note box.
 i chopped up habanero peppers and garlic and then re-adjusted my nut and now i feel like i'm getting stabbed in the back by a knife.
 my cat tried to race me down the stairs and ended up hitting the wall instead. he's fine, but i doubt he'll remember this incident next time and will try all over again.
 i humped my gf while she was on her period and she thought i was a sex god. she wakes up next morning and tells me shes not mad.
 i got pulled over by a cop because i didn't have my license or proof of insurance on me and he thought i was drunk or a crackhead.
 i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't know what to do with. i'm a fucking idiot and wasted \u00a315 on earphones i don't
 i accidentally gave a man and his son gas instead of diesel. now my job is on the line and i must pass a drug test to keep my job.
 pissed on friend's dog, dog slept with me, dog rolled in my piss the next morning, smelled like piss, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the next morning, dog slept with me, dog rolled in piss the
 fell asleep on the bus, woke up to cum in my ass, couldn't get to a bathroom, cum got deeper into my ass.

 i backed up my mom's photos to my dropbox and accidentally backed them up to my dropbox as well. now my mom sees my most private photos.
 tried to use a razor as a dildo, cut my hand on the razor, bled all over my shower curtains, shampoo bottle, and hand.
 i liked it for the wrong reason and now i'm the only guy that likes it and i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and now i'm the only guy that likes it again and
 thought a pot hole was a turn lane, got arrested, can't drive for a year now, can't go to law school, got fired.
 i tried to make an ice mocha and ended up with ants crawling all over me as i tried to clean it up. it turned out *okay.*
 i didn't tell my best friend of 3 years that my friend and her boyfriend broke up because i thought it was a \natural\ breakup. now she hates me and my best friend hates me.
 had surgery on my butt crack, girlfriend came over, made a wrong turn, ripped open a couple stitches, now i'm in pain and can barely walk
 spartan-kicked a door that wasn't open, knocked a girl out, punched a guy who was trying to help her, and left before it caused a scene.
 fucked my girlfriend,got a towel,cleaned myself,asked for a towel,got cum towel all over her dad,he took a shower.
 my so's family shut off the water/plumbing to the bathroom and i didn't flush my butthole because i had stomach cramps.
 don't fuck up your taxes, you'll fuck up your chances of getting your money back, and you'll fuck up your chances of getting your money back.
 opened up reddit, saw nsfw picture, gf came in and said i've been looking at porn, now angry and sad at me
 smoked weed for the first time in 20 years at a poker tournament and lost half my chips in the process. i'll never smoke weed with name deleted> again.
 sold my phone to a friend, he put his sim card in and it was all good. today he texted me that hes watching the vids of my girlfriend blowing me.
 i flashed my boobs in front of my boyfriend's father while he was watching a video of a snake eating chicken. it's so embarrassing.
 i didn't check my voicemail for a week, got a call at 2 am from an hr person who had called to set up an interview for a job i had applied for.
 thought it would be fun to bet a little money on sports and blackjack. lost $50. don't think i'll be saving money for college.
 i tried to take a potty break and ended up shitting all over my neighbor's legs and feet while he thought i was an animal hurt.
 popped two stitches on my penis, opened a crater about the size of a hole punch in a piece of paper on my penis because i couldn't get my mind off sex.
 i went to take a dump on the 23rd floor of an office building and ended up having to take 23 flights of stairs to get to the bathroom.
 ate too much food, felt the urge to shit, shit all over the seat in the women's bathroom of the hotel i was staying in.
 my brother shot the tv and busted the window because he didn't check his gun and it wasn't loaded, and my dad won't kill him.
 snoop dog sang about weed in front of my whole class and one of my friends had recently been expelled from school for selling weed. i'm a dumbass.
 i tried to cool my kid's hot fries with the a/c on low and ended up with salt flies in my eyes while i was driving.
 i ran/skipped/walked to catch up to a bus and got caught by a google maps car. i'm not sure how long it usually takes to update.
 told an internet friend i was about to kill myself, he freaked out and told my real friend, who drove to my house and had a long conversation with me.
 don't make the same mistake twice, you'll end up with a broken heart, a broken brain, and a dad who's going to murder me.
 i bought a bottle of lighter fluid that i thought was zippo fuel, but was actually \clipper\ lighter fluid. i smoked a lucky strike.
 i fucked up by sleeping through my alarm and now my boss thinks i'm an asshole who can't be bothered to go to work.
 i fucked an old jar of hotdog relish and my cock felt like it had been stung by a swarm of angry japanese wasps. fuck peanut butter.
 shut laptop down while installing final cut pro 7 studio. office computer used my cd drive to download the final cut software. everything i'd installed through disc 5 was null.
 i insulted my dad who is missing top row teeth by saying \ at least i will have my teeth\ and got a week of no car and no personal freedom.
 i didn't say anything stupid in class for the first time in my life, and now the professor is trying to get the website to work.**
 ate too much nacho doritos and hot wings and shit my pants in the middle of a traffic jam on my way to a job interview.
 i got sick, used the same body wash i use at my so's house, climaxed in the shower and my son found me on the bathroom floor.
 i'm allergic to cashews, grabbed a graham cracker from a bag that was laying next to the nuts, and now i feel like i might vomit.
 went to dinner with my boyfriend's family, had to piss, didn't put the toilet lid up, pissed all over the toilet and towels.
 read tifu by telling my girlfriend that i got a lap dance at my buddy's bachelor party, and now reddit is blocked at my school, and its all thanks to my idiocy.
 i belched out a large root beer at the drive thru window and the customer thought i was a disgusting pig. i'm a disgusting pig.
 got drunk, vomited all over a child, had to close the pool and clean the shit out of the pool from the vomit and gator-aid
 tried to explain that my love for my current girlfriend was stronger than my love for my first girlfriend, and now she thinks i don't love her anyway.
 got drunk, cleaned house, pissed in sock, closed sock, now i have a new sock to replace the one i pissed in. i'm a dumbass.
 went to sister school in china, didn't shit in three days, ate weird food, shit all over myself, broke my computer screen, and had to get it back
 went to the gym, forgot my keys in my hoodie and locked myself out of my car and the gym. had to ruin my housemates sexy time so he could drive across town to pick me up. probably going to catch a cold now.
 i let my brother's dog out of the house and he peed all over the floor. i'm not a dog person. i'm an idiot.
 don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and don't have the girl over, and
 i called a girl a slut and she won't talk to me because i misread \dad\ as \dude\ with a missing 'e'.
 ate a hot dog in one bite and proceeded to spit it out onto a paper towel, washing it down with half a bottle of soda. it was bad.
 i withdrew from college to go to latin america for work-related reasons, and now i'm living as a failure with my parents in an under-developed country.
 i took a shower after work, so that i would not be sweaty for a meeting. i was then forced to ride full speed to my meeting cause i was running late (due to shower).
 i was watching children of the corn in my bedroom and someone walked past and thought i was watching some weird, paedophilic, pornography.**
 i made an omelette in a pan that i thought was clean and now i have a watery bm and i'm pretty sure i'm fucked.
 i didn't check my account to make sure august was paid, i have an extremely late payment and my agent has been trying to get a hold of me but i just find out today that he had the wrong email address. i don't know how i'm going to be able to pay this off, i have a couple of payments coming up and rent and i'm freaking out.
 i ran into an old lady at the gas station and she said she was going to pray for me...and i didn't even get a drink.
 i passed out in my bed and my roommates little sister made out with me and now i have no idea if i should bring it up with him or not.
 sang \dick in a box\ while running to the gym, got caught by a group of people laughing their asses off and ran off to get away from the scene.
 i used my thumb to clean my razor blades and ended up with 3 flaps of skin hanging on my thumb. i still shudder from having my thumb near my razor.
 clogged toilet with tampons. roto rooter is on the way. life sucks sometimes. life sucks sometimes. clogged toilet with tampons. life sucks sometimes. roto rooter is on the way. life sucks sometimes. clogged toilet with tampons. life sucks sometimes. roto rooter is on the way. life sucks sometimes. clogged toilet with tampons. life sucks sometimes. roto rooter is on the way. life sucks sometimes. clogged toilet with tampons. life sucks sometimes.
 don't drink coffee with castor oil in it, trust a fart, and don't wear shorts and panties when you drink coffee with castor oil.
 i went to a party with my roommate and a hot redhead, ended up drinking a drink mixed with vodka that was too much for me to handle.
 didn\u2019t check my towel before taking a shower, ended up with a weta on my dick/balls and a friend flying out the window.
 got drunk in abq, parked my car in front of an old federal building, they thought it was a bomb, busted out my back window with a bomb robot and threw all my shit i'd packed out on the street and sidewalk.
 i jumped off my bunk bed and got poked in the ass by a camp chair and had to have a hot nurse look at my asshole.
 i wiped my ass with too much tissue and now there's a shit ton of shit and tissue in the toilet that won't go down.
 i won a twitter competition to meet a band and missed out because i didn't check my emails in the hours before the show. i'm now sitting here at 2am, missing 2 assignment deadlines due 2 hours ago because i can't be fucked moving.
 i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i'm lonely. i
 got drunk at a swingers party, had sex with my gf's friend in the tub, gf walked up on us and flipped out.
 had diarrhea, made a butt-plug joke in front of the whole school, will never be able to do morning announcements ever again. fml.
 i pantsed my friend in front of the mail carrier, went back to his house and showed his little sister my dick and balls. now her parents have to give her a special talk, and i'm always going to be awkward around that family because of my stupid prank.
 i dislocated my shoulder while trying to open my car door after my mom closed it in fear of my battery dying. now i can't afford to live with my mom.
 went for a fart on a double-decker bus, ended up shitting all over my boxers and then waiting for an hour to throw them away.
 tried to show off a dunk, broke both wrists, college swim season starts in 2 weeks, date with girl i have feelings for, broken wrists, college swim season starts in 2 weeks, date with girl i have feelings for, broken wrists, college swim season starts in 2 weeks.
 i filmed my girlfriend and i having sex when i was 17, and it was posted on an incest site as a brother and sister getting it on.
 ate somedoritos locos tacos, let my dog sleep with me, he ate dog shit, shit all over my face and in my hair.
 went on r/nsfw at work and guess what happens twenty minutes later... all of reddit got blocked. the rest of the day was bland and uninteresting.
 got up to stretch with my girlfriend, she pulled me to the bed, archer said \that erection is really inappropriate\ right as my girlfriend reaches down there.
 i took a picture of my sister and her friends in their bikinis, forgot to lock the door as i was whacking it, and my sister saw everything.
 my eight year old son shat his pants in the car, causing us to get stuck in traffic and have to endure the worst stink of my life.
 i didn't look like a creeper by smiling back at a hispanic mother while she was shepherding her young son, but i was caught so off guard by the eye fucking that i would've ran over to her and gotten her number or something, but i saw the hyper kid and i hesitated. she parked her car at the other end of where i park mine (5 rows away) so i was trying to not look like a creeper and see where she parked and i thought *maybe* i could drive up and chat with her. by the time i got there the car i thought she was in was
 went to buy something, couldn't find my bank card. i have my id and my applebee's gift card but no bank card. i thought \well i must have left it at home, no biggie.\ so i get home and can't find my card.
 she's not pregnant. she took two tests and she's not pregnant. i'm using a different account because i forgot the password to my last throw away.
 i left a dirty cast iron pan in the oven for a few days and forgot about it until i got home from work and showed off my new dish brush.
 i sleep walked this morning and ended up with dried blood all over my face, a gash in my eyebrow, and half the people i talk to think i'm possessed.
 don't spank your balls when you're drunk, or you'll end up with a swollen bollock. also, don't spank your balls when you're drunk, or you'll end up with a swollen bollock.
 i didn't tell the contractor that the building was in the wrong spot. they spent two days digging and putting in footings and now it is in the wrong place, so they have to start over.
 i fucked up by watching two episodes of a cancelled tv show and now i have another tv show that i will mourn after. i'm an idiot.
 i sent the wrong login details to some users and then tried to fix the problem with only my phone at hand. i'm a dumbass.
 distracted the driver, almost causing a head on collision, but they never honked or swerved. i don't think they noticed. i don't think they noticed.
 left my front door open for 5 minutes, got my nintendo ds and pokemon white stolen, and my new copy of madden 25 stolen as well.
 i was drunk, slipped on blood, vomited, and now have a scar on my lip that makes it look like i have a vasectomy.
 i ate some demonic guacamole, which caused my mouth to burn, which caused me to brush my teeth and use mouthwash, which caused my mouth to burn, which caused me to wash my mouth.
 i was fapping, shoved a mechanical friend into my shlong, spent 25 mins trying to get it out, had to go to the er.
 gf and i sneaked into a classroom, had sexy-times, janitor walks in, we leave, dean asks us to help him file paperwork.
 gave my cat wet food, she threw up, i pushed her off of the bed with my foot, she threw up all over me, now my room smells like chicken and salmon dinner in gravy mixed with pine needles.
 i kicked a weeaboo girl in the balls. she swore at me and called me a baka gaijin in japanese. i got a penalty.
 left wine glass on dresser the night before, got out of work an hour earlier than usual, cranked up the volume to pass the time, dresser vibrated enough to move the wine glass over the edge and shatter on the floor. now the mini bar has one empty spot and it won't stop mocking me every time i walk in and glance at it.
 logged in to my trading account through a major online trade company and sold 10,000 shares of stock. now i own -50,000 shares at -$131,000... and while i have $160,000 in cash in my account, the stock ended up going higher after i sold it so according to them i've lost $3,500...
 i slept with my gf's best friend. she just broke up with her boyfriend of 2 years. i'm in a relationship. what are my options?
 i asked my cousin's husband if a picture of his dead father was on a shelf in the kitchen and he said it was a picture of his mother.
 i shit on my floor and didn't properly dispose of it, and now i have a shit bottle full of shit that i can't throw away until wednesday.
 got drunk at my boyfriend's friends' house, didn't have any plans for the next day and ended up being the only girl at the party.
 asked a girl for a kiss before we left, she told me that i'm not looking for a relationship and i should make it clear that i'm not looking for a relationship.
 my parents forced me to get my hair cut and now i look like a fifth grade white nerdy kid. i'm not wearing a suit and tie.
 i suck and this is why i shouldn't talk to people or extend my neck. now i have to cancel and i can't talk to people or extend my neck.
 went for a boat ride with my father, aunt, and i, dropped anchor behind all of the moored boats, didn't anchor the boat over there, boat drifted away, had to get it back.
 my car is a pontiac sunfire.. with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting subframe.. my car is a pontiac sunfire.. with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting subframe.. my car is a pontiac sunfire.. with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting subframe.. my car is a pontiac sunfire.. with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting subframe.. my car is a pontiac sunfire.. with balled tires, no brakes, and a rotting
 i told my gf that she's average and that i love her because she has an amazing personality. her littlest brother found out and asked me to go with him to get food.
 i tore my frenulum while doing a hokey pokey with my girlfriend and i felt like i was going to pass out from the pain.
 i sneezed, lightbulb exploded and hot glass flew everywhere. i rolled off my bed in to the glass. i'm not sure what caused it to explode but, being startled i rolled off my bed in to the glass. i'm not sure what caused it to explode but, being startled i rolled off my bed in to the glass. i'm not sure what caused it to explode but, being startled i rolled off my bed in to the glass. i'm not sure what caused it to explode but, being startled i rolled off my bed in to the glass.
 forgot to take laxatives, shart twice in two hours, five hours of exams and a new anus in the morning and a second shart in the afternoon.
 i fucked up by telling my best friend that i am in love with my baby-momma's ex girlfriend and he is not happy about it.
 tried to remove a staple from a cork board and ended up destroying the wall and denting the fridge. i'm a fucking dumbass.
 tried to take a piss and shit at the same time. had to run five meters from my front door to keep it from getting out of my asshole.
 tried to climb a rope swing, ended up sliding all the way back down and breaking my arm. fuck me, i'm a dumb fuck.
 chick chick boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom
 i splooshed my knee in cvs body wash and now my knee hurts for like 15 - 30 minutes every time i try to touch it.
 i tickled a girl that i like in the middle of the cafeteria. she ran out of the cafeteria in tears and diarrhea running down both of her legs.
 had a practical exam that was supposed to end at 45, sat it with full amount of time and still got 12% of my final mark for the subject.
 went to dc for the first time, forgot the name of the boat, glasses fell off, can't see at all for the rest of the trip.
 naked me fell while getting out of the tanning bed, put her clothes on inside out, forgot her shoes, 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 broke my glasses a few weeks ago, tried to fix them with super glue, ended up ripping off my fingers, and lost my glasses on the train.
 natalie the cat puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee. i don't know if she puked in my coffee
 don't fuck with platonic friends, they fucking fuck with you, and you fucking fucking fuck with them, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with me, and you fucking fuck with
 i trusted a fart and ended up with liquid shit all over my favorite pair of underwear. i'm a dumbass and don't know what to do.
 i didn't work hard enough on the sat i test, and now i'm going to have to take the test again in the fall.**
 snooped my husband's fb account and now i feel like i deserve it for it. i'm a horrible person for that but, the things i read makes my heart break.
 got into a huge argument with my girl friend and she cut in half my beloved battlefield 4 and smashed my limited edition c-3po controller. now i can't get another copy of either game until christmas and can't get the controller ever again.
 didn't masturbate for 10 hours, used herbal conditioner instead of pantene, cum canal exploded, took me half an hour to pee.
 coughed and spit spicy mustard on coworker while eating an egg roll and now he is covered in msg ridden treats. now i feel stupid and he is covered in msg ridden treats.
 cafe mocha tipped. blacked out. fuck me, right? fuck me, right? fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck me, fuck
 let loose a mini-nuke of fart-poop, engulfing my shower handle in a thick coating of liquid molten shit. still deciding what to do.
 i got mad at my daughter for letting a craiglist scammer..scam her. in reality i was pissed at the scammer not my daughter but unfortunately she (my daughter ) got the brunt of it
 tried to cure my hangover with a donut, ended up with a glob of custard in my beard. i'm a dumbass. i'm an idiot.
 i made a deal not to get serious with a girl i've known for 2 years, she told me she's not ready for a relationship, we do everything a couple does, i invite her back to my house, she says she is going meet a friend, i know that she is hanging out with a guy, i suspect that she is messing around with other guys
 i tried to jump my counter and ended up cracking my back midair. now i'm sitting here in pain and hoping it passes. at least i managed to walk it off like i was fine with the people that were witness to my spectacular feat.
 bought abutterfly trainer, carried it to work, messed with it on break, got pulled over by a cop and told it was illegal because the blade is more than 3 inches.
 i'm a dumbass. took my car instead of going to the bar. my phone is dead, and i can't get to my current location without electronic aid.
 i took a sleeping tablet instead of an adderall because i have to be up early tomorrow. now i can't get a good night's sleep.
 i jumped on a trampoline and locked my leg onto it and now i'm in a lot of pain and i can't do anything for a while.
 i didn't check my boyfriend's name on my grandpa's cell phone and now i can't erase it because i'm an idiot.
 got high, ate meat for the first time in 12 years, sharted for the first time in my life in front of a woman with a stroller.
 i made out with my friend's cousin on a grave and the flag broke in two. i've decided not to pursue this relationship. also i kind of made out with a different girl who i'm not related to.
 tried to shorten my uncle's hair, ended up giving him a number 1 haircut (a 0 will make you bald) and now he looks like he has cancer again.
 don't drink from empty cans if you're sick, they'll give you a big swig and you'll be sick.
 i told a group of teenage boys to shut up. one of them responded by smacking me in the face. i'm not sorry about it.
 don't wear rubber gloves, don't wash your hands with strong soap, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear rubber gloves, don't wear
 i've worked like an absolute dog for the past month and a half and now i've got 34 minutes until i fail two classes i've worked the most on in my college career.
 i used shampoo as lube and now my anus is burning with the heat of one thousand suns. it is now my ultimate wish that prometheus take back this fire of the gods.
 drank coffee before bed, puked in front of toilet, too hyper to sleep, and now i'm sitting in front of the toilet, about to puke.
 put bananas on top of customers shopping bag, he said bananas bruise, i hit him in the face with a banana while saying they do fucking bruise.
 don't fuck with your feet. they'll fuck you up in no time. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck feet. fuck
 i accidentally sent my professor an email saying i was in class today, but i was a few minutes late and missed the sign in sheet. the email was sent from my undergraduate email account.
 i drank my boyfriend's piss thinking it was my morning pills, turns out it was my boyfriend's piss and i drank it in the middle of the night.
 told my english teacher that thomas a becket and the king were butt-buddies and they were. turns out butt buddies is a literal term for gay lovers.
 i made a speech bubble joke about my sister's old friend on my sister's laptop and she and her friend walked in and laughed at it.
 tried online dating for the first time, freaked out a girl by telling her she had a \pretty tounge\ in her profile picture. i'll leave her alone.
 i ate a thai dipping sauce that was made with a jam jar and a shard of glass ended up in my mouth. it was delicious, but you tried to kill me.
 i spilled a cup of water on the table during an interview for a job i've always wanted to work at. i didn't get a high ranking on the interview.
 i went for a wank with the sound on and the cleaning people came in and cleaned my room. now i'm the sorry fuck.
 told my boss i had to beg for mercy from a client with down syndrome. he was so nervous he asked me what i was going to tell him. i replied \he has down syndrome\.
 i snooped through my dad's pictures folder on his phone, and now his girlfriend hates me, and he can't use his phone anymore.
 i forgot to turn off the space heater in the spare bedroom/home gym/dressing room/animal housing room before i went to clean up after my 6 [degus](http://i.imgur.com/jyt0hf8.jpg) (say hi to dactyl!! very cute, but very messy little rascals they are!) i had forgotten 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266 800-381-0266
 [i'll let the image speak for itself.](http://i.imgur.com/a6gpq5h.png)
 i shit in the wrong toilet when i was a kid and my family still thinks i'm a dumbass. i'm still a dumbass.
 i went to walmart for gushers and ended up spilling soda all over a hot girl and her shoes and my shirt. it was one in the fucking morning.
 i'm an idiot who can't afford to go back to school for a degree that could pay more than what i'm making as a teacher.
 i ran into a girl playing indoor hockey in my competitive sports and games class, causing her to get a concussion, and then get hit in the head with a ball while playing kickball.
 ate hot wings, ate hot fap, ate hot fap, ate hot fap, ate hot fap, ate hot fap
 i ate fried fish from a corner store and projectile vomited every thirty minutes for twelve hours. i am now dehydrated and passed the worst of it.
 texted back \battlefield!\ instead of \battlefield!\ to my entire work group, including my boss, when one of them said he wasn't going to be in.
 i said to a fat retarded druggy friend, \maybe if you masterbait and jizz a lot you'll loose weight\ in front of my teacher.
 i used wax removal drops to clear up my ears and now i can't hear shit out of either of my ears and i'm legally deaf.
 i stepped on a piece of trash at work, fell, and farted in front of my coworkers. i didn't even look back, just walked out of the room and down the hall to the restroom where i cowered in shame and contemplated leaving and never coming back.
 chiweenie snuck out behind me while i was rummaging through my car, got hit by a van and then drove off. i'm an idiot.
 opened r/pegging board in class, froze phone, sat in horror as girl next to noticed, pray she didn't read it, or anyone else notice
 i ate a candy bar that was supposed to be fresh and now i have the most awful stomach ache and diarrhea i've ever experienced in my life.
 i rick rolled the entire hospital because i didn't know the new voice intercom system was connected to the overhead speaker above my coworker's computer.
 i bought ze a heavy bag and he broke a couple bones in his hand. it's going to be a while before he's able to work with his hands again.
 fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. fuck ups. f
 accidentally sent an inappropriate message to a random girl in my office. she thinks i'm a freak/pervert and i'm destroyed by my boss.
 met a girl at work, fell in love with her, she confesses she's had feelings for me since grade school, we start an unofficial relationship.
 i told my girlfriend she loved me, she told me she loved me again, i puked in someone's front yard, and we broke up.
 i fucked up by assuming another guy would do my job and now we are less than a month from the exam day, deployed to the middle of the arabian gulf and have no idea if they can mail the exams in time.
 my oldest sister gave birth to a healthy baby girl about a month ago, and my mother had not yet seen the pictures of her only granddaughter. my mother has a strained relationship with my sister. my sister's marriage left her disowned from her family and forced her to \abandon\ her then-only child-- leaving her in the care of her great-aunt.
 clicked a link in class with no context, saw a woman getting jizzed on, now i'm worried someone will bring it up with the faculty.
 i told my girlfriend i didn't want to go to prom because she'd already gotten her first big, expensive prom dress, and she'd be damned if she wasn't going to show it off.
 told my african art teacher i don't think she knows much about american art. she walked right past me, and i'm pretty sure she heard me.
 - lied and have had actual conversations pretending to be someone in order to manipulate a situation. - stole a friends property. - lied and have had actual conversations pretending to be someone in order to manipulate a situation.
 didn't eat much, went to golden arches, ate 108 pounds of fish, puked all over the place, now i'm sick.
 i went to a friend's house to play texas hold 'em. a year later i went to a bar to meet a girl i had been trying to get with.
 didn't wear full-butt underwear, period sharted all over my pants, had to give a presentation, and had to go to another class with poopy pants.
 virus attaches naruto hentai photos to my mom's email, mom finds 50 explicit images of the shame of my nightmares, dad thinks it was me.
 i ate my girlfriend's gravy too fast and it turned out to be bad. i confronted her about it and she laughed like a bitch.
 i think submissions should be submitted as links to pictures of text containing the story so that the fuck ups who entertain us here get something back. i think its sad that people here don't get karma for their stories and while this does filter out the karma whoring frauds the people submitting the content aren't get rewarded. i think its sad that people here don't get karma for their stories and while this does filter out the karma whoring frauds the people submitting the content aren't get rewarded. i think submissions should be submitted as links to pictures of text containing the story so that the fuck
 my husband and i demolished our bathroom, left the window open to let out the dust, and my neighbors heard my sexy times for a week straight.
 tried to play on my little brother's april fool's day prank, ended up soaking him in water and making him bleed to the bone.**
 spilled beer all over a little girl's head at a college basketball game. i'm a dick and i'm too scared to go back.
 told a girl i had a crush on in 6th grade that i didn't have a facebook, and she didn't even have a facebook.
 they escaped and now i'm going to get in trouble oh no they escaped and now i'm going to get in trouble oh no they escaped and now i'm going to get in trouble oh no
 drove through a puddle of putrid, rotten-ass, sewer food waste shit water concoction because all of the sudden, all of the vents in my car started spewing this vile, rancid stench that literally almost made me puke.
 held my shit on the bus, smelled like shit, went to daycare with shit covered pants, my father beat my ass while i was covered in shit.
 Unknown error},
 coffee leaked on me while i was waiting for the light to turn green and i had to wait for a long time for the light to turn green again.
 i laughed at a girl's face while she was trying to walk in a straight line while simultaneously staring at a bunch of scary high schoolers. it sounded like i was laughing at how many casualties we had in wwii.*
 don't drink, don't dry heave, don't gag, don't drink, don't dry heave, don't gag, don't dry heave, don't gag, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave, don't dry heave
 boss's boss angry over recent influx of wrecks. job is on the line. (according to my boss i'll probably lose it.) best part getting married in 53 days and my fiance and i are paying for our wedding.
 i confronted a black kid about a fake $50 bill and he threatened to kill me if i didn't give him my money back or he would call security.
 i gave my boyfriend a blowjob and he cupped himself and said \you bitch!\ as he tried to zip up properly. didn't get caught.
 it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it fucking hurt! it
 i tried to play with a razor blade and ended up cutting off a piece of my finger and a piece of the nail bed and now my finger is fucked up.
 i ate 4 boxes of oreos, shat myself, threw down my pants, and shat my friends bag on the roof of a parking garage.
 squatted while peeing, piss water splashed me in the eye and i'm pretty sure i'm going to have to get a new eye liner.
 co-worker left a water sourced a/c unit running for a couple days and flooded the place costing the owner a couple thousand dollars. after the clean up we found a pvc fitting to the water sourced a/c unit that me and my boss put together wasnt glued properly and broke loose and poured out water for nearly 2 days.
 i accidentally said \rape is good\ to a girl who was raped as a child and she got very upset and punched my friend in the mouth.
 i sent a guy a text asking when he was in boston. he said he was in boston. now i feel like an asshole.
 i let my dog sleep in my room and she suckled my nipple when i went to sleep. i'm not sure if i should have let her sleep in my room or not.
 shoved a toothbrush up my friend's ass , threw up the next morning and puked on my clothes in the doorway of my 150 student class
 don't be a dumbass and don't read the title. it's just a dumbass who doesn't know what's going on.
 i washed my hair with soap and water and it dripped down my stomach and burned like hell. now i have to pee and i'm holding it.
 i told a guy how to copy and paste, got kicked out of the school and my best mate laughed so hard he dropped the phone and said: \hah! youre fucked!\
 i'm lactose intolerant and drank 6 gallons of milk thinking it would help me gain weight and get buff. i've taken 9 shits in the last 2 hours.
 http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-vn0qyswcea&feature=youtu.be .. at 1:23 for the actual action of the video
 i ate a container of chocolate ice cream and proceeded to spend the next 20 minutes shitting the contents of my bowels throughout the week into the single staff toilet.
 i scored an equalizer in fifa 2, tackled my gaming partner and broke the xbox, leaving us with 3 cases of beer and a blank tv to stare at.
 went to the dentist in basketball shorts thinking nothing of it. dirty thought for half a second. dentist probably noticed. i'm not sure if she noticed or not.
 i sent my gf sex toys, she opened them, her mother walked in on me and her topless gf, and now she hates me.
 i used a shovel as a pry bar and almost cut my finger off trying to catch a huge piece of concrete board that came crashing down on my finger.
 ate a schnitzel-sandwich, pooped, puked, shaved bullocks, unclogged drain, bled, told reddit how bad i felt.
 i drank 16oz of bile from my coffee thermos while driving home from work, then vomited in my nasal cavity the rest of the way home.
 i told my friend to clean up his hookah pipe and now my mom wants me out of the house and i'm scared i'm going to get thrown out.
 my coworker told me his great grandpa was hung when he was 8 years old and i thought he was making a really weird grandpa dick joke, smiled and let out an awkward courtesy \haa.\ he looked at me a little weird and then told me how his great grandpa was almost murdered by some stranger when he was 8 but was saved last minute.
 http://imgur.com/6pzby3r next time i'll read the packaging before i attempt to cook it. http://imgur.com/6pzby3r
 i peed all over a baby changing station because i was curious while taking a pee, and the baby changing station automatically lowered the toilet seat lid when i pushed it back up.
 tifu by leaving behind my favorite electronic gaget, my red 3ds xl with zagg protective stickies on the outside in the seat pocket on a passenger jet.
 i back out straight and hit my mirror on the garage door frame. the garage is fine, the mirror is not. my husband and i work together, so word got around work pretty fast. i had people asking me about it as they walked by. luckily i have a sense of humor about things, more so than my husband.
 offered my black co-worker a coffee with the word 'face' in the title, which is a racist way of saying 'tea-face'.
 rip papa... :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :( :(
 i left the doggy gate open, my dog got out and ate my garbage, my mom's garbage, and her boyfriend's semen.
 fell asleep behind the wheel of my mom's car, totalled it, and sent myself to the hospital, for several lacerations and bruising.**
 i had one of the greatest orgasms of my life and ended up with a nasty brown smudge on my hip from my fiance's fingers.
 i invited a stranger into my car and then dropped him off in a bad neighborhood, where he then went into a corner store to get lottery tickets. i wasted my time and money on something completely dumb and life threatening.
 i told a woman it looked like her prosthetic hand hurt because i thought it was a break in her forearm, but it was actually a prosthetic forearm and hand.
 i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an asshole. i'm an ass
 ** i burned my lip and nose with a hot chili pepper while browsing reddit while my food was still on the stove and my mustache was still on the table.
 took my brother to walmart to buy the marshall mathers lp 2 deluxe edition. he bought the \clean version\ and now thinks they wont take returns.
 went to my boyfriend's house to have sexy times, ended up in his closet having a heart attack that his parents were going to walk in.
 met a kid on grindr, he lied about his age on the app, and i'm fucked if the da decides not to press charges.**
 got too drunk, kissed a girl, got her tits out on my lap on a bus, got caught by a bus full of people and got to watch my city go by.
 i wiped my crotch and thighs with e-z-wipes and it's so bad i can't feel my ass for a week.
 made a joke about the mayor of toronto being too fat to be a crackhead to the receptionist at the vet clinic. turns out she's way too fat to be a crackhead.
 didn't copy my own answer on an exam, lost 10% of the grade. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. fuck me. f
 don't press two buttons at the same time. you'll end up with an extra hour of sleep and an extra hour of daylight savings time.
 i accidentally grabbed a girl's tits in front of my whole class in 3rd period math, and now i'm probably going to hell.
 i got fired from my job for using my brother's middle name instead of my full name. three rich clients leave the firm and take their network and business with them.
 talked about how i looked like a stalker and a rapist because of how a girl who was in the lift with me alone the day before was staring at me as if i were going to do unspeakable things to her.
 i took off my work shirt in front of my entire group of male coworkers as well as a bunch of customers and now they think i'm an asshole.