"forgetting to pull my underwear down before i pooped.
gender-stereotyping
drinking a beer
telling my dad that i love him.
how hard can you fail at something?
i was deveeted...
giving money to a \"homeless\" man
taking off my shirt
pushing the wrong button.
wanting a pepperminty bath.
assuming there would be no costco shopping this weekend
stabbing myself in the leg with a knife.
having a spliff in the bath.
uploaded the wrong pics on facebook
coughing into a girls vagina while going down on her. i effectively blew a raspberry into her pussy.
taking a joke too far and now i'm really scared
peeing in the sink.
fucking my gf in the woods. nsfw]
resubmitting this with the proper title this time. hope you can forgive me
trying to microwave french fries
tearing through a friend's fence and nearly killing myself
being forgetful.
talking back to my father
petting a cow.
selling out my son
with a picture of a seal
chatting to my future father in law, made it sound like i was getting in shape to properly decimate his firstborn daughter on our wedding night.
coughing so hard i shat my self
forgetting i had 3 cats.
no showing work
sitting down.
killing my car battery with coca-cola.
searching midget porn
clogging my boyfriends toilet and thinking it would be a good idea to empty it. out the front of his house.
playing hero after giving blood
girl gave me head, i thought i came...i was wrong!slightly nsfw?]
ejaculating on my carpet
laughing at the wrong time
masturbating so hard i chipped a tooth.
wearing a shirt without unbuttoning it first
a little trend i've been noticing on tifu...
making a horribly inappropiate joke
locking myself out and thinking i just had gas
peeing with a chubby
sleeping with a girl other than the girl i like
sitting in my friend's lap...
browsing tifu
fingering a girl.
my landlord did a surprise inspection when i was out of town.
having a really loud fart during a remembrance day assembly
prematurely formatting my hard drive.
playing catch with some friends, now i have pink eye.
not closing the door.
making breakfast
helping someone pick something up
smoking weed
asking for the truth from someone i would have been in a loving relationship with
being an insensitive idiot in an email i can't get back.
kissing a girl and embarrasing the the shit out of myself.
showing my mom tumblr
testing a speaker.
drinking piss dribbles
telling the truth and now my whole world is falling apart.
forgetting girl's number in locker over spring break.
going to starbucks.
accidentally letting my 14 year old brother see my sexts
my phone, and my computer.
my cat is going to be the end of me
now down is jealous.
watching my little cousin use my mom's ipad. possibly nsfw]
trying to jump over a wall...
sharting on my boyfriend
swallowing a pill wrong.
letting my crush use my tablet during band practice
inadvertently turning down a kiss from a very attractive coworker.
having a terrible choice in mustache at the wrong time...
using tick repellent directry on my skin
not sharing the chocolate milk...
i found a wallet...
eating molding bread
forgetting mothers day
jumping down a load of stairs and landing on my dog.
taking pictures of my piss in an alley.
walking into the women's bathroom.
coughing while driving
telling a girl i hope she burns herself.
at the atm
cussing in front of 3 teachers...
during sexy times
of my thumb
getting in a fight with a whiskey bottle at work. the whiskey bottle won.
accidentally bringing up the death of my coaches son.
not renewing my vision coverage jan 1.
failing the jersey turnpike
it looks like i do iv drugs
chasing a ping-pong ball.
trying to help an elderly man use ie on windows 8
trimming around my ears....
jumping from a moving vehicle.
falling asleep with really kinky interactive porn on my computer screen
overreacting to winning.
forcing a shart.
almost stealing someone else's van
not updating the fuotw in over a month (mod post)
so i emailed my taxes info to a stranger. reddit what should i do?
not clipping my toenails
not having proper names for the numbers in my phone
pissing off my childhood hero!
mixing taco bell and arby's in one day
showing my girlfriend my gay porn.
hitting on my burrito girl
getting in a car accident.
going to the gym
not backing up my data
losing the company i work for $28k usd..
not submitting my college application sooner.
getting over the flu? indian food isn't the best idea.
taking laxatives while drunk, before a cross-country flight.
i feel like the creepy guy. just found this subreddit and figured it's the right place.
nearly putting myself and my parents into bankruptcy
dad let me drive his diesel and i filled up the tank with normal gas and fried his engine. he's giving me the silent treatment.
at shaving pussy.
falling asleep at work and shitting myself
putting 'headsooth' on my balls
learning that my local police force do indeed do their jobs.
sending a girl her own bikini pic
using a lock on my locker at the gym.
the drunk decision to go home
not knowing the parameters of my webcam
accidentally sending a link of nude photos to a friend
sent this link to someone in a courtship and marriage class...
laughing in class
not being in debt.
flicking my bean at work.
loudly yelling a racial epithet while killing a spider.
sleeping with an old fling
dropping a lighter in the top loaded lint catcher of my dryer.
trusting a fart.
wrapping batteries in aluminum foil.
seriously over-did it in zante.
believing my last final paper was due tomorrow.
drinking my piss
getting drunk
drinking coffee
finals freshman style
losing that small piece of paper
watching porn at my grandmother's house
purchasing a large, double ended, black dildo
spilling tea all over my final exam.
kissing my coworker
trying to defend myself.
letting my dog pee on another dog's face.
nofap (not masturbating) before going on a date.
keeping my stupid mouth shut
getting hit by a bus
hooking up with my mate's girlfriend.
drunkenly threatening my ex...........
a new hire started in my department.
leaving an entire 15 inch pizza on my kitchen counter three days after putting my dog on a diet.
making soda
giving my professor a usb drive containing 'horse porn'
getting arrested for graffiti
i missed my kid's bus drop off after school
leaving my bathroom door open while a cat was inside, ended up pissing all over a cat. bathroom is a mess.
flipping my boner up in my shorts at my girlfriends.
sleeping in
losing my passport, missing my flight, then leaving my iphone in a taxi in birmingham.
trying to be encouraging to a teenage girl
speaking without thinking
continuation of falling asleep on girls shoulder and drooling
letting someone drink and drive
being a part of a convoy
parking the work van.
not telling my doctor the whole story
taking a screenshot of a snapchat
going outside
assuming by boyfriend and i were alone
shitting myself whilst running
falling asleep...
not using three bands
house-sitting at my sisters.
trying to send nude pics to the gf
telling my dad \"fuck you\"
pooping in the woods for the first time.
alcohol intoxication.
having my ringtone as taylor swift
going to the bathroom
clorox in my butthole
recognizing ron jeremy
ordering a chest binder. shit.
playing music at work.
fucking my best friend's ex
losing one of the diamonds on my wedding band.
assuming i was home alone.
not knowing the difference between needing to poop and needing to throw up.
doing the wrong thing in the right place.
ironing my cock
not buying whiskey at the store when i was there
getting rotten robin egg juices on my hand.
getting a friend fired from work. at least it was due to her own actions, but still.
being in a crowded bus
peeing in a gatorade bottle.
getting caught with gf.
showing my two friends and coworkers my thigh tattoo in the bathroom at work.
complaining about an autistic boy at christmas eve
trying to run back up on escalators.
not listening to advice
punching my sister in the face.
telling my interviewees that i did drugs.
tifu... a lot
accidentally texting the most attractive girl at my school \"prepare your anus.\" then got a noise disturbance citation from the police.
sleeping behind the wheel fucks me up multiple times...
bombing an exam and then missing the 10% extra credit quiz too
accidentally being anti-semitic
listening to porn
taking a test in the wrong section at the wrong time
trusting a fart while i was at work
using a towel that had icy hot on it....
bricking my last good phone.
being high and foreign.
having a three way and tearing my ass up
not closing my horrible, disgusting porn before going to bed last night
reading tifu at work
several times and the day is only half way over.
misreading the parameters to a simulation, potentially wasting hundreds of computing hours.
attempting to change the \"w\" toner for the new printer at work.
getting black out drunk and biting my wife.
closing out the bank account that i had scheduled my tax returns to direct deposit into...
breathing in dichloromethane at my research lab.
letting my jar of fresh acid shit get exposed in front of 20 other people in public
knowing that lube contains glycerin
asking a girl if she was wearing panties in front of my class...
socially awkward interaction with a blind girl
not locking the door to the bathroom
misjudging my priorities
throwing away 40 dollars
using public transport.
tifu
doing a zombie impression in the most inappropriate situation imaginable
sitting in a shower.
jokingly proposing marriage to my best friend.
using my sister's library account for ebooks\u2026
getting drunk and stealing money from a party.
driving my car into a pole
swallowing a half dollar...
not checking if the bag that came down my belt actually went into my trailer or not. (i work at ups)
getting drunk
now my family thinks i'm a kinky lesbian weeaboo. (nsfw)
leaving an unattended candle around my 4 year old
i met this beautiful girl with an awesome personality
after a party and woke up in my old apartment
getting caught wanking by my housemate
falling over in thailand
missing an exam worth 50% of the module.
going to the library.
signing my crush's yearbook and leaving a note in her locker.
and i might fail this term of college
experimenting and exploding a glass bottle inside my ass
having sex with the front door open.
baking shirtless
tifu... my sister discovered my cup o' jizz in the fridge
writing a tifu post
taking my girlfriend to the supermarket
getting bacon grease in the cut on my finger.
smoking weed at the mall where i work
accidentally proposing to my speech teacher
showing my mom r/spacedicks
sending an email about a person, to that person
fingering my girlfriend with her parents home.
adding commentary.
discussing fantasies with my girlfriend nsfw]
trying to wax excess hair in inaccessible places.
breaking my friend's 3ds whilst playing mario kart 7.
writing jokes in a spiral.
while drunk.
just now when i lent my roomate my car
thinking i had to urinate, and in turn spraying liquid diarrhea all over, just in time for an elderly man to walk into it.
not paying attention
going to wendy's
walking around the house
having a smoke while my dad was out.
not paying attention to the announcements in the train
not loosening my sneaker
texting my drug dealer
enjoying a few minutes outside alone at 3am, or so i thought
by..i don't know how to explain this really...just open the text
spilling sweet tea everywhere and shutting off the main water valve.
house sitting and locking the keys in her house and my weed on her table
frying the inside of my mouth
smoking on a windy day
filling in the the answers of one test in another test.
pooping in a toilet
getting '7 fractured ribs'
being a dumb shit and overloading on poop facilitators
reading r/imgoingtohellforthis in the middle of class.
taking a vyvance
dropping a tampon
losing the tp
going to play practice
cooking my hotdog.
having envy
answering a rhetorical question from my grandpa
giving myself herpes
getting out the \"man tools\" and attempting to fix my gf's iphone screen in the urge to gain brownie points
i left my wallet at the house of a sado-masichist.
dumping a tray of ice-waters on a beautiful woman at work
falling in an open grave
falling out of a moving vehicle. while vomiting.
misinterpreting an invitation to a dance by a girl and saying yes to the invitation carrier, her dog.
spending an hour on reddit in my english 101
calling overweight woman pregnant
walking in the wrong bathroom...
deciding to bike to work.
doing a taste test
the most amazing girl
ordering a whole pizza for myself after hitting up the gym for the first time.
decided to remove my own ingrown toenail.
forgot my gloves in negative 40 weather
held onto jalapeno peppers for too long
opening a bottle of super glue with my mouth.
eating tacobell before swing dancing
almost blowing up my bathroom and burning myself.
microwaving a potato.
almost sending a very naughty photo to my mother via text.
\"checking out\" a high school girl
washing a pillow.
my job applications
tifu< i spent $1,000 breaking up with my gf moving her into her own house>
drinking from an unmarked bottle
trying to spank one out while my brother is home high and talking to my grandmother with no pants on
febreze-ing my dick
getting too drunk
purchasing balloons.
i opened the wrong end of the curry container while making dinner.
tearing my penis and bleeding all over my bathroom
almost setting my apartment on fire.
streaming a series of naked pictures of myself to my older brother's tv. nsfw
locking my keys in my car... while it was running.
turning down the brightness on my laptop.
being clumsy near water and fire.
holding in a lot of small farts to make a big one.
inventing a drinking game called \"the snorkel\"
pissing all over my kitchen
sort of/almost setting my high school on fire.
well now i'm in pain anyway....
laughing when a baby fell out a high chair in public
reading my so's post history
with the help of creedence clearwater revival
killing a baby bird with my lawnmower
deleting my entire hard drive.
having sex after getting pepper sprayed.
leaving my school the quick way
playing words with friends
killing a mallard.
for opening my god dam mouth
making a joke with my friends
breaking my brand new uninsured samsung galaxy s3
giving a high five to a girl in a wheelchair.
making my friend shit herself.
sending an inappropriate text to my boss immediately following a promotion.
during midterms
ordering fencing gear from amazon.
in chemistry class
not hearing well
bullying a cripple
getting drunk at a super religious wedding
pooping in my hand at the office
fapping
reversing my car out of the garage
having sex.
throwing a tennis ball at my friend
clicked the wrong email address for a confession that i immediately regretted the next morning
illegally downloading porn. fuck.
going on a new amusement ride.
putting ear wax dissolvent in one of my eyes
getting my boss in trouble with the people who write both out paychecks
helping/crashing an elderly man on his electric mobility scooter
going on a date with a girl my best friend was interested in.
being early
starting smoking again
not being ambidextrous
tried to gas the fleas, almost gassed the cat.
talking to a girl
making a terrorist threat
cutting off my daughter's gerbil's penis when i was trying to chop up ham.
on my first day at work
my army career.
eating popcorn
throwing up in my friend's mouth.
buying weed from a dispensary.
driving away from a drive through.
drinking a glass of water, and using it to pressure wash my house with orange fluid.
lying at work about owning a video game.
celebrating my health risk assessment with 2 panchero's burritos
papercutting my eye
not closing my porn pop-ups.
drunk face timing.
telling my ex gf that i love her
getting suspended after 11 years of never getting in trouble.
almost getting electrocuted at work and dying.
\"why is my car traveling across traffic while i'm getting coffee\"?
hitting a dumpster with my car.
shitting on the floor of the bathroom of a hospital
getting my car serviced
getting drink and jumping in the lake with $200 glasses on.
ordering a burger in the restaurant, instead of my usual gammon and chips.
shitting myself for no good reason at all.
leaving pepsi in the freezer for a few hours.
shaving my balls.
falling asleep in spanish
clicking \"don't save\".
dunking my phone in piss.
telling a girl that her tights were see through.
being not careful with clothing dye.
hitting a barn.
putting my resume on careerbuilder.com
making my teacher think i'm a lesbian
looking for a jigsaw blade with my hand stuck in a piece of mdf instead of having a look. was kind of inevitable really.
not tightening my bolts well enough on my bike
dancing at homecoming
causing non-accepted students to receive acceptance calls
trying to sit down.
masturbating.
letting paypal auto fill my info
getting drunk on a plane
didn't leave a half finished bottle of wine at a friend's place.
tifu
telling the girl i like, that i liked her.
at my grandmas funeral
reaching for a comb...
accidentally erasing the wrong external harddrive
taking photos of a turkish police station
realizing i should kill myself.
fooling around
telling my conservitive father i'm gay.
bringing someone home.
pouring boiling hot tea into a cracked glass container
giving out unwrapped candy (corn) on halloween.
now my vagina is worried
pouring my heart out to my crush while she was drunk...
vomiting over my step dads car.
pissing in my friends parents linen laundry basket while they watched.
drank from the wrong mug
getting completely drunken during new year's eve
shitting myself. during a toast.
so i'm at a friend's new years party
taking an apple for granted
wasting the good surprise on myself.
taking a nighttime piss.
getting dave's insanity sauce in my dick.
trying to get some sun while eating
sleeping with multiple partners and they were all biters.
trying to plan for the future
using google.
not wanting to be late for work.
spamming my complete addressbook with friend requests for an odd social network
playing my homemade porn to my neighbors.
filing a form instead of mailing it
not peeing before a drug test...(kinda gross, sorry men)
cost the blog i write for %67 of its traffic
answering the door
not noticing i was making eye contact
wearing shorts
nair'ed my most delicate area
letting myself get constipated
calling the police to report a gun i found out in the woods.
drinking sunny d.
not learning the first rule of jalapenos
thinking that a loaded bb gun was empty.
getting nostalgic.
offering to turn off the lights
ordering a graphics card, with cats, and time management.
having a baking \"competition\".
changing my top in a closet where my 16 year old nephew was hiding.
activating explore by touch
laughing after the teacher saying girls are getting stoned in afghanistan
printing nudes on the printer at work
i spilt molten metal all over my (parents) kitchen
by trying to teach my nephew how to use a yoyo
getting drunk on thanksgiving
totally spacing and forgetting to take a exam.
trusting a three year old with my hamster.
leading my gf on about seeing her family on thanksgiving
not showing up to work
locking myself out
crashing my moms new cadillac
singing along
setting my oven for 45 minutes, and the gay rights movement back 50 years.
taking my friend's security card to get into a locked building on campus, and then setting off the fire alarm.
accidentally cutting off part of my scrotum with a pair of scissors. nsfw]
taking a gemini scanner to the face
everything.
deleting my final draft 2 minutes before it was due.
going to my 9:30 lab
pissing off a friend of my boyfriend's family
wearing clothing drenched in cat piss.
shitting my pants,
sharting on my hotel sheets
eating moldy bread
hitting a baby in the face with my suitcase.
in front of an attractive stranger.
taking a bath
not bringing enough change to the carwash.
telling my friend he wanted to be the filler in a hobo sandwich.
last night my friend fucked up while fucking his girl
accidentaly yelling at a cop.
yawning while applying aftershave.
dying my hair.
hiding an eviltron in my co-workers laptop bag.
accidentally being racist
making my roommate's 84 year old grandmother cry.
almost burning my house down.
losing my sunglasses
now i'm stuck in my girlfriends closet help]
making a coffee
confusing preparation h for toothpaste.
getting wasted and puking all over myself
shitting my pants and then a cop shows up
fapping to a picture of a young girl.
i found my husband's porn stash.
trying to hotswap a sata drive and now my computer won't turn on.
having a hangover.
spilled my entire cup of coffee on my macbook pro. it's completely dead.
making my girlfriend cry.
put the stretchy sheet in with a full load o' laundry
allowing my brother to have a party, and smoking in my parents car while they were out of town
riding my longboard without shoes
forgetting to remove a coding joke
missing my girlfriend's birthday dinner
spilling koolaid on my laptop
turning 4chan into real life
quitting my job in the heat of the moment
a woman and subsequently robbed.
being drunk
trying to light a cigarette
showing the /r/spacedicks banner on the tv in the living room.
leavin' the torlet seat down.
accidentally smoking a big bag of weed.
insinuating i was about to sexually assault a girl.
saying porn instead of corn
slicing my hoof with a knife. twice.
farting.
letting the neighbor kids see me naked
drinking soda while on /r/adviceanimals
shutting my claustrophobic friend in a cupboard.
because i'm a candy addict and i tried to score on the cheap.
handing in random crap to my professor
breaking the toilet with my new dildo.
leaving my ipod out where the dog could get it.
misjudging the force of ejaculate.
almost shitting my pants at the gym.
farting in the shower
punching my friend's cat
smacking into a window
watching a youtube video without checking the title.
reading along with a friend with the wrong book, for over a week.
not bringing my supplies
new job last week. said the wrong thing to a \"customer\" today.
having stagefright in the bathroom
accidentally mooning my boss.
gettings involved in a fight then getting beat up in front of everyone
revealing my kindergarten teacher's tattoos
sleeping 10 hours instead of 2.
shit on my hat.
trusting a fart at a football game.
getting high
forgetting i used my crock pot.
getting a speeding ticket
eating an entire brick of cheese in one day
accidentally posting my soon to be ex-girlfriends number on /r/teenagers
trying to stick my navel in the shower handle
spamming everyone
not going to the doctor.
trying to look cool in front of my girlfriend
making my coworkers think i stuffed
telling off the professor before submitting my final project
putting on a hoodie with the hanger still in it.
i packed the mop up 3 days before we moved out.
with duck fat
taking my friends water bottle.
texting my friend
making brownies
openly berating a deaf man.
tifu..... just reset the counter.
reaching under the duvet with morning glory
taking 72mg of concerta after a night of heavy drinking.
picking up my friend's little sister
telling a coworker i noticed he was attracted to me as a joke.
losing my wife's engagement ring
(well, a few years ago) and went on a date when i shouldn't have
trying to get on my teacher's good side
locking myself between two glass doors at work.
getting to high and ignoring the face that i had to pee.
accidentally mailing my conservative christian father sexual paraphernalia.
woke up in a pile of my own vomit, feces, and blood.
almost cutting off my finger
(apparently) falling asleep with the water running
stealing someone's drink.
eating an apple.
making a suicide joke at a kid who committed suicide's funeral...
the fuck with the cheesecake
losing my bike and my cellphone over the course of one weird day.
eating burger king.
wiping diarrhea off my hand during a hike with my girlfriend and her mom
talking to a dying cancer patient
sleepwalking
using the urinal
accidentally taking a road trip to maine.
having an accidental orgasm while shaving my legs.
leaving a \"wing-mark\" of my morning wetness on my parent's kitchen chair cushion
asking my boss to vine me her titties.
hooking up with my wife's friend, and getting a testicle smashed for it.
trying to pick a desk lock with a paperclip.
i substituted hydraulic fluid for brake fluid
slapping an asian lady on the bus, in the face with my boner.
adding a disclaimer to my story!
dropping a deuce in one of the houses i manage
downloading the new ios7
not drinking enough water
caused nasal trauma
telling my teacher to watch a movie
saying to a woman \"why do women fucking do this?\"
thinking with my dick.
going swimming.
watching porn
accidentally showing my black abyss to a girl
accidentlly tagging a friend in another friends(only spoke to them a couple times) picture
swearing at my roommate's cat
telling my friend i love her
asking a girl, \"are you okay?\"
with cum shot over roommate's stuff
told my literature ta that i was illiterate
yelling at an empty car
big time
googling a phobia
while babysitting
giving bailey's chocolate to a muslim
looking up reddit at work.
listening to music.
telling a jewish man a is for auschwitz
setting my penis ablaze inside my girlfriend.
trying to raise awareness of bullying in my school.
masturbating in an unmade bed
wanting to have sex at 14 before i hit puberty
talking about poop
stealing from work
shaving my head
taking nude pics and letting dropbox save them to all my devices and then my friends saw them...
misspeaking and suggesting a high school girl was well-endowed
poop covered keys
holding it in on a road trip.
setting fire to my hair, beard and face.
taking my ritalin pill instead of of my birth control... at 10 pm.
about the sidebar.
i got shitfaced in front of a romantic interest and basically ruined my chance
showing 3d porn to my family.
going to the potty
inadvertently insulting a friend.
clicking a link to \"unpublished penthouse pets\"
killing a mosquito
teasing my cat who gnawed and clawed my arm
having an incredibly erotic dream...
being my nerdy self.
trying to avoid a fight with my friend.
looking at porn with my tablet
drinking at least half a gallon of milk before a meet (maybe nsfw)
buying crack and getting chased by the cops
accidentally making an old lady miss her train
dreaming about eating chicken wings and drooling all over my pillow this morning..
after i came to know my mom is a chick with a dick .
thinking i'd have enough time to use the restroom before a pizza is delivered to my house
from both ends of my body. but i also joined the reddit family in full.
skin tags on gooch + dental floss
cost myself most of my spending money for the month because i have a shitty attention span.
teaching a simple concept in an extraordinarily convoluted way
feeding my baby raisins
ruined my inlaw's toaster oven.
two desserts.
on the military
telling an acquaintance he lived in a slave house.
losing a set of keys
opening my mouth in the restroom.
made a mess in my friend\u2019s backhouse.
this fake italian designer and knockoff jackets.
my best friend's love life
almost having an at fault accident with an on call ambulance.
almost blowing myself up using compressed air before lighting a pilot light.
tv screen cleaning
was catching up with an old friend - night ended with him in the back of a cop car. (2 days ago)
trying to nofap
spilling a customer's drink on her in the drive thru.
volunteering to make a casserole.
eating two big macs and having 3 cups of coffee in a two hour span.
thinking i could clean up my backyard by myself.
trying to give my dog a mohawk
laughing at someone
googling a potential employer's number
saying orgasm on the bus
trying to make healthy eating choices
using irish spring \"electrify\"
shocking the shit out of my hand until it was numb.
super-gluing my tongue to my teeth.
clicking random
i learned that i have absolutely no idea how to open a bottle of wine.
finding passport information
getting caught for a senior prank.
talking bad about a friend.
calling the wrong number for sony customer service.
stuffing my face full of sour candy
having a panic orgasm
poking a squirrel...
sitting naked on the couch
my whole life up at work.
accidentally ripping the dick off an insect
cooking the skin off my fingers. nsfw nasty dead skin blisters]
getting ice coffee.
thinking \"i can do this\"
going rock climbing.
not checking my business cards.
pissing on my friends shorts.
putting the wrong soap in the dishwasher.
letting my mom use my computer and now she thinks i got sexually abused as a child
horribly underestimating how bad i had to pee
getting leg breaking drunk
accidentially fucking my gf in the ass.
having sex in my car
getting 6 people laid off...
washing parents car
staying up until 3 in the morning watching you tube and accidentally fell asleep on the girl i likes shoulder
not making sure my door was closed
got poison ivy on my junk.
bragging about how \"i knew it\".
spilling bacon grease in the oven. hello, smoke!
using a condom my gf gave me as a frisbee
not deleting my browser history
barman issues
spilling condoms during office hours.
opening my big dumb mouth at work
letting my male best friend see my nude photos.
saying \"fuck you\" to an infant in front of its mother.
rolling up my window.
shooting up for the first time.
not listening to what i said 10 minutes earlier.
saying the wrong thing to a girl
trying to piss while biking
making my extended family listen to me rip ass. probably nsfw]
using my leg as an ashtray...
having a threesome.
kicking myself in the balls.
the wasps that were in it
babysitting.
making the pizza oven at work explode
not knowing my friends names
emailing the wrong professor because of gmail and my oversight
throwing a torn handkerchief i used to clean my ejaculation in the trashcan of the bathroom
sending my first email at my new job.
hooking up with a fat chick
update: titlers kampf mit hr
almost blinding my brother with a flare gun.
sexting my dad.
being late for an exam
singing lady gaga
posting a gross inside joke to my newsfeed instead of to a group of close friends
eating two boxes of fibre 1 bars
staying at my friend's house for too long while her parents were away.
friendzone level: max
throwing my gum on someone thinking they were a trashcan
trying to kiss a girl
breaking my dick
posting a stick it note on someone's back...
not taking advantage of qdoba's bogo deal
showing a girl who's friend had just been killed by a drunk driver a .gif of a man being run over
glancing at my roommate's honker.
watching \"starship troopers\" in music class.
ripping one end of a mcdonald's straw and blowing into it and having it shoot into a millionaire's face.
update
waxing my husband's armpit
ceran wrapping my co-workers chair.
getting a lift home with my ex...
laying on a hammock
taking the stairs three at a time
using too much bengay
posting a story about dick sucking and period blood and forgot to use my rather ironic novelty account.
wearing a cock ring
having a quickie before dinner.
crashed on a motorbike. sometimes full gear does not help.
smashing into a car with my chin
eating a seafood dinner
taking a shortcut at work
forgetting to get a signature on a wic voucher.
washing a rug in the front load washing machine
shitting at a canadian natural wonder.
with a pellet gun.
smoking while driving
deleting the voice mail from a future employer
centering all my rage into a newspaper article, whilst my mother was present.
going to the grocery checkout with underwear in my reusable bag.
giving a boy in my class a cd with a track of me peeing
meeting a girl
inviting two women i've slept with to hang out with my gf while i'm at work.
getting a silly tattoo on a whim.
punching someone
rubbing my eye
giving my mom a chocolate bar from a dispensary...
trying to stay up late and study.
telling my boss i did ecstasy.
changing my door handles
shouting profanity near a popular deli
saying i had meningitis instead of the normal run of the mill flu (which i actually had) and got fired.
ignoring this girl i knew but haven't seen in a while. then staring at her
masturbating
unbeknowingly smoking marijuana covered in trinidad scorpion juice.
using my mma skills on a mentally ill person (long)
giving myself the shittiest time of my life.
turning my car into a dumpster.
streaming r/spacedicks to my class
trusted a beer fart at work
taking off my shirt while high
trusting a fart.
calling a customer sir
pouring a cups worth of milk into a large container of nesquik.
sending my new boss's cv to the one replaced by him
yeah, i did this at work today...
i used a bathroom at dennys.
forgetting to secure my car hood down
letting my dad clean up under my desk
gotta have my pops
accidentally farting in my boyfriend's mouth
losing all my document with my final project on my computer.
accidentally nearly killing myself by being stung by 4 bees, knowing i'm allergic.
sent my girlfriend to work an hour early
dropping a couch on my kitten
not fapping for a week... (nsfw)
missing my flight home.
bullying a girl with a chronic medical problem.
fapping after a day at a crawfish festival.
making dinner
featuring beer, pretty girl, piss and cowardice
accidentally putting diesel fuel into a weedeater.
doing nothing
got drunk and groped my best friend's man friend
not using the bathroom.
with a mechanical baseball pitching machine
feeding my lizard
washing my sheets
using a laptop as a laptop
at the hospital
vacuuming
i never thought it would happen to me... but tifu.
possibly making my friend drink nmy piss.
lurking my ex-gf's facebook page
vomiting in a lobby.
reading a banned book in school.
sending an email
letting my new gf meet my great grandma. (warning: long one)
trying to get a snack before the commercial break ended
engaging in conversation with a blind guy
asking my dad which watch he preferred
having my ex come over so we can \"talk.\"
taking a big gulp of meat grease
possibly giving myself pink eye
making a toaster explode
listening to pearl jam
having another dick adventure
having a party
locking myself out of my home
weightlifting
locking my door.
having a threesome
flipping off a car that honked at me in a parking lot. turned out to be my 66-year-old high school english teacher.
trying to make a friend
wiping my ass with a hand sanitizing wipe.
getting lost and sinking my dads car in a puddle...
not finishing my coffee
having a naked nap in a youth hostel kitchen
greeting an old woman with my dick out.
soaking my unwitting mother's knickers in my urine
getting biofreeze on my ball sack
sending my mom sex toys
rear ending a car.
urinating in a sink
allowing my ignorant coworker to hold on to my signed first edition copy of \"damned\" ,by chuck pahalniuk\"
yelling at my brothers. (1 week ago)
i did it like a hour or 2 ago
not brushing my teeth since i was six
using my friend's id and racking up a hospital bill
bringing my 3ds into the bathroom
squeezing my cat a little too hard.
packing at the last minute.
thinking a man was homeless.
saying my music teacher's husband has erectile dysfunction..
forgetting i keep a lot of fishes.
not being able to say the l word...and then accidentally saying it.
unintentionally insulting a depressed chef.
ruined the punch.
being accidentally racist
screwed up about 3tb of data.
thinking it would never happen to me.
shitting myself in the middle of nowhere and hobbling around the countryside in terror
drunk sleepwalking
going around with a huge camel toe
breaking the screen on my replacement phone.
forgetting how many people there were in my group.
trimming my balls.
got my hand wet
my ex's name
trying to pee in the sink
calling out someone else's name during sex.
scratching my ear
fraping my brother
drinking acetone.
eating too much meat...
today i fucked up my roommates face.
unknowingly wiping my ass with the back of my tee shirt.
:green tea and piss are the same color...
accidentally sending a text message
pooping in the toilet, where i'm supposed to, but it was really, really close.
\"tifu\" this weekend i was in charge.
masturbating at work.
getting my hair \"highlighted\" by a customer of mine.
bringing a cup of water to class
parking my motorcycle inside my friends head shop
standing next to my aquariums during a teleconference
inviting a friend of mine to my other friends birthday party
i told my family i would have sex with a lion.
my penis started bleeding while masturbating.
going home sick (yifu edition)
i slipped up after a while
sending an /r/nosleep story to my girlfriend
sexy times **(nsfw)**
standing in a bonfire on a dare
posting an image i had made on a subreddit, forgetting that some of my classmates might recognise it and post a link to said picture on facebook.
accidentally using interrogation techniques on myself
bye sneezing
with ants, piss, tetherball and a job interview.
cutting my boyfriend's hair
trying dieter's green tea.
not handing in a project directly to hand.
trying to fufil some stupid ocd quirk of mine...
saying \"boyfriend\" instead of \"boss\" while talking to a client.
showing up for breathalyzer training drunk.
destroying my toy with sheer laziness.
deleting my facebook
sleeping with my ex boyfriend.
making making my gf's roommate cry for her charity work
telling my ex that i cheated on her...
deleting my entire eagle scout project
letting a 2 year old get the best of me and sent me into a rage.
telling a friend i was uncomfortable
shitting my pants halfway through my shift
setting my house on fire
implying hitler was fantastic
inviting my neighbor to a party
running a red and driving on the wrong side of the road
shiting myself at a job interview.
forgetting to put the sesame seeds on the sesame chicken.
fiddling around with a bolt-thingy on a shelf at walmart then having the entire display fall over. there was lots of glasswear on it and i must have ruined around $500~ in merchandise.
trimming off a piece of my labia before a date.
trying to make snow.
spilling a bowl of cereal all over myself and my cat
calling my drum major an orc...........
deleting my nearly finished engineering thesis.
cleaning my browser cookies and cache. now all my res subreddits are gone.
der deutsche fuck up
registering a domain with my full name
getting a tattoo in arabic that doesn't mean anything.
inadvertently showing my apartment neighbors all of my anatomy
asking for recommendations.
spraying lynx up my ass.
trying to surprise my wife
lifting with my knees.
updating my phone to ios 7.
wrecking my car.
forgetting how to sit down at bus stops.
not paying attention to the man with the chainsaw. twice.
telling my wife to fuck off in front of my kids
getting diarrhea all over my vagina.
drinking too many starbucks drinks with not enough sleep
accidentally talking into my radio
slamming my car door on my finger
being sober
fondling my sisters boob
walking into a woman's breast
being rear ended.
not passing the driving exam.
making my boss vinegar coffee.
somehow bruising my butthole.
i cut myself out of 3000+ legitimately earned dollars
unplugging the ceo's adsl.
leaving my vibrator on my nightstand.
being in the army... and substituting energy drinks for sleep
accidentally sending a virus over twitter (im such a scumbag)
deleting my classmates' work in dropbox
slapping my dad in the face
leaving 2 months worth of calc homework till the last day.
asking a girl out the wrong way :(
realizing that i have been attending the wrong class
being colorblind
saving over my boyfriends gtav data.
getting an 82 year old car into a fender bender.
pocket-dialing a priest.
not buying certain games on steam before 10am pst
not researching anal pleasure enough
helping a violent man leave the state
putting my $200 back in the packing envelope.
peeing in a trash can.
throwing away the box.
trying to drive home after too many drinks
giving myself a hickey
just realized i've accidentally been advertising myself as hiv+ and gay for a decade, awesome
making someone storm out of an assessment
taking too many late night walks
going to the bathroom
cigarette tea
watching the oscars without having watched a single nomination in the past year.
eating everything i can
being my usual shitty self.
asking my roommate how her week went.
throwing up sausage.
spanking my way to jail.
wearing my favourite jeans when i went bowling
3 for 1 (damnit...)
going commando to yoga class.
using a nasal irrigater without cleaning it first
getting a blowjob on the way to work
taking a drink into the shitter at a milwaukee brewers game.
slathering my toothbrush with a decent sized layer of softsoap shea butter hand soap and not realizing it until my toothbrush was already in my mouth.
being too loud...
trying to go too far with a girl that would have had sex with me after the first date
going over my phone internet allowance by 300%
missing my final exam because i misread the date and failed my entire course.
using the wrong towel.
farting a fireball at my dead grandmother; ruined my skirt
sleeping through my valentine's date with a man i've been really hoping would ask me out.
gesturing too much with a burrito
not bringing candy to a valentine's party
messging my brother while he was in a meeting
burning my fiances testicles...
leaving sissie porn open on laptop
sending my classmate/good friend a message telling her how i felt in swedish, while high on ambien...
not choosing the right boots
passing out into a bucket of my own vomit.
trying to rub \"dirt\" off someone's forehead
using the dog's toothbrush.
sending the \"internet tough guy copypasta\" to someone who called the police.
i tried to hand him the dollar and he was like, \"no, no, man, it's ok....\"
spraying leather waterproofing on my arm pits
missing a job interview oppurtunity
taking a nap during what i thought was a free period but was actually a class i was supposed to be teaching.
opening by big mouth.
breaking my dads bong bowl.
breaking my motorcycle while working on it.
spilling bondage equipment all over my math class
forgetting to cook the bacon.
reading reddit for too long.
make the counter count hours instead of days.
pooping in marriott lobby
wearing a tank top to the gas station
laughing at my grandfathers funeral.
macing myself twice
brits?
tifu
telling a rape joke to my crush
creating a nice fuck up combo
eating chocolate
getting my bf sick with my toxic vagina.
mixing up class policies.
skulling all of our group work's ginger beer
almost getting some with a girl.
dropping my camera
my procrastinating trait and my ability to not give fucks when i should.
procrastinating and having a scumbag body/brain.
75,000!
i broke my flash drive with all my files in it.
using my iphone in the rain
trying to return a wallet
almost cancelling everyone's classes at my university
mixing up eye drops and campho-phenique...
causing a lady to have a bad monday.
forgetting to tell my dog walker i lost my job.
letting a stranger borrow a doorstop
wearing my favorite jeans
drawing very offensive things, in my health book.
losing my job because i couldn't respond to an email.
fapping in the morning.
not thoroughly checking out my \"bargain\" buy
using my computer drunk
forgetting to remove the mail account i use to send dick pics and solicit anonymous sex
walking up the stairs.
drunk as piss. lost my work id, my credit card and my bus pass.
going for a run, being carried back inside
queefing out my first creampie through my trousers.
using a cue-tip.
trying to rescue my hard drive
jizzing into my own armpit.
sitting on cacti
coughing so hard i threw up on the kitchen counter... and the cat.
not buttoning my cargo pocket
narcing out my neighbor
taking someone else' cart
trying out new jokes
getting my butt stuck in a dog door
going to the bathroom
not believing my sister
thinking diarrhea was sweat.
a job interview due to my ringtone
trying to have sex with my bf.
jerking off (nsfw)
vandalizing my workplace with googly eyes
causing my parents to fight because of my farts
taking my dog for a walk
getting dressed for work.
sending a video of me masturbating to my former coworker.
telling a joke to crazy
claiming to have waaaaaay more money than i actually do.
not bringing my identification to a job training
pissing my pants at my new neighbor's house.
accidentally hiding in the ladies' room for an entire period
reset the counter :(
walking around the house stark naked while my brother's friend was round
in the name of love.
trying to boil milk while i was super stoned
not putting away my bdsm material
failing the semester.
erasing all my frostwire files
bought a used car, turns out title has notary signature that doesn't match notary's name on the seal stamp.
sending a dirty text to my professor during class
chewing gum
clogging the toilet
i didn't pay attention to what was right in from of me.
wearing a bra in front of my fiance's brother
signing up for my free week of hulu plus, even though i've gotta do the next 3 days in jail.
tasting baby shit.
wiping sweat right above my eyes and grabbing my dick after unknowingly getting poison ivy on my hand
eating a scone full of bugs
putting my girlfriend's designer dress in the washing machine
puking into the toilet while the plumber was fixing stuff
looking through my sisters old hard-drive
letting my dad borrow a blank cd
two friendships in 24 hours.
beating a 5 year old at wii basketball
dropping my phone in office restroom.
finding a $50 bill then proceeding to lose it
ejaculating while my dad hugged me.
trying to fix my own phone when i was in a bad mood after fighting with my so. not recommended.
my cross country tryouts.
taking my final at the wrong time.
running with scissors
turning on the fan during sex.
playing donkey konga 3.
accidentally applying gel to my pubic hairs
cutting my own hair.
streaming porn to my parents tv while they were watching netflix.
casually comparing a stranger's breasts in front of her and her boyfriend.
i broke my hand with a potato and spoon.
not going to the toilet for 5 days
trying to be productive while very very stoned
getting a boner in front of the face of a nurse after shitting the bed
throwing away a blood-covered glove.
getting an after-sex snack.
carelessly browsing the internet for hours and eating 50% of a box of oyster crackers
trying to take the hub caps off my pickup truck.
letting my brothers onto an social experiment i was planning.
trying to smoke in my room
tripping the alarm at work.
looking sad at work
being an extra-quotable teacher.
hitting a cat with my car and losing him twenty miles away.
forgetting the difference between porn and reality.
i just fucked one of my employees while drunk, i work with my girlfriend.
degrading my friend irreparably
flushing a tampon at a guy's house
revealing my sexual perversity
putting daughters ipad on top of car
putting back the wrong newspaper at work.
pulling my pants down
at the grocery store.
wearing the wrong socks
losing a usb drive with nude photos of a friend
buying something i really didn't need and now have to return it first thing tomorrow
watched friday the 13th while i have diarrhea
getting too drunk and trying to fight people.
adding a customer to my skype account
offering a fist bump(and not reading signals right)
chopping chillies and having a wank
consuming the wrong things at the wrong times all the damn time.
putting my wife in contact with my mistress
getting the wrong ice cream flavor
fucking up my car
wearing a piss-soaked undershirt for 3 hours
losing my wedding ring
yelling at a customer, with my pants around my ankles.
breaking my new year's resolutions.  all of them.
today my cat fucked up
forgetting how to unplug a light
because i was screaming gay insults towards people playing counter strike.
using ie9
i kissed my ex and ruined a possible relationship
not opening a window
waking up at 2am and drinking too much coffee at breakfast
chewing on a plastic straw.
spilling nature valley crumbs on my keyboard
finally say no to someone who needed \"computer halp\".
having a \"nightmare\"
going to a funeral and shaving my pubes
touching a kid.
not shutting up
i was wanting to try out linux, and i erased my windows 7 system, and all my data.
trying to be vegan for a day and then trying to unclog the toilet with my girlfriend's mom's salad tongs..
laughing
partied a little too hard.. now i have an infected swollen testicle and a partially paralyzed hand.
forgetting to close the porn on my laptop.
realising that i sold a rented textbook to a different textbook website
school server.
leaving a $100 bill in my front pocket.
submitting possibly the tifu of the year under my default username for everything.
tifu-my first shart...
killing my uncle's prize winning birds
buying eyeglasses that don't fit
but alluding to a racial slur
now have to pay 300\u20ac for two week internet access.
i was biking
owing money to two people at once
is it just me or does tifu's posts not display correctly
to the girl in my apt who saw me fall down the stairwell naked. (craigslist best of)
multitasking and reddit do not work well together. i'm probably fired.
accidentally throwing away $400
putting my clothes in the toilet
spoiling my wedding surprise
spilling milk on my xbox, and getting caked in the face
being a terrible son.
going out in my slippers
being clumsy with a knife.
wiping with lysol wipes.
slapping a toddler down the stairs
texting sexy time phrases to my hairdresser while getting a haircut, for her to read later, at her request, but having gone temporarily insane, sending it to my wife by mistake.
forgetting basic electronics safety and almost juicing myself
are we just giving up on the sidebar?
accidentally showing my gym teacher my dick.
redditing at work
not realizing my coworker was working from home
racially abusing my boss
eating 2 boxes worth of oatmeal crisp in a day.
cutting myself even though i was instructed how not to cut myself
attempting to bring out my inner charisma via alcohol
longboarding in the rain.
almost sharing porn on facebook.
getting a zero on my sat2
or why i can't have nice things.
a simple drug test.
letting a plumber and my boyfriend's dad see my period blood.
shaving
going in for a kiss
playing sports with my students.
getting drunk and paying for a non-refundable, six-month subscription to christianmingle.com for $87.00
being to trusting
using roommate matching.
smelling sriracha.
drinking the wrong milk, and farting.
making myself look like a stalker to my crush
i **cked a street prostitute.
doing laundry
spoiling a season finale for my girlfriend. twice.
almost breaking education queensland.
eating 3 boxes of fiber one bars
having an ikea catalog in reach while drunk
resetting the counter
feel like a fool
going to make a cup of tea
possibly tearing the cords of my eyeball.
snarting in class
making it very clear to my friend that i have a massive stash of porn
expecting my first business trip to go okay
pausing louis c.k. stand-up without paying attention before my friend came over.
implying i have sex dreams featuring jennifer lawrence
trying to update my company's website
blowing pot smoke directly into someones face
trying to save 2$ on airport parking
not looking in the mirror.
forgetting to change a word in my cover letter
accidentally stealing a customers meth
bringing a bag of skittles and arizona iced tea to a work party
pissing on my boyfriend
eating pizza and sleeping it off
thinking i have multiple ways of seeing things.
trying to make something better
not doing washing
not locking the restroom door at work.
not paying attention to my surroundings
throwing away my cigarette.
not reading the entire wall of text on my friend's fb status
putting on a sock
i fucking zipped my dick, and now it's bleeding.
not checking for mosquitoes.
eating \"hippie food\" that caused me to shit on my boyfriend and myself.
attending a muay thai class just 24 hours after recovering from a case of minor food poisoning
with airsoft
being don draper
trying to rebuild my own carburetor.
not checking what i was about to drink..
cooking
leaving my wallet, full of money, in my jacket
putting announcement and fuckup in the post title
being a drunken douche with my friends and getting in a fight with one.
attempting to initiate sex in the least flattering way.
taking my brother-in-law to a party
making a pretty bad situation shitty
not taking my medication and then multitasking and not paying enough attention.
touching my dick after dinner
the smell was so bad they cried.
playing cookie clicker
giving myself glow-in-the-dark eyes
shitting in the shower and plugging it up
doing a recursive delete
dreaming of exposing my cat loki to be a fraud and piss fucking my couch then texting my friends at 4am to tell them about what happened.
leaving my mobile charger in my work car.
using a \"safety\" pin to hold my pants up.
not cutting a vent hole in a can of beans.
telling my ex girlfriend a joke i read on r/imgoingtohellforthis
skyping in my dorm room
not closing a freezer and getting nailed in the nuts with a tennis ball
inhaling a cherry(not the fruit)
but apple fucked up more. steve jobs attacks from the grave (x-post from r/funny)
leaving the dog food outside the tent
knocking myself out
jizzing all over the carpet
making plans for the day
another childhood tifu
poking myself in the eye with a twist tie.
eating $10,000 worth of turnips.
watching the human centipede 2
getting my braces stuck in a binder (nostalgia edition)
hi guys! i made a public account!
i entered the wrong commission in the mls
thought of a childhood tifu
shitting my pants at my best friends house
burning soup.
sleeping with my best friend and his roommate on the same couch and having them both find out about it at the same time.
showing my store assistant manager my pics
cutting open my finger with a box cutter.
showing off my ability to hang upside down like a bat on my own poorly fastened pull-up bar.
trying to be a cross-country badass
quoting arrested development
while trying to impress a lady friend using guitar hero.
trying to get a quote for movers online.
trying the fish.
denoucing my teacher before my final graduation exams
fuck up of the year
accidentally submitting a friend request i hadn't talked to in years.
trying to get off, but lost 2 benwahballs in my butt
cheating
using scissors
\"tifu\" awkward question
texting and pooping
at work - multitasking and reddit do not work well together. i'm probably fired.
going to the dentist
alerting everyone of sexy times
basically telling the world i almost bent my boner during sex
getting piss everywhere because of a spider
using shampoo as lube
drinking, smoking, and eating undercooked food on a camping trip
pricing myself out of my gym
showed my dick to my crush.
post... \"i showed my boyfriend my yeast infection\"...
being banned from r/gameofthrones
flashing my bum to my boyfriend's sisters, mum and her boyfriend.
spilling a cancer-causing fluid over my lab bench.
being in a photo-project.
trying to drink away a problem
passing out on the sidewalk
a purple link...
going t work sick
trying to force out a fart.
being annoyed at my mom
going on an incest binge
eating chips, not even naked.
getting rubbing alcohol on perforated ear drum
trying to add new music to my ipod before a walk
at work -- feel like the worse employee ever
trying to masterbate after being sick
consuming a lot of ants
asking an american where she was from.
messaging my ex
at a new job
believing a story in /r/tifu
sneezing so hard i projectile shat myself in tesco.
handing in random crap to my professor
murdering my iphone
i warned you...
smashing my face against the wall and possibly breaking my nose
trying to be too pc
hard-shutting down a random girls computer on campus... while she probably had unsaved work
freezing my water
well friends, my fuck up is not just of a day but a lifetime. i realized today i am gay and have been in denial of being in denial and have wasted the past 29 years.
going to goodwill
trying to motivate my sister
sending my boss an idea from reddit
impersonating an army officer.
entering months of bookkeeping records without a vat amount
sitting in my shit covered pants for 30 minutes, and possibly ruining a car seat
answering no to \"do you like my best friend?\" when the answer is really yes.
giving myself whiplash while dozing off in class.
i accidentally rode in the l.a. circuit (bicycle) race.
assuming someone was on drugs, when they really had a disease.
almost making my friend tell my group of friends he has cancer
waking up at the wrong time of night.
not putting my junk away.
rinsing with listerine
telling interviewer i didn't watch news
typing \"shits\" instead of \"shifts\" in an email at work, sent to my boss, my boss's boss, and all my coworkers.
dropping a knife on my penis.
forgetting to put the car in park
wrong text to the wrong person...
peeing on the man next to me at the urinal.
sending my ex's brother a text meant for my new gf
forgetting my house key.
accidentally telling my so's mother, \"sup, nigga?\"
finally taking a stand when i shouldn't have
farting while walking through a meeting of my boss and other higher ups
waking up late
trying to be flirty
accidentally playing porn in a lecture.
exposing myself on omegle.
learning the hard way i'm allergic to latex.
putting a dime into a change machine.
not trusting my fart and trying to shit in the bathroom of a restaurant
losing my wallet which contained half of my rent
trying to go shoe surfing
throwing up while giving head.
driving my car
standing up
losing my wallet and my buds
assuming my boss would find \"the aristocrats\" joke funny
pissing on my work uniform
while moving a china cabinet
assuming that an \"unbreakable\" wineglass can be thrown on the ground at full force.
getting my car stolen
reheating my hard boiled eggs.
drinking too much water
inventing a new drink....
waiting too long to ask someone out
failing my university class on birds.
cracking my phone's screen
deciding to shave my beard last minute before an interview.  my trimmer broke halfway through the process.
pissing myself while dreaming about reddit
almost suffocating in the shower
cancelling my graduation.
meditating to metal music in my living room
managed to get icy hot on my ball sack
playing to hard and doing silly things.
eating deliberately contaminated food
scorching my balls with red hot chili pepper oil, and trying to douse it with a variety of remedies
using the wrong train ticket
first fucking post. just went to get my cat some food and on my return discovered that i ran him over and killed him on the way out. fml
totaling my bosses car... with my car.
ruining my $1500 computer by illegally downloading software.
smoking weed
complaining how my wife cleans
trying to unclog my toilet
playing porn on my led with the whole family watching.
pulling something out of my dick
drunkenly blurting very dire assumptions about a good friend of mine to a stranger. fml.
having sex with my best platonic friend long, kinda gross]
trusting a fart and i now have no dignity left.
with 3 seemingly insignificant actions, culminating in 3 facepalms.
the last post
before i was even awake
going to the mall.
whining in a comment section
eating thai food.
pissing on my girlfriend.
reading reddit in class.
overestimating my swimming ability.
calling the cops at work
walking in on my brother masturbating, falling, hitting his face off the bathtub, and me pissing myself.
waiting 5 days to register for classes...
returning clothes to walmart (nsfwish)
shaving in foreign territory
going off the deep end in an advising appointment
lending my friend some boots
it burns!
salting a girl on the train.
having a senile, drunken grandmother urinate over my unconscious corpse.
missing my first college track meet
saying i felt retarded in from of my crush's entire family, including her autistic brother.
leaving my keys in my coat while walking my dog
reading lost silver.
using a cheap comb on my beard for the first time.
putting my mouth where it didn't belong
breaking my friend's phone with a harmless, yet idiotic joke
drinking moonshine
my roommate.
watching porn before church.
leaving the window closed when i had a hot bath.
sending my mom nude pics of myself.
posting a greentext screencap
my bf's farts triggered a period
bragging about gta v
because i wasn't watching portlandia
bringing up the fleshlight during my psychology of sexuality class.
parking in a handicap space.
missing a job interview
falling in love with my best friend.
my gf's kitten bit my dick
pooping at work.
not filtering before i write
not studying for mcats
vomiting all over my best friend's brand new car.
not realizing that there was not a doorknob before i closed the door
i sucked the wrong dick
drinking coffee
not securing items on a boat
riding on the back of my friend's e-bike
not shitting myself.
i unknowingly peed/sat on a poisonous plant that made my ass burn and itch for a good 2 hours.
falling off a log and landing on my shoulder.
eating to many nuts and pissing my own underwear and pants.
eating beans that expired in 2009.
not thinking straight after being cheated on
wearing skinny jeans.
pouring petrol in the oil tank of the lawn mower
cooking fail.
now i'm bleeding from the butthole.
telling a kid santa isn't real.
exploding the engine on my snowblower.
letting my mom rummage through my room
hitting the wall.
never trust a ghost poop.
not pulling over
going to a train station alone at 10pm.
adding an item to a shopping list.
doing a cam show to a scammer
joining okcupid. sigh.
watching nudity filled anime on the school news's youtube account
i choked on rice and ened up peeing myself
getting into a car accident.
trusting a fart.
accidentally calling an overweight woman fat
shit-farting in my boy friend's sweat pants.
causing my girlfriend to get attacked by an angry poodle immediately after sex. definitely nsfw
putting hydrogen peroxide in my eye.
trying to plug headphones into a usb port.
losing my host's cat
taking a shot of wild turkey 101 down the wrong pipe.
eating ice cream and drinking soda.
eating cici's pizza...
showing my 10 year old daughter her stepfather's boner on a wide screen television
ruining my shoes with mouse brain.
chatting up a girl on the bus
just machine washed my iphone
getting a facial
blasting porn in my office.
at the san jose sharks game
shitting all over my hand.
touched my cat
misunderstanding my friend and thinking he tried to kill himself.
finishing my professor's sentence a little to loudly.
fooling around with my married boss.
sleepwalking
giving away \u00a360 worth of pizzas to a customer for free.
kissing a woman who isn't my girlfriend.
letting my dad use my laptop
going to the county fair with friends.
not paying attention to my arm position
ate mold
snapping at my in-laws.
trying to see how long i could hold my urine...
taking my cousin's dog for a ride.
swallowing asthma inhaler stuff and leaking shit all over my bathroom floor.
getting my own semen in my eyes.
had sexual encounter w/ best friend's sister.
chopping habaneros and then taking a piss
waking up naked with my dad
with a bit of miscommunication
nutting in my gf's eye...from behind.
a paralympian
\"coming out of the closet\" to my mom (with reaction-gifs for fun :d)
sitting next to a projector
not wearing sunscreen
made a $1200 brick
taking my dog out without grabbing my keys.
making my mom think i have a butt fetish
spent all of my money for the month
apology to the woman i hurt.
trying to have lunch.
trying to sleep off a headache.
drinking my own spit...
not reading the fine print on my c25k app
being really racist in front of an asian man.
eating chilies for breakfast.
dropping my laptop on the floor
forgetting i was in a video call
trying to get some coffee when i got to work
accidentally making a change in a default domain policy...
cutting my scrotum with childs scissors.
almost sleeping with my ex
putting crushed pepper flakes on my pizza
installing itunes...
getting on a bus
locking myself out of my hotel room with no pants on
drinking a smoothie.
accidentally leading a girl on
not getting any information from someone who hit me.
trusting a fart.
getting drunk.
moving my computer a couple inches
i thought it was payweek this week.
watching django unchained next to a black guy
leaving my ipad on top of the car
with the girl of my dreams
enjoying the 4th.
causing a married man to leave his wife.
not paying attention.
hitting myself in the nuts
talking trash about an acquaintance...who was right behind me.
putting on a pad... (nsfw)
complimenting a picture..
for being an absolute dick to the girl who probably loved me. well sorry ._.
answering a phone
pics or it didn't happen.
slicing a small chunk out of my hairy beanbag
tasting my own manmilk nsfw]
playing ultimate dodgeball at school
taking a sip of my own piss
going to a friends house.
doing the hair flippy thingy. i only gave my self terrible whiplash..
running late to an important interview, shit my pants before an important interview
throwing a giant house party when parents when out of town.
erasing the sd card folder
letting my phone sync to dropbox
eating two packs of breathsavers.
missing my final exam
trying to clean up a stain on the ceiling and making it more noticeable.
throwing a slider
washing my face with shampoo.
i was baked in class and i answered the teachers question with a racist answer in front of 300 people.
climbing a ladder at work.
losing my best friend.
swallowing a tampon whole.
attaching a for head to an electronic meat fork, killing it instantly
putting my car keys in the wrong hole
falling under my girlfriend on some rocks. after being surprised by her.
did the truffle shuffle
trusting my boyfriend to much (nsfw?)
giving my teacher the wrong thumb drive.
thinking i could get into college easily.
not wearing a belt.
hallucinating at work and getting fired
jumping out of a stationary truck.
trying to fix a leaky sink
peeing on someone (my story).
peeling my toenail...
not knowing about diarrhea
breaking my arm while i was masturbating, with a surprise visit from a family member
why no more fuck ups of the week?
sending a text to my dad
almost two months without a fuck up of the week?
licking my girlfriends hand.
with a guitar. i'll let the story tell the rest.
sleeping with my crush
my egg ramen
almost burning down my house
fratting too hard at a hotel
at the bar
using icy-hot
hitting on my first-cousin.
leaving the door at work open.
emptying the vacuum
making my 4 year old running face first into garage door
sneezing while eating an whole boiled egg
stepping on a plug.
not tying on the ladder on top of the work van.
getting shitfaced.
being honest about my beliefs.
updating my ipod touch
sitting down...
trading for an activated phone on craigslist
killing a lizard in my backyard
telling my boss i'm easy
paying $516 for an old, broken end table because i spray painted my apartment's balcony.
agreeing to work.
sneezing
cutting my sister's finger off
mis-placing a needle.
but at least i don't remember it.
speeding and crashing my car
scratched my butthole after cutting up chilli's
confronting greenpeace or some anti-whaling organisation with my awful sense of humour.
wrecked a bmw with my shoulder
using the bathroom at a friend's house.
my car
hitting my roommate's car when parking in our building's garage.
forgetting to close my sunroof.
calling a guy by his brother's name.
drinking with friends
cuddling with my gf at my grandparents house
letting my inexperienced gf try to deep throat
hugging my best friend
leaving my fiance's grandma to watch miss march
got some guy arrested.
i enjoyed a phone conversation on my front patio too much.
broke my friends computer and missed my train
drinking a glass of water on a hot day.
talking to an old friend
arm wrestling my roommate
playing with broken glass
using the rear window defroster.
not completing a college apllication
pissing myself
demonstrating my flexibility
drinking robitussin
accidently leaving my bag of naughty things where my sister found it
obeying traffic laws
not realizing someone took my phone...
not looking where i was stepping
thinking i failed a test.
believing i could actually control my friends dog's gassy 'explosions'
looking up doritos, jolly ranchers, and cum box all within 5 minutes.
sneezing and shitting my pants
not telling anyone that a confused cancer patient called me
almost killing myself
watching porn with a dog.
my graduation?
taking a 1.5 lt. bottle of water to the gym.
sticking my legs out
trying a \"69\" for the first time
ingesting a lot of cough syrup
setting my laptop bag in a puddle of stale piss
taking phenylephrine hcl
got a nose bleed on a german girl's pussy and accidentally kinda made her a prostitute.
almost got fired
taking medical advice from my mom.
tripping over my teacher
using steam
missed my 7:15 am final
locking myself in my garage.
sending a message to the wrong person.
telling my boyfriend i needed a break
valuing a trip to the beach more than a friendship
coming in late to work, while on probation, and might be on the verge of losing my job. shit!
ice cream
not going to the weight room and ruining my aunt's funeral.
tif(ollowed)u on my ant-piss-tetherball-interview episode.
asking a girl if she was sticking her belly out on a photograph...
shat myself. and then some.
petting a yorkie tied up outside a store
ate a cookie i found in my bag.
not reading a gym contract carefully enough.
am never going back to a certain starbuck's within a stop and shop again...
mother's day for numerous reasons
sending myself flowers for mother's day (spolier alert: i'm the son.)
siphoning gas from my motorcycle
being ridiculously oblivious
missing the toilet
breaking my dorm room window with a bunkbed
breaking my window by playing soccer in the house.
wiping my cum on jesus (xpost - r/offmychest)
exposing my porn browsing history to a co-worker.
not feeding my cat
eating hot lasagna
entering random gibberish as names while quoting a vacation and booking the trip before changing the names.
getting high and telling my very religious sister that i am no longer a \"born-again christian.\"
taking out the garbage.
hitting a parked car at work
getting a pair of heelys and nearly dying.
cutting in line
buying $270 worth of contacts that i can't even wear
shaving my ass
coming to this subreddit hoping to read something besides shit and genitalia stories.
had a salad dressed with ranch and iced tea for lunch
i did something unspeakably horrible (xpost from r/confession)
washing my truck, and forgetting what was in the bed!
calling a girl i like fat
i cannot believe i told him that....
tmi situation or how i got my dildo cleaned
erasing my dads phone
minding too much about things
face planting on the pavement
playing soccer too early in the morning.
almost fighting a customer
changing my skype photo to a hairy dick nsfw]
giving someone the finger at a book club meeting
i'm drinking and writing my research paper
submitting the wrong file for class...
getting period blood on my shirt
breaking a girls ankle
i just got away with the single largest fuck up of my adult life.
the past month or so has been so hectic that i, um... sorta... forgot my online class existed.
mentally scarring my cleaning lady
forgetting something in by instructors car for the second week in a row.
losing my friend's flash drive
mixing butt sex and fireball whiskey
fb stalking my ex...
covertly and accidentally discovering my housemates porn habits, without even touching his computer.
i had to take a shit in a bag.
cutting y cocked
decapitating baby jesus and creating some sort of frankenstein monster. (pics!)
getting blasted and snooping on my roommate's computer.
hooking up with my friend's sister
sending porn to my prof and a whole lot of my classmates at uni...
letting a non-redditor overhear a conversation about /r/animalporn (sfw!)
putting toothpaste in my hair
trying to cut my own hair
shitting myself in the middle of the london underground
my brother's mentality irreparably and beyond measure
telling a girl that i like her
giving my boyfriend head after jalapeno for dinner
ruining christmas
waking up...
accidentally missing a test
letting my whinny friend tell the chief of police his throat hurts.
burning mac and cheese in my microwave.
buying a fleshlight and being careless with the evidence
orgasming in front of my boss
ripping my pants
trying to text my girlfriend goodnight
sent my grandma my lingerie tracking info instead of my christmas gift.
shaving my balls hastily
losing my coat
brushing my teeth with liquid laundry detergent.
accidentally insulting my gf
smoking pot.
meeting a friend of mine for a party!
taking a shit.
taking a hot sauce challenge.
messaging my girlfriend from a throwaway account after posting a story about a sexual exploit at work.
walking home from wendy's with a plastic knife in my mouth
taunting a disabled person
telling a crude incestual son/father joke to a guy whose dad died recently.
wearing clothes covered in piss
not realizing airborne tablet's aren't chewable.
cumming while talking about the holocaust.
looking like a clingy stalker to an ex girlfriend(bonus tifu inside!)
measuring my dick in my grandparents' kitchen
getting across the english channel
not knowing \"toll free\" counts towards cellphone local minutes.
being the only name on the lease
wiping my 500g external hd
today i fucked up at a concert.
puking in ikea
trying to pluck an ingrown hair while taking a shit. semi nsfw]
fucking in my car
accidently putting icy-hot cream on my dick
procrastinating to the high heavens
calling posion control while high
losing my wallet with both my fake id and my real id inside.
not bringing a calculator to my chemistry final
missing a required training
$.40 court summons
getting a d in a class and now i can't graduate
getting on the bus
losing a memory card.
deleting my coworker's last month's worth of work
asking fora sip as i was leaving.
not realizing the new hobbit is out
accidentally drying a load of laundry with half an ounce of exotic weed in one of my hoodies at my parents house.
with brainfarts.
agreeing to draw nude portraits of a man in his home.
trying to hook up my friend with his cousin.
running towards the police with a plastic ak-47 in hand
exploding the christmas tree fairy's head
deciding an open highway was fun
i treated \"budget projection\" like reality and played at being an elf. oops!
trying to be funny
eating grapes
at my office
automatic 0% on science final in class i was not doing well in.
pulling an all-nighter
not washing the dishes.
finished paying off my car, then i very stupidly drive over a street divider to make an on ramp, and it basically totals my car.
proving my boss wrong.
getting a blow-job after visiting an ice cream parlor.
not checking out my running pants...
pushing
trying a backflip off of a 70 foot cliff
shitting on myself, the floor, and possibly the walls.
getting it on with my cousin.
staying up until 4 am when i have to get up at 8:30 for driver's ed.
pissed in my car
trying to pirate ios 7 and had to restore my phone to brand new.
eating nailpolish
mopping the floor at work.
taking my daughter to a birthday party.
trying a macguyver-type stunt
overreacting and screaming \"omg\" while stripping
losing a few inches.
having my phone hooked up to a bluetooth speaker while watching porn
making a joke about a friend's dead mom
bu touching a soldering iron
going to the bathroom at work
stealing someone else's wedding proposal.
wanting to keep my hair dry.
not realising i was meant to be on a date
teaching my parrot how to speak
i accidentally used a turn of phrase in bad taste
leaving naked pictures on my phone
making my girl cry.
whacking myself in the balls four times
looking young
shitting at work.
not checking my email everyday
bringing my laptop to class
breaking the sink at work
posting a computer repair ad and getting fired from my job of 2 years.
insulting jews in front of my german teacher
turning on my headlights.
giving a teacher a gift
not understanding the rules to my state's unemployment compensation
throwing lube at my boyfriend's dad.
trying on my sister's panties
mistranslating a german word, making light of a horrible disease and ruining my friend's stag weekend
at the grocery store...
not moving my hand out of the way...
calling my bisexual girlfriend \"my sweet dyke\".
introducing myself to someone i've known for 8 years.
slapping my husband in the balls
getting drunk and pissing my pants.
buying $20 worth of valentine's day sale candy.
trying to help out a customer
because i thought i was special
drinking liquid hand soap.
masturbating on the bus
cussing out kindergardeners.
dislocated my thumb in a fight
making my mom look like a porn addict
drinking half the bottle of my mum's expensive chanel perfume.
shitting in the middle of a white castles.
being salsberry jones.
talking
my exwife for cheating on her with my gf, after i got caught by my gf for cheating on her with my exwife
brushing my teeth with icy hot
letting a room full of people know i watch japanese porn.
left my car in drive when i parked it on a slight incline. tonight i met everybody in my street.
being friendly (x-post from r/london)
losing a semester's worth of grading spreadsheets on a usb without having saved any backup copies.
eating a cookie.
unwittingly delayed my graduation
getting so drunk i pooed on my friends floor
shaving my eyebrow off
reset the counter...
pissing in the sink at work
trying to reddit while going to the bathroom...
i \"accidentally\" eating shrooms and getting lost on my way to pick up my girlfriend from the airport.
not chewing my food
did you really fuck up, or just shit yourself at an inconvenient time?
washing my hands.
losing my one-hitter in a friend's car.
getting high and sitting on my pizza pockets
i dropped 10 points on my gpa this quarter and made my mom cry.
redditing.
offending the sensibilities of a little old lady.
falling in love with my best friends ex-girlfriend who he still had feelings for
attempting to dye my pubes bleach blond.
eating a whole glob of wasabi with a tiny piece of sushi because i didn't know the power of wasabi.
throwing a snowball with poop on it at a girl i like
pouring coffee on my phone
not quitting while ahead
handing a menu to a blind person
telling my wife i shit myself
done the worse thing of my life.
i linked the head artist of the mlp comics andy price to the my little pony hyper-index
giving personal information to a scammer.
dancing drunk
getting a good night's sleep.
not watching my step
buying a nexus 4 on august 22nd.
nearly knocking myself out in a pile of my own shit, puke, and jizz. nsfw]
oversleeping and missing my date
removing all the keys on my laptop keyboard
clearing my sinuses in the bathroom.
possibly screwed up my entire social life.
digging out a wedgie
not going the fuck to sleep earlier
firing a shotgun in my house.
left a job interview in an ambulance
spreading poison ivy to my genitals
using git
inhaling pizza, and had an near death experience.
feeding my 1-year old a full bottle of liquid coffee creamer
eating school sushi
today i spent $50 to take a picture of a cat at the kfc
not backing up my usb.
laughing...
carbonation, meet tile floor.
laughing at a rape joke at the vagina monologues
trying to stretch things out
i got my friend kicked out of her apartment
being alone on the internet too long.
telling a muslim i didn't care about her headscarf.
trusting a fart
picking my wedgie in front of a hot chick.
recently bought a cd
dated my best friend of several years.
stuck my dick in crazy and immediately regretted it. however, the ass was fat. (disclaimer, bit of a read. tl;dr at the top)
bending over in the hallway at work.
being an idiot.
helping a kitten
explaining gta v to a friend
in just a matter of minutes
putting my backpack down
taking a coworkers hat
cost my client $20,000+ in 5 minutes.
baking over-confidently.
sending a video about the japanese love industry to my professor. video in comments
scaring a girl half to death
smashing an entire bottle of nail polish on my carpet.
laughing in sex ed
posting a nsfw drawing on imgur.
angering poseidon.
went to hungary
i accidental posted a link to /r/mylittlenosleep on the wrong reddit thread
getting caught watching porn by my son
not closing the sun roof of a truck at work
running into my sunday family dinner naked.
pissing my pants, in public, in broad daylight, in front of a tow truck driver and commuters.
going for a run.
trying to make a silent fart
telling a girl i love her
trying to show my mom reddit.
reenacting the hangover, not as fun as you think
filled my roommates backpack with shit.
exploding an owl
trying to be cool.
almost exploding my side view mirror off my car via snow blower wind shield.
yelling at my friend's mum.
new moderators!
bringing a girl back to my place after my band played...
going to the supermarket
falling prey to my first internet scam.
attacking the wrong person in the washroom...
not checking a wrist band and threw away hundreds of dollars.
falling asleep for two minutes
being laughably absent minded after work
leaving my cock ring on too long
not finding an available bathroom
almost got my entire workplace fired, my company shut down, and all with just one word.
update - harvard bomb threat
having an expensive wank
exiting a omegle conversation before i could get her name.
ruining my chance of having a good future.
leaving a condom in my jeans.
looking in my coffee before drinking.
greeting the gm of my workplace with a racial slur
trying to take down a football player.
not making a move
trying to save an animals life
using a pocket hose
standing on the upper-level seats of a moving, double-decker bus.
a tablet to play with
street racing with my girlfriend
not disabling spell check
i threw a party and my neighbors and it went bad.
stealing a water bottle
severely overestimating the power of my stomach.
not saying i had to go to the bathroom in the car with coworkers
fapping too much
playing cricket
making advantage of my schools fuck up
blowing my boyfriend
not going to the dentist for almost 10 years
drinking at a wedding
followup to being ripped at work (love you guys)
hot gluing my finger to my lip
trolling craigslist mfw
having my mom find a drawing i made of a naked woman
not sleeping with a hot girl!
trying to fix an issue with my friend's computer and accidentally making it unusable.
accidentally insulting my friend.
convincing my photography class i'm a serial killer.
using one of those green dish scrub pads to itch an unfortunate place while in the shower...
cumming on my dog
blasting dubstep during a assembly given by a man who's son was bullied into committing suicide.
accidentally using a pick-up line on a friend
getting high and oding on dairy
while making brownies
told a racist joke to a stranger
farting on a maxim model
drinking coffee while being prescribed with lithium.
downloading ifunny
holding it in playing super smash brothers
i made pot cookies with moldy weed and ate one last night
parking my car.
eating chipotle before a beer olympics
falling asleep after masturbating and not cleaning up first
i missed an retreat that is required for the job that i got. i'm waiting on confirmation that i've been fired.
losing my phone
having bad luck, bad sense and a bad memory, which together ruined my day and cost me a bunch of money
smashing a bottle of hot pink nail polish.
cumming on my phone
watching over someone's house and inviting a few friends over... it turned into a huge dance party.
using my \"google name\" as my official email name, and not my real name.
fingering a mentally unstable girl on the dance floor
not strapping on my snowshoes all the way.
missing my chance with a girl
trying to suck my own dick.
picking the wrong time to masturbate
probably scared off a promising girl
how i burnt my pee-ejecter with the bhoot jolokia (reposting as i forgot to put tifu in the title)
laughing so hard i vomited.
letting my grandma borrow my copy of 50 shades of grey
accidentally insulting a hot girl and her mom on facebook.
texting the wrong person...again
turning my car into a smoke grenade on a highway
backing into a neighbors house with my car.
accidentally scaring my dad.
shaving my pubes
not checking my mail
i misheard a coworker
making my very first paper crane.
sitting down.
getting semen on my cousin's curtains
my not keeping my life in check
dropping my iphone and pissing all over it.
letting my cousin see my poowater
dyeing my hair without a bra on
creating a smoke bomb in my house with the microwave.
having a nervous meltdown in front of my scary/angry lawyer boss
forgetting the money in the atm machine
wearing old boots with no grip
a vibrator, an airport... and a really awkward flatmate...
shitting and not flushing.
wiping my nose on my coat sleeve.
missing my final exam.
taking ambien at high school.
telling my roommate i love penis.
peeing in the kitchen sink
my headmaster took my friends ipad while i was on reddit.
missing my final exam
shit into a fan
yelling to a cop out the window
i left in a hurry while the cashier who was maybe flirting with me while requesting a quick break..
throwing away all my money.
hooking up with my mom.
going to the bathroom in mexican town
pointing at a little person.
telling a kindergartener \"fuck you, asshole\"
asking for cash back on a transaction and forgetting to take the money
not cleaning my apartment
leaving my keys in my apartment door...
shitting vertically
hiding my weed in the wrong spot
letting my gf cousin live with us.
using orajel
drink driving and getting caught twice on the same night whilst being on probation for drink driving
peeing in the shower.
letting my wife cut my hair whilst drunk
flooding my classroom with chlorine gas
teasing my fiancee in the shower.
missing my final
shaving pubic hair
huffing paint thinner
reading a dirty, filthy book at work. (a little lengthy)
believing commonapp
being a parkour master
tifu
microwaving cat food.
spilling my cola on my computer desk and than the damn curtain falls on my head
not paying attention to what i was eating
giving residents at a nursing home nacho cheese sauce instead of actual soup.
trusting a fart when i've been having diarrhea all day.
eating wendy's
twerking
roadkilling a turtle
falling 30 feet out of a tree and breaking my back.
not looking before letting someone in..
jerking it in the living room. nsfw.
shitting in a pair of my so's combat trousers..
not shutting the door
going shirtless
drinking grapefruit juice
trimming my manforest.
making a yo momma joke...to a friend whose mom just died
accidentally eating pot brownies.
making my friend show midget porn in his class nsfw]
cleaning
farting during a presentation on suicide prevention
being in the direct firing path of a poopy sneeze bomb.
well my boss did and i watched
pissing in a desk
overwritting a database backup
eating trail mix
masturbating in my parent's bathroom
in so many ways i can't fit them all in the title.
putting my two weeks in a little too early
insulting the pm of canada
masturbating after donating blood
diving out of bed
almost burning my apartment down
playing zelda in front of my girlfreind.
washing my face with summers eve.
trusting a free computer from a \"friend\"
scaring my son
accidentally sending a guy a picture of my new aquarium.
lending my debate coach my laptop
going to the wrong job site and working (for months)
cleaning a door
farting in an elevator
i soiled it. literally.
wet the bed. on my wedding night.
ejaculating in a bottle.
making an israel comment
using hand sanitizer, then having a smoke.
thinking that birds in a crowded parking lot knew when to get out of the way.
beating up a friend in front of a foreign exchange student.
because of exploding applesauce
did horrible things to my friend,the likes of which our friendship will never be able to totally recover from.
letting my grandmother touch my semen
didn't stop for a school bus twenty feet away from a cop
slept through my midterm
holding a shit too long
betraying my girlfriend of 2.5 yrs
letting my dog into the trash can
being too excited to run.
reading comics
thinking nicolas cage played 'ross' in the show 'friends'
contacting peter smalley and asking for help without knowing who he was, facepalm! ugh!
getting anti-itch solution in my eye.
trying to look nice for an interview
breaking my dads golf club
eating a whole bag of vegetable root chips.
sleeping naked and perioding on my hand
moment.
not feeding my cat
pissing in a bottle for the first time.
masturbating when i shouldn't have
but at least it wasn't all covered in brains and skull
loudly masturbating with my imagination without knowing people were in the house.
shitting my pants while trying to fart in my mom's face
making my cat orgasm.
going to the stripclub
blew my nose into my tax return.
not drinking tea
walking home alone
playing tag
accidentally breaking up with my gf via text message
not paying attention to where i sent my books
inadvertently passing up the chance to meet grumpy cat irl
pooping out my buttplug in the hallway
looking at my ex girlfriend's okcupid account
playing call of duty
duck.
engaging in small talk with a taxi driver
letting my husband and son pick out a mother's day gift for my mom
stealing my moms wedding ring...
jerking off early in the morning
having a rational argument with my crushes sister...
leaving a picture up on my computer.
speaking before thinking.
putting alcohol on my penis, for lube, for sex.
letting my dog outside to piss
missed my exam
accidentally dined and dashed
having sex with a close friend's ex-girlfriend a few days after they broke up. she was needy, wanted it.
lost my job
not making up the bed and sleeping on the bare mattress
trying to kill a bug, resulting in a loss of several hundred dollars.
hot saucing my dick.
finding out that maintenance had to move my porn.
lied to my parents about an officer application and today they found out.
not checking the basics
attempting to feed my snake.
100,000 subscribers!
losing my life savings because i had to crap
my car door wouldn't open, so me and three other engineering students disassembled it.
losing my brand new $500 glasses.
tifu... i just wanted to be pretty for prom.
not paying attention while on the toilet
paying a cab driver with a 20 for a 3 dollar ride for which he didn't have any change, trusting him to bring me back the change because i'm late to work.
blacking out. then plumbing occurred.
shaving my ladybits...
going to school high.
snapchatting
killing the class pet
trying to game reddit to get my silly overly \"intellectual\" reddit self-description spoken by samuel l jakcson.
wishing someone the happiest birthday possible
might get expelled and will be watched for the rest of my life.
not using spell check.
being honest with my girlfriend at the worst possible time
not talking to my wife
crapping myself listening to this song
donating blood and/or eating macaroni and cheese
saying \"that guy probably thought i was retarded\" without realizing i was surrounded by members of the special olympics.
using the bathroom at \"the barking crab\".
came in undesirable places
i came in our bathroom sink
eating 3 boxes of fiber one bars
turning the light on without wearing shoes
poop toss (x-post from confessions)
interrupting an important meeting and being a sap
broke my finger...
shitting
waited too long to pee.
losing my peace of mind
i sent my contact information on craigslist without talking to the person first.
leaving my laptop on a table at starbucks while going to the restroom.
planning ahead.
waking up, getting dressed and sleeping on the couch for an hour.
choking my bf...(nsfw)
being too aggressive with my so's penis...thermometer-style
fluff stuck deep in my ear.
accidentally drinking one of those starbucks canned doubleshots of espresso at 11:30 pm
sharting on my hand, pants, and jacket
blowing 2k on baccarat today, 7k since dec. 22nd.
asking my professor if he likes it rough
having my watch set wrong on a date
eating a large can of sweetcorn and almost shitting myself on stage in front of a few hundred people
passing out drunk on the couch after masterbating at my parent's house.
not thoroughly chewing my food.
being in the best relationship i've ever had and about ruined it by fb flirting...
16 years ago and accidentally denounced god in a church
hitting myself in the face
i flashed my bios from windows
causing a roof leak before my wedding.
accidentally tripping the fire alarm when others wanted to do it on purpose
playing \"superman\" right after lunch
capsacin is nasty stuff
getting drunk and playing sports.
taking the strangest shit of my life so far
throwing my lighter against the wall really hard.
accidentally getting a guitar pick stuck in my asshole.
not reading
pulling my phone out of my pocket
sending a fortunatley somewhat intimate text to half my life.
speaking bad english
commenting on a post in /r/tifu.
driving someone else
forgot which stove burner to use.
getting hooked while hooking up
grabbing a spider with my bare hands.
smoking cigarettes in my closet
failing at nofap.
ti(almost)fu: the universe warned me of the consequences and not a moment too soon.
leaving my usb (containing a paper due tomorrow) in the library.
a tale of ribs, stupidity and fire.
helping a friend move.
asking a deaf girl what kind of music she listened to.
cheating with someone who's engaged
got my wife a written warning at her job
eating pistachios.
possibly misreporting a coworker as a bully
i been using fabric softener and not laundry detergent
cutting jalapenos to make poppers and then trying to jerk it later that night
spraying axe on my balls
daydreaming about giving a blowjob.
front flipping a bike...
fucking up
locking my friends keys in her car
rubbing my nose in shit.
had to leave work early
request
eating mcdonalds.
taking my newly racist friend on a walk through my ethnic neighborhood.
putting on my shoes
the weekend
giving a 13 year old a lighter to light fireworks....fire aftermath inside....
throwing up on my cousins bedroom floor.
letting my daughter get her face painted.
using a numbing condom.
not looking inside my pants before putting them on.
falling asleep on the couch without a shirt on.
taking a picture of a cactus
masturbating in the shower.
taking a medication without knowing i would have a severe hallucinogenic reaction to it
thinking my friend was going to suicide
i see your starving child fu and give you my special education fu
vomiting on my laptop
sneaking onto a hotel rooftop with my girlfriend and then breaking my ass.
shitting myself on my neighbours lawn
being an asshole on a date
laughing at a classmate talking about how his father tried to kill himself.
not realizing a girl was flirting.
possibly sending my boss dick pics.
telling my fiance that women \"always say your penis is big whether it is or not.\"
ruining her surprise
stalked a girl at school without realizing it.
driving a $74k vehicle into another car
crashing the stage
seeing russian junk.
falling the wrong way.
stumble in front of the pope
running out of paper
getting wasted and visiting a hooker nsfw]
wiping too much
setting my cat on fire...
accidentally insinuating that i was going to marry a classmate
dropping the window a/c unit on top of my sister's car
not having enough alcohol
spitting on a cop.
keeping my sunglasses in my front shirt pocket.
trying to crush an old couch using my car (video inside)
picking up a junkie hitchhiker
my math final
sharting on my bf's couch and flipping over the cushion
laughing at a guy's story about his dead wife
killing a fly by punching myself in the balls
going to a museum
bleeding out of my ass.
sending my dad to /r/trees
having some bad popeyes
forgetting to lock the door.
using ky warming gel in place of astroglide.
having senioritis
telling a joke about anal sex to young children
of my thumb.
exploding my nose.
scratching a near mint vinyl album i just bought.
playing upwords
trusting a flu fart.
not paying attention during the sat
having an ecstasy pill testing kit sent to my work address
cutting off a piece of my penis.
not taking my car, my bestie shat the road
telling my girlfriend i thought i loved her.
walking into the room while my parents were having sex
falling asleep on the beach
accidently dropping my husband's ipad off the balcony
because of sleepwalking
making the hot, single girl house sitting my neighbours place think i am a violent, and abusive human being.
letting a customer get a douched \"literally\" by a two liter of sprite.
not checking my email for 6 months
falling asleep in class
accidentally \"tear gassing\" my roommates birthday party with tequila and a habanero pepper
not getting reddit gold
asking a fat lady if she was pregnant
working out while having food poisoning.
giving away my old magazines
telling this guy i just met that one of my best friends slept with his previous girlfriend of two-and-a-half years.
taking a single bong hit
talking to my boss on the phone.
telling my friend that she shouldn't work with customers
throwing my iphone out in the desert
scratching a few resistors off my motherboard.
super gluing classmates zippers together, ripping his bag open, and losing 20 bucks for his new backpack.
not stopping my friend from chucking a golf ball at a innocent squirrel
at the gas station
being awkward in the men's room.
going to the dog park
running over a baby bunny on a mower, in front of a bunch of special needs kids.
pissing on my apartment floor
not washing my dirty windshield.
taking a mentally retarded woman's chocolate...
not being bold.
loudly comparing my english teacher to hitler and fleeing the scene
getting high and breaking up with my girlfriend
not going to the doctor sooner
flipping somebody off after they cut me off in traffic, and finding out he is my new nextdoor neighbor.
got fired on day 1 of work
pissed myself
today i discovered i've been generating inaccurate data for months...for our quality assurance department, no less.
got a black-eye from a 15 year old girl
taking a thing's to far
smashing tempered glass bottle with my hands and another harder bottle.
using lime gatorade in an ice pack...
locking myself out of the apartment.
imagining myself to be my grandmother's equal
made a smoothie
got wet without a towel
removing something from my computer while it was on
assuring my parents i could find a livestream of the macy's day parade
sleeping through an important presentation
spilling a huge puddle of barq's root beer all over my bed.
deciding to go downtown to a shop that sells magic the gathering cards. yay for my first car accident!
listening to music
handcuffing my arm.
finally realizing my flight tomorrow is to the wrong city. i'm not going home for thanksgiving.
sneezing during my transformation into a man...
getting black out drunk
trying to make a joke on reddit
sleeping through sexy times
at the gym
getting my bagel toasted twice at the bread co.
dropping my grade so low on an online class, i had to drop it.
almost getting my dad fired.
delivering sushi
almost got caught in the shower
underestimating the weight of wood (picture inside)
trying to buy the last of us
dropping my shoe in the toilet at work on top of my turds.
masturbating at someone else's house
grossly over-estimating my salary on a loan application
not accepting a job interview.
not wearing panties in bed
not responding to 30mins of flirting
getting piss drunk
having a messy apartment and now i have to get rid of my cat.
getting my car stuck in my friend's driveway.
trying to improve my health.
assuming inertia applied to relationships.
eating doritos that were expired in 2005. fuck my life.
grilling on my deck.
thinking my boyfriend was proposing to me.
having drunk sex.
asking my girlfriend for a bj.
being nice to my car
getting caught giving myself prostate stimulation
taking a shot of vodka with my anus
sleepwalking while drunk
gave my eyeball a chemical burn.
syncing my dad's iphone to help him out.
forgetting i had bananas in my kitchen.
sticking balls of my own poop underneath the carpet
eating supernoodles
buying a non refundable airline ticket and clicked the wrong date
thinking it was just a false alarm
having norovirus at my mom's house.
pissing in an airplane toilet
and now i feel like the biggest fucking douchebag ever right now.
spilling piss all over the bathroom
getting haba\u00f1ero in my eye
accidentally letting my cat lick my eyeball
got so drunk i pissed on a car... in mormonville
saying the wrong thing to a movie director interested in hiring me
texting my girlfriend
getting taken to the er because i closed a shower curtain
leaving my dildos out in the open.. i'm a guy
insulting someone with brain damage
singing o, canada in the bathroom.
going to the wrong house
calling my ex-girlfriend while trying to test out a new microphone
wearing a scarf.
receiving a nude.
sneezing
giving my roommate's computer a virus
losing my designer glasses a week after buying them.
raging a bit too hard...
getting pulled over by the same cops twice in a one month period of time.
tried to dance with a mentally challenged person, apparently.
underestimating my fart at a bar
burning a hole in my roommates couch.
swallowed the wrong way while driving and killed a squirrel.
drinking something i shouldn't have.
12 years ago and was an inch away from either losing my eye or being killed
leaving the stove-top on all say
flirting with the starbucks counter guy
accidentally telling the seller of a car what was wrong with his engine.
being racist
trying to relax.
not putting my halloween decorations away
leaving my flashdrive at home
i just spent the past hour 1/2 writing out a very detailed and articulate ama and i lost it.
not cleaning my apartment
block my sil and deactivated my fb
squeezing my dick while peeing.
pouring half a bottle of turps into the sink
making a \"gossip\" twitter page for my school
asking my mother in law if she ate my hot pockets
masturbating on skype with my girlfriend's dad
breaking my boss's mustang against my parents's warnings.
made out with three people today. two of them are dating other people.
getting rid of our bed
left the speakers at work on
chugging water with eye drops in it.
screwing up a work deployment
uploading over 5,000 picture files to my computer and accidentally deleting them
unintentionally committing fraud.
spilling tea on my laptop while writing a final essay
accidentally telling a young parent of 2 that she had her kids into an unstable life. i was hoping to do it differently, \"do it right\".
next day mailing a birthday card to a lawyer on the other side of the country and legal documents to a little girl who just turned 8.
accidentally mocking a kid about his dead mom.
making satanic scones
sleeping naked.
looking at fat people memes
parking my car in the university parking lot
eating my dads home grown chilli, then picking my nose and going to the toilet.
washing white sheets with a red silk quilt
killing my lawn
not calling my parents.....
tyamufu (twelve years ago my uncle fucked up) and made the first 9/11 joke
being ill
spending \u20ac30 on porn
getting accused of stealing a car...
sniffing my wife's friend's panties
leaving a phone in my office
shitting in a favorite childhood spot
mistaking the gbr flag for the confederate flag.. in front of my very british boss.
eating gummies
burning my dick
got kicked out of carlsbad caverns
calling a girl i fell for on her wedding night
losing my husband's birthday card from his mother
going to a funeral instead of a wedding
asking my bestfriend out
trying to be healthier
giving out the wrong prescriptions.
making oatmeal without pants on.
having a good time.
pissing away my chances
coffee spilled on a coworker
not looking both ways
accidentally calling my boss's husband her father, and a pedophile.
shaking peoples hand with dogshit on my hand
not logging out of my phone at work.
replacing my penis with a coke bottle.
almost having sex with a friend
taking a picture of a trophy.
mistaking someones identity
going to the local pharmacy for plan b, only to discover that i know every single pharmacist who works there.
messed up my chances with a cute girl
running out of hot water
eating a peanut.
causing my neighbor's dog to get run over by a large box truck
didn't realize a girl wanted me to take her out to dinner.
peeing my pants. literally. :(
telling my friend she looked prego
a simple microwave pizza
drove my cat to its premature death.
being topless
shoving a poop filled dog kennel down the stairs...
laughing during a video about starving children.
fainting in public
causing a gas leak and an evacuation.
pulling out my video card
not sleeping
pissing myself in my boss' car.
hooking up with a girl and not wearing underwear (with public indecency special feature!)
clicking on a racist link in class
losing my pants and lactating in public
getting a massive erection during a massage.
not looking at a hot girl
mopping the floor at work.
walking upstream.
leaving easter egg shopping til sunday morning
playing dubstep through a 12 year old speaker
using my roommate's computer
sleeping in through a house inspection
being a cold horny teenager with a microwave. nsfw]
forgetting to tap on the metro line.
using my personal skype account for a business call instead of my work acccount
ignoring a fire alarm and removing the batteries
making myself look like an idiot at mcdonalds after an all-nighter
helping my friend cheat on her girlfriend
being rude to a coworker in front of my other coworkers
putting my username in my secret santa cards
sexting an ex-girlfriend
telling the girl i like that i shaved my ass
not putting gas in my car
not paying attention
drinking myself senseless
eating fiber gummies like candy
loosing the title to my motorcycle
getting wasted, stealing a traffic cone, and getting clotheslined
drinking water
running out of work because i had diarrhea.
using my own shit as a glove
accidentally flying 20 feet in the air.
poisoning my dog
talking about an ex in the shower with my current girlfriend
taking a shower
accidentally piercing my dick
having nose sex with satan without proper protection
trailing blood all down my new school's sidewalk
agreeing to have an open relationship with the gf.
lending me phone to my girlfriend.
showing off for the past 2 years
spilling boiling water on my boob
attempting to ged rid of a zit... on my penis
sounding like a rapist to a freshman
dropping the f bomb in a church.
getting scammed with a cab fee
wishing merry x-mas.
blasting \"3 way\" in a nursing home...
having to poop
ordering from possible scam website
shitting. actually.
me and a friend went to deny's and ate a lot, got home and trusted a fart...
dumping junk in the wrong car
broke up with hot girlfriend because of exam stress.
ignoring a stomach ache
ruining a girls life vie omegle.
being a crazy girlfriend
watching porn in front my girlfriend last night
getting drunk and throwing up at school.
accidentally ordering domino's
spraying pepper spray in my friends bedroom.
my hair.
making an ill-timed suicide joke.
accidentally breaking into someone's house
causing a mental breakdown through skype sex
being hangover and severing an artery
coat-hangering an old lady.
touching my vagina. nsfw]
letting my 7 year old sister crash her friend's go kart into his dad's porsche.
closing my bedroom door.
wanking and making my dick bleed
holding in a shit too long
asking my girlfriends friend is she wants to have sex with us
i ate three cronuts.
asking how my boss' vacation went
trusting a 25 year old idiot to watch my kid and dog for an hour
getting a lap dance (nsfw)
not wearing long gloves when welding
locking my bedroom door.
trying to have a nice night
posting niggeragua as the name of a country on facebook.
ditching my sister
letting my parents look at reddit on my computer
pooping your pants, i've got the guide that can get you out alive.
dropping a samurai sword on my hand
using a glue stick for chap stick.
letting my cat eat pepperoni
drinking two week old blue poweraid
making fun of a terrible stench of the toilet at my workplace
using hand sanitiser as a lubricant.
making a guy repeat that his fiance' left him four times.
calling my girlfriend \"chief\" after an incredible blowjob.
ruining my career
getting egypt! (x-post from r/brycegotegypt)
doing strength training.
today i totally fucked up & blocked 2 toilets in 30 mins
bleeding during oral
accidentally spraying myself in the balls with pepper spray
wishing someone \"the happiest birthday possible\"
fapping in the bath and almost passing out
going to work.
swallowing a pop tab
dropping my phone in a piss-filled toilet.
seriously ruining a great night
smashing my mother's laptop screen.
farting in my sleep in a room full of girls
getting drunk and going for a run
krazy-glued my phone's case to the countertop.
shitting my school-issued pants
i meant to send a girl a link from quickmeme.com, sent a link from /b/
going for a run without any water.
swallowing two crest white strips.
using hair removal cream and then shaving
snorting chipotle powder
accidentally deleting a list on my phone that had been accumulating things since 2011.
(five years ago) a veteran's funeral
making neil degrasse tyson really uncomfortable
doing jojo poses and not closing my door.
watching jersey shore
hooked up with my professor thinking it would help my grade; it didn't.
getting my finger stuck in a target basket...(pics)
being startled by cereal.
trying to stick my hand into a swarm of angry bees
asking if someone was sick
missed my philosophy midterm
trying to eat while resting my legs
cleaning my penis.
tried to scare my girlfriend into coming to my house.
allowing my friend's drunk gf grind on me at a party.
spending all day redditing instead of studying
going to the same party as my fuck buddy
deciding to have some sexy time with my girlfriend.
buying a phone with service on it.
losing my wallet at an amusement park an hour before it closed
not watching my step...
getting shitfaced and giving my boyfriend an enormous hickey.
doing a \"muff dive\" shot
mixing up different buyers from craigslist, making me yell at an innocent buyer.
not asking the girl out.
letting my friends text people on my phone
taking a walk and my underwear.
having sex at dinner time
leaving game of thrones on while i stepped away nsfw]
taking my bfs virginity.
leaving knives unattended in the kitchen.
no locking my bedroom door.
accidentally squirted frank's red hot sauce straight into my eyes.
smashing and cutting my penis
breaking my teacher's macbook
anyone down for throwback thursdays?
waking up to vigorously
calling a black friend \"slave\"
learned the true extent of my mother's telepathy.
trying to be a good pet owner
woke up in my car
agreeing that it was a good idea to let my fiancee be a call girl for $500 for one night.
starving my cats for most if not all of this weekend.
shoryukening my grandma's cat
trying to be rough during sexy time.
giving my first blowjob to a guy not my boyfriend
with a monster
having my friends door knocked down by the police and leaving them with the bill
trying to tell the pretty girl at work a joke but instead becoming one myself
killing my tablet.
jerking off in the shower
not looking away quickly enough.
having a nip slip at my christmas party.
leaving crayons in my apron.
having \"my wet, naked body just for you\" as the subject line of an email in my inbox
learned to be careful using internet translators
sleeping with my bestfriends ex
forgetting that its wednesday
dropping multiple condoms while on a date
trying to play sports
drinking coffee..
agreeing to have sex with my boyfriend's \"best friend\"
almost drowning and possibly flashing a bunch of children and old people at the pool
leaving my car unlocked
seeing my best friends grandma naked
drinking tequila
not paying attention to professor while he was lecturing.
trying to leave my gf. if you read my last post you know i just can't win.
having the same password for everything.
inviting my ex-girlfriend to my graduation dinner.
not checking my yoga pants
forgetting to wash my hands...
not looking and hitting a woman with my car.
posting virus links to /r/talesfromtechsupport
calling my girlfriend a bumpkin
mowing the grass
listening to a lesbians problems
being racist
accidentally flashing my dick at the window cleaner
fart version
handed in an assignment 9 weeks ago, teacher finally got around to marking them, turns out he can't find mine
taking a nap
bleeding all over my favorite pair of pyjamas and drinking a bit of my period blood (nsfw)
a final project for which i had all semester...
in the shower
spilling a concoction of gross old milk literally all over and around my bed, right before i was gonna get in it.
quitting my internship
forgot a guest's birthday...
an attempt to be silly went horribly wrong.
complementing a middle-aged mans dog.
restoring my computer.
leaving the stove on. for two goddamn hours.
being impressive, which led to smashing my face
calling, the afterlife
putting weed in an empty soda can.
trying to treat a sunburn without ever looking at it.
playing airsoft in 30 degree heat.
today i fucked up when i didn't realize that 401k contributions are not except from social security and medicare.
watching anime
trying to break the ice with an international student by saying \"hey, i thought you were a girl at first!\"
my family seeing what i really do for work
i feel like i've really messed up. i haven't responded to my email (i.e., done my job) in over a week. how do i get out of this hell hole i dug myself into?
putting a condom in a trash can
pissing in my bed
underestimating the power of vaporizing
i watched a serbian movie
didn't pay attention while eating.
using apple maps.
getting a replacement phone using my warranty, instead of just upgrading right away.
i took a sleeping aid instead of a vitamin that helps keep you awake
got myself fired.... with a riddle.
attacking my brother..
sending emails at work
grabbing live electrical wire
hurling a rock at an object hanging on a tree
melting my skin off.
pulling the fire alarm at work
taking my cum rags/tissues to work.
dry swallowing a pill--and burning a hole in my esophagus.
\"pants\"ing my brother in front of my mom and her boyfriend.
with a glue stick
trying to fix my computer and putting on a no-brainer hulk mode while doing it.
because apparently its been too many days since someone shat themselves. lucking for you guys, tifu.
screwing up my first day of work.
hitting a curb with my driving instructors car during an exam and forgetting to tell him
doing my hair and watching netflix.
punching myself in the head while trying to hike my purse up on my shoulder.
making it so i'm going to be bicycling 40 miles a day when school starts
stapling my finger.
wandering off drunk in ecuador
letting a huge moth survive...
drinking tea...
not finishing
talking dirty to my girl in front of her brother
i dropped my earing in the toilet
in the form of a haiku.
eating mcdonald's.
yifu during trash day
showing my boyfriend my nasty-ass yeast infection. nsfw]
i realized i have over 10,000 miles on a single oil change.
using facebook
shitting myself in my car while on the expressway.
shitting my pants.
uncontrollably shitting myself. sorry guys reset the counter.
giving myself a hitler mustache
being sexually oblivious.
getting wasted and kissing my best friend.
taking my sex toys to the grocery store
stereotypical teenage fuck up, right?
cleaning up my boyfriend's art supplies.
looking as if i were smelling my fingers after sticking my hand under my butt.
pretty much begging for my car to be stolen.
spilling a coke. 4 actually.
sending an inappropriate link to the skype
asking my gay coworker to smoke with me after work.
apologizing
putting serrano peppered fingers in my nose
possibly tearing the cords of my eyeball. i'm ok! :d]
trusting a fart while wearing white shorts
giving myself pinkeye on the day i started a training course. nsfw]
reading in my parents room
walking downstairs and 430am to go to the bathroom.
wanting more chocolate milk
pouring isopropyl alcohol down my dick hole
submitting a post on r/askreddit asking to ban r/cringe and r/cringepics.
\"mating\" with a tissue box and almost breaking my longfellow.
telling my religious father \"f*ck you, hail satan\" in the middle of an argument.
masturbating, like everyone else here
picking up a transexual hooker
making pasta
missing the oral portion of my spanish final
mistaking a stranger for my friend
burying my face in my mom's crotch pillow.
eating dinner last night
masturbating until my house broke
enjoying myself too much at a kid's playground
having a tainted dollar in my pocket when a military drug dog came through.
not going to the doctors
misspelling the name of the person i have a job interview with
getting an eyelash out of my eye.
trying to be cool with a lesbian girl
asking a girl if she has a sister...
popping a zit
spraying my privates with hair spray.
trying on clothes.
; moving a wardrobe.
shredding my buddy's knee ligaments
riding a bike into a pool
forgot my mom's birthday. need help!
failing to realize i was not listening to a voicemail.
ripped a girl's shirt off
pouring drain cleaner in my blocked kitchen sink that ending up exploding the pipes under it and pouring burning acid over my slate floor - that is now bubbling away.
trying something i read on reddit and ruining an orgasm from a good handy that i drove 500 miles for.
calling my self-conscious friend fat.
slapping a really lazy fly just roaming around on my nuts.
twice in two days.
buying coffee for a girl that ended up costing me $3000
getting semen on my sister-in-law's pants
farting
cleaning my macbook keyboard
thinking i could snort a 5p coin.
leaving the door unlocked
lost my home because of a couch surfer.
shutting down the phones and internet of a multi-million dollar company for 4 hours.
not acknowledging that i am gay, by trying to sleep with another woman who is beautiful, smart and awesome; and having that come crashing with the realization that i can't even get it up.
knocking over an old woman in a shopping mall and stealing from her.
so much vomit...
and put a grandpa in jail
pissing in my friends bed
spending 8 hours in a 45c heatwave no sunscreen
asking my college professor in front of the whole class what the difference was between a shirt and t-shirt.
accidentally describing a sexual fetish in french to a room full of native speakers
intentionally being an asshole to someone who i thought was someone else.
removing my sd card
ruining my life
with random acts of pizza
telling my bi-polar, depressed, possibly suicidal roommate to kill herself.
with youtube tvqueue
reminding my depresseed dad that he's unemployed
eating extremely spicy wings
almost fucking a friend while she was wasted.
farting during a blowjob
breaking my femur the weekend before i was supposed to get surgery on my femur
broke a window in my car.
forgetting my phone
bringing sodium into a lunchroom.
getting high and breaking up with my girlfriend
breaking bad news to my mom on mother's day.
at lunch
being uncoordinated/ignorant/stupid. twice.
took a shower and my friend forgot a card.
blacking out whilst meeting my long distance so's friends for the first time
setting off a smoke alarm
ruined my phone
eating a mashed potato bowl
doing a beer can chicken on the bbq.
broke my arm while arm-wrestling, paralyzing my wrist and fingers in the process.
trying to slide over the hood of a car
putting tabasco on my balls nsfw]
telling my boss to go f*ck himself.
grabbing the wrong end of the soldering iron.
trusted my cousin who can't speak english to pull through at the craft show, and my relationship was ruined.
getting a post-it stuck between my front teeth
going on tumblr in the college library..
doing skype sexy time
forgetting to put water on a \"microwaveable\" ramen bowl
today i fucked up spray painting
unleashing cosmic karmic poop on myself.
pooping on my boyfriend's rug
eating watermelon like a child.
i made a friend laugh and vomit simultaneously
leaving my car at a bank
destroying my gaming mouse.
flashing my entire family.
trusting a fart.
outing mine and my girlfriends breakup
scrubbing off sunburn blisters (on my face/scalp) in the shower.
ordering original chicken instead of zinger chicken at kfc
eating hummus
introducing a senator
update, pics of my pinkie i cut with a chop saw
responding to the wrong person on facebook
trying to let my cat eat a piece of gristle hanging out of my mouth.
dropping hot mac 'n cheese on my dick.
playing league of legends
wife might leave me.
drinking az fruit punch
calling a cab
having pot
showing my dad kanye west's new album, \"yeezus.\"
popping a pimple near my eye.
making caramel corn, drunk.
feeding a feral dog
sitting in a convenient chair. rant]-(ish)
27 mins ago
drunk texting
timing my exit from chipotle...
asking if you can kill hookers.
dropping my lighter on my foot.
falling out of my truck
sitting on a couch
i am the stinky fish girl
calling the locksmith instead of my superintendant when the lock fell out of my door
being honest in class
getting arrested for walking into my friend's house
trusting a fart.
drunkenly answering my friends business phone.
i didn't ask for the hot perfect girl's number after flirting with me for 2 hours
masturbating when i didn't have the time to masturbate
smoking the reefer
letting my son sleep in his swimsuit
bloody hell
mixing my family and bdsm. nsfw
letting my ego get the best of me.
sending a screenshot of a girl's tweet to her
eating something that i shouldn't have. (spoiler alert: it was a bug, and it was kinda intentional...)
leaving my phone behind
calling the cops on an innocent man.
trying to take a nap.
letting my little brother use my computer.
cheating during a final
accidentally drinking prune juice and shitting my pants at work as a middle school teacher.
getting alcohol poisoning during beer week.
failing a major exam
being \"super smooth\".
leaving beavis and butt-head on tv
cutting jalapenos and then taking a leak.
mentioning the word jockstrap in a swimming changing room.
failing two classes. that brings the grand total to 4.
for a number of reasons... all because i didn't do my laundry.
leaving for work 5 minutes late.
diverting my cat's vomit
picking up a shift for a coworker.
accidentally seeming to come on to a friend (both girls) and she freaked out. have you ever done this?
making my boyfriend think i want to have sex with other guys
laughing mid-blowjob.
my vigina lips got streached out and now my v looks messed up
failing one of my final exams in college].
trying to rescue some tits. with pictures]
lighting my hand on fire
trimming my nose hair.
trying to hit an itch
almost paralyzing my friend.
asking a widow how her valentine's day was
started a fire in my garage loft.
getting semen everywhere nsfw language]
cutting my boyfriends penis.
wearing light gray shorts on a hot day
locking my car while it was running.
taking my sleep meds this morning instead of my anxiety meds...
reporting my car stolen to the police when, in fact, i had just forgotten where i parked it.
i shifted late and blew my transmission, starting a culmination of events that inevitably left me homeless (temporarily), single and completely stripped of all my pride and belongings.
falling asleep during the sat's
putting eight hundred dollars toward my phone bill.
harming an innocent little mole, which might die now
nearly killing myself with insulin.
telling a black guy to go back to africa.
wearing the wrong underwear to work (nsfw-language)
sitting outside of class.
using too much oil on the sausage
taking an ambien in the middle of the day.
got banned from riding my bus.
forgetting to check a plug and not paying attention to my trash can
talking to a dolphin
fb friending a girl at work who i was just starting to know better
making peach cobbler. i used baking soda instead of baking powder (flour.)
getting blackout drunk
taking a spill at a wedding.
vomiting on the interstate.
trying to see the aurora borealis.
trying to show my wife the biggest poop i ever created...
smashing into the neighbors' car.
thinks i broke my computer.
driving drunk.
dozed off for one second while driving
getting a boner at the park with my gf.
agreeing to do the pledge
soiling a pair of expensive underwear and leggings.
telling a 4 year old girl to take her shirt off
accidentally reminding a friend of his miscarriage.
getting folded during squats.
drinking a dead mouse
drying my face with the toilet rag.
thinking i could run a business and sent some very important people wrong sizes.
taking my sister too literal.
trying to stealthily take a photo of a cute neighbor's feet
having a fucked up dream
accidentally throwing my keys in a dumpster.
sending nudes to my mom.
while bridge jumping.
scraping the thin layer of ice off of my car windshield with my car keys.
losing a mcrib in my house.
going hot-tubing with my phone
getting pissed
sitting down on the toilet.
leaving my vibrator in a visible location.
trying to impress a girl.
sneezing mid-piss.
exploding a hole into my ceiling with a vacuum-sealed coffee tumbler full of vinegar and baking soda.
swatting at a fat ass fly in my house.
leaving a candle burning
letting my cat sleep with me
making my friend miss her international flight home from japan
changing my own oil
making tea in an apple sauce jar
going into work hungover
getting the \"finishing blow\".
standing up to my boss
blowing up a balloon only part of the way
going to tell a girl i liked her.
taking a nap under a table at work
my bowels
killing my landlord's dog.
have 11 pages of journals due tommorow, and have 1 page done.
throwing the condom in the bin
doing a wee-wee behind the school piano.
trying to be a nice guy.
walking in front of an ambulance.
tifu... reddit, i come to you after having just painted my vagina purple...
puking in my boss' car.
got a job offer rescinded
\u201csleeping 10 minutes in\u201d
using the wrong creme
almost eating moldy bread...
pouring an entire pack of mio into my bottle of water
planning my senior prom without realizing it all is scheduled to happen the same night as a mandatory stage performance.
smoking weed for the first time in 3 years.
i told my sister i didn't believe in jesus and that he was a myth, she excommunicated me from her life.
told my ex that i'm seeing someone new
list of the most used words in /r/tifu!
i made the mistake of getting out of the cab.
getting high and forgetting potential renters were coming to view my apartment.
sleepwalking into my sister's bedroom.
shitting my pants, twice in one night
tifupdate, slept through my midterm
fapped at work.
inadvertently taking the family van mudding
not checking if i locked the porta-potty door
baking wax paper into a pizza.
almost pulling my dick off
running out of ritalin
asking my gf why it took 2 weeks to cremate her recently deceased dog.
kneeing my girlfriend in the face during sex
shitting in the wilderness.
telling yo momma jokes to a kid with no mother.
not closing the bathroom door.
pocket dialed a couple people
pissing on my grandmas nightstand.
eating too many jalapenos.
with a girl i really like, who's also a really good friend of mine. i don't know what to do, what to say or how to feel. i desperately need some help and advice.
going to work
sent my name, photos, address, and phone number over a craigslist scam.
in the shower.
damaging my girlfriend's car
not dancing with my girlfriend on her birthday
spraying deodorant on my nipples, lighting them on fire, and then quickly flicking them.
fingering lamps
playing flag football.
belittled wife
i've been using my mothers razor to shave my face.
not studying for a final.
getting drunk and high on molly at the bar where i work and getting fired
oversleeping the doctor's appointment i set to determine why i'm always oversleeping
i accidentally flashed my boss
sending a text about my gf... to my gf...
ignoring the \"cracking\" sound of my chair while browsing tifu
submitting my bursary application too late.
trying to do too many things
breaking off my only friendship.
overloaded moments
riding a rollercoaster.
lost my protection
insulting special needs children.
not going to the bathroom before going on a hike pics included]
she now has brain damage...
shat myself
shooting my friend's sister with a firework
making my grandma cry and noticeably not feeling bad
failing to check the sheets before sex.
because of a late night masturbation session.
spending more than an hour making powerpoint slides for the wrong case.
stands for? meta]
sliding off the toilet seat carelessly
telling a girl i don't love and and ending up naked having sex 5 seconds later...
t(this 4th)ifu trying to light fireworks for my kid
in a casino restaurant.
last night my friend and i saved some cute girls from a creeper, a bit later they invited us to a party. we didn't want to ditch our friends and missed out...big time. tifu
misspelling \"desert\" as \"dessert\" onto translate and gave an entire speech in spanish on the \"inhabitable sahara dessert\" and its colonization.
crapped myself in front of an audience.
accidentally being anti-semitic
spilling whiskey all over a 70 year old lady at a football game.
ordering peanut butter chicken.
accidentally being racist.
trying to break up with my gf at the worst time
not shitting
making morbid comments about a son when his mother was in the other room.
slapping a remote on my stomach
calling a girl the wrong name
coming out of the closet with two of my friends
hiding my shitty grades from my father.
wanking with my door open
not paying my tuition on time
being a trap.
taking a nap listening to a rain noise app on my phone
covering my room in fluorescent spray paint
peeing on someone.
having a fetish
using spray sunscreen on a windy day
clicking a suggestion by google which makes me look completely like a pedophile.
my family seeing what i really do for work
forgetting my access cards at work when i went for a break, and i'm the only person in the building.
eating sunflower seeds, including the shells.
wiping my ass with fiberglass insulation.
having a wet dream too
pooped my pants in my husbands car...
accidentally breaking a condom filled with water on the couch and having letting people believe that it was dog piss.
giving myself a black eye.
doing my job the \"right\" way
blowing up my nephew and accidentally reenacting the battle of vimy ridge on my front lawn.
going commando
singling out a kid's disability
drinking too much water
referring to the top of my wife's ass as the \"northern hemisphere\"
brushing my teeth with hair gel
scorching my nipple
missing a deadline
having my mom find my drugs...
burning my genitals with 100% acetone.
going commando at work
giving a homeless person too much money while on acid
i was shaving my face.
i was caught smoking on the way to school in the back of the bus. (read more)
telling my boss, \"you're a big boy, you can do it\"
raging too hard
greeting my neighbour
no paying attention while pooping
spilling deer piss on myself
at my promotion meeting for a high salary position..nsfw]
saying \"i love you\" to a girl i barely knew
trying to meet a friend for lunch
getting up too fast.
trying to rescue a cat
eating too quickly
decorating the trees with turkey
got my testicles stuck. out of curiosity, i removed the screw on top to one of those 60 pieces of gum containers, and put my testicles inside it to jack off. now its stuck, and hurts too bad to pull it off. help me please.
locking myself outside of the house overnight
driving my automatic car in '2' gear while driving 70 mph on the highway
nearly breaking my spine
not removing an obama-biden 2012 bumper sticker from a used car i recently paid off.
getting my first ever parking ticket
turning on a tap
fucking up the axis.
today i called out a \"vanirra latte\" to an interracial couple
letting a house valuer know that my mum's property has termites.
trying to keep my phone safe by putting it in a solo cup full of vodka.
trusting the internet
having morning sex
faking being sick for over two weeks and failing the first semester of my 10th grade year.
not looking through the peephole.
asking my aunt if she would smoke pot if it was legal.
helping out at a chili cook-off
moaning at work
millions of people worldwide saw me picking my nose
tying my shoes
tifu! i'm an idiot. got my dates mixed up.
a case of a good babysitting gig gone horrific.
getting my beard trapped in the zip of a jacket whilst trying it on in a busy store.
coming to this subreddit.
letting my sister ride my horse..
stating one of my weaknesses
got a female i hate pregnant
making a snow fort, and the police got involved.
leaving my medicine kit at the office...
puking in a girls bed
leaving open a box full of snacks worth 60 dollars
trying to give food to a homeless.
i submitted this to my professor
putting soap in my blender to clean it.
told my 12 year old brother to \"calm his tits\" while in the car with our mother and my two young children.
driving to school.
standing in a room of noxious chemicals.
gave myself a hitler hickey.
embarassing myself infront of my crush :(
knocked myself on the head w a coffee cup
telling my dad \"your mom.\"
broken condom
putting my fingers in my mouth.
slapping a girls ass
learned that a hair razor, even with a guard (no. 1) can take a gouge out of your ballsack!
leaving my door open while at school
lighting a bonfire before checking the barrel
flooding one of the most expensive pieces of machinery in my lab
forgetting her birthday
not only missing one final exam, but two.
trying to use a tampon.
choosing my words poorly.
calling a fat girl an ape.
making cinnamon toast
photocopying hundreds of pages incorrectly.
falling asleep
trusting some questionable pepperoni.
walking in on my girlfriend shitting all over the floor
getting caught \"cyber cheating\". advice reddit?
walking on blazing hot asphalt barefoot.
accidentally swallowing shampoo! warning: this is much worse than what you expect!
crashing my gf's car
preventing a possible rape.
not wearing underwear
told this guy that i hoped he had \"an awesome time\" while taking care of his sick dad.
accidentally telling my waitress i was giving her a quarter tip.
thinking i was better
wearing dress pants to my great grandma's funeral
using porn to attempt to play a prank on my little brother.
paying for pizza
buying an onion.... five months ago.
pantsed myself in the schools hallway
i attempted to compliment a co-worker.
relevant xpost from r/funny
i didn't shit myself.
going to the music festival big day out and get fired because of it.
leaving a watermelon under my bed for a week.
dealing a massive blow to my boyfriend's ego
drinking my friends spit cup for chewing tobacco.
losing my temper violently
farting in front of my not-yet-boyfriend and his two friends
people say, \"don't stick your dick in crazy\"...
slipping on the floor and shitting myself.
pissing in my laundry basket
obliterated a condom in an untimely manner
shirting my pants in my boyfriend's brand new car.
running into a door
telling an indian bloke i love him.
not checking the garbage disposal before running it.
eating half of a baumkuchen with dehumidifying powder
losing a flash drive at school
threatening to beat someone up with a stop sign i pulled out of the ground.
not telling her the surprise.
snotting on my wife's nose.
buying a tv at a garage sale.
accidentally sending my friend furry porn
trying to light a plastic, battery powered candle.
giving his grandma a handshake
eating chicken wings from a pizza shop
farting too hard and getting a hemorrhoid.
urinating on myself while on the job.
leaving a bike outside.
taking a client on a business picnic
farting on my massage therapist
showing off my taxidermy fox.
clicking a spacedicks link
falling in a frozen creek with a camera i didn't own
thinking a guy calling me was one of those annoying recording phone calls
spraying liquid ass in a port-o-potty
bullying a 5 year old.
getting caught short on a train..
got white-van scammed
getting an allergic reaction to pussy on my pussy
accidentally calling a chubby guy fat.
letting a gorgeous girl go without making any moves
going on an egg salad sandwich lunch obsession for a couple of months
overestimating my bladder
writing an essay on fat rights
inhaling water flavouring
i was trying to sing the wheels on the bus and i accidentally said \"the whores on the bus\"
elbowing my friend in the face while trying to boost her self-esteem.
texting my dad i wanted to have sex with him...
getting 50+ students iss
releasing a plague on my housemates
emailing fetish pictures of myself to my boyfriend's mom instead of him.
my friends mind.
deleting some files.
playing soccer
changing my college major for the second time
drinking jack3d
doubting a \"friend\" was in the hospital.
running over a sock with my vacuum cleaner
making a racist gesture to a black co-worker
so i got fired last night
anesthetizing my clitoris...
forgetting my beer in the shower
cock blocking myself
i accidentally showed my boss porn on my photo stream on my ipad
skipping an important step when cooking...
submitting a page of obscenities for my final exam.
trying to clean the carpet..
at the chiropractor's office
trying to comply with elderly women who were breaking the rules.
flunked my freshman year.
breaking up a dog fight!
gambling on a dense, wet, gnarly fart.
running out of gas.
falling asleep with gum in my mouth
losing over 900 dollars at an airport.
changing a wallpaper on a windows computer, and nearly getting fired.
showing a funny video of a teacher shooting students, to a friend who's been through a school shooting.
making disabled people jokes in front of a dangerous looking old man.
talking to a girl that my friend was trying to get
getting an address wrong
giving blood.
answering my sister's phone.
leaving the window open
reading a book
not going to college because of family issues.
messing with my system variables and deleting the path variable...
smoking too much weed
had a good okc thing going, then i got too drunk in a comfort zone.
taking a snapchat stories of myself naked
doing a dirty great shit, in my pants, in the living room, in front of my whole family, for no discernible reason.
trusting a fart while watching hockey
flirting with two 17-year-olds
downloading a beemo app to use as my alarm clock
over fueling an aircraft and stopping a flight.
flushing chunks of meat and potatoes down the toilet
sending my prof a one-lined email about poop transfusions
straddling a rubbish bin
trying to save my family from contaminated water
playing a thinkgeek practical joke. the canadian fbi was called and i nearly killed my 17-year career.
gf jacking off in her friend's bathroom
spilling weed juice all over the last card my new wife got from her deceased great-grandmother.
letting the past four years catch up to me.
accidentally calling an officer a pig
drinking enough vodka for several people.
shaving my balls in the shower
taking two stackers, a 5h energy and drinking coffee...
jacking off for two hours.
setting myself on fire.
dying my hair.
hired a hooker
crying at work.
because my father and brother have the same name
doing a pull up
relieving some stress during my break
shaving my crotch
letting my daughter play in her shit.
sharting myself in bed next to my girlfriend
getting in a fight in my dream.
leaving my old phone laying in the living room while i was at work.
going to paris: letting two boys eiffel tower me.
dumbass me got on somebody's facebook and posted 8=d~
accidentally smoking hash during my lunch break and now i'm sitting in my office baked & useless
using my parking brake after not using it for several months
going to sleep last night with my nicotine patch on.
going for a drive..
using my iphone at breakfast
spilling coffee all over myself right before an interview.
purchasing (on ambien) not 1, but two food trucks for a total of $53,860. i do not even cook.
licking my friends finger.
pissing all over my mothers drapes. (pics included)
at work
shittiest airplane ride ever
flushing condoms down the toilet
drinking fireball
taking laxatives before going to a sleepover.
pouring engine oil into my power steering reservoir.
googling an ex's new husband
playing ilbts instead of ymca
making sexy times too loud
listening to music with my girlfriend.
quickly trying to trim my pubes.
possible tearing the cords of my eyeball.
traumatizing my urethra.
driving through a funeral procession
accidentally drinking alcohol underage
taking a hot shower
dropping crickets all over my room.
eating at long john silver's
forgetting a friend of 5 years name.
not thinking clearly
trying to discreetly buy a cooch buzzer.
shorting out my truck
leaning back too far in my desk chair.
at my birthday.
forgetting my girlfriend's birthday.
tifu.....bad.
covering a faggot in petrol and lighting a match
vomiting into a porta potty
offering an old lady a seat on the bus and tripping.
looking up an old female \"friend\"
sending an email to a potential employer from my boyfriend's email on accident
uploading an image to imgur with my mom next to me.
pulling an april fools joke
having sex with my girlfriend
having an inappropriate desktop background at an important business meeting
taking my coffee to the bathroom
drinking a coffee.
having unprotected sex.
losing the dog...
ruined my chances with a potential girl friend
\"updating\" my vm
accidentally smoking meth.
playing airplane with my friends 3 year old.
using the bathroom.
getting horny around dildos
leaving my butt toys under my mattress
had to vacuum a colony of ants out of my car
cleaning my hamster's cage
using cheesy pickup lines on an elementary school teacher.
ordering at moe's, i asked for a joey bag o' dicks, instead of a joey bag o' donuts.
not going to the bathroom before my morning run
my relationship
stepping in puppy shit...barefoot. innocent mistake?...
cutting 75% though my pinkie
narrowly avoiding shiting myself... and wiping my ass with poison ivy instead.
always running away from my problems
snapchatting a dick pic to my girlfriend... and her friend.
cutting jalape\u00f1os and scratching my balls!
diving for my bed and missing.
i told the girl i like benzodrunk in rage of texts my feelings
eating a bag of bacon jerky, buffalo jerky, bag of wasabi trailmix, half a bag of wasabi trailmix, 280g of wasabi peas, and a ramen bowl in one day
not paying attention while slicing cabbage
accepting a counterfeit bill
getting food poisoning and ruining christmas.
tearing a page out of a library book
eating it in front of the girl i like--and a movie theater full of people.
drinking beer and using smokeless tobacco
dipping my phone in my own lube.
can of musterd' went sour. i couldn't sleep for hours.
trying to get rid of ants
taking naked photos and making a video of me touching myself without realizing the blinds were wide open.
getting drunk and telling all of my friends that meatspin.com is awesome and that they should look it up sometime.
watching a whole episode of 7th heaven
having a sudden urge to play pokemon
telling a girl she was too heavy when i failed to drunkenly pick her up
making a bad joke
misfiring my love gun and engaging in friendly fire
thinking my english final was on friday.
accidentally sending my college into shelter-in-place.
wanking with chilli oil
farting and shitting my pants
making one tiny typo.
masturbating.
i let a female friend walk home alone when i chose to accompany another friend instead
being stubborn
texting my boss instead of my brother.
scratching myself then getting distracted.
showing my bereaved friend the wrong rap battle.
laughing at a gory picture in front of people.
raising my leg to fart
ordering bacon on a date
jumping on the bed.
me again, come to report on the unfortunate saga of poor, poor stan. this time i did not see him naked or throw lube at him.
sexting my father. nsfw]
burning my dog.
chipping my tooth with my laptop
lurking my boss on facebook
saying my fianc\u00e9es friend couldn't be pregnant then saying she was pregnant
ripped my pants
carrying on driving
referencing star wars in history class
a video
failing a stats midterm
handing newport's to a black man that didn't ask for them.
not knowing my crush had a boyfriend...
closing a door
sending a text message to the wrong phone number
crashing my friends bmw in an empty parking lot
not looking before i sat on the toilet
swallowing listerine mouthwash because i instinctively thought it was a shot of alcohol.
\"shitless\" week.
inadvertently telling my friend that i had a massive crush on his prom date, straining our relationship even further.
walking miles past my job interview, and i also walked into a big meeting.
getting a boner around kids.
thinking the 27th was tomorrow and not today.
i sent a link to a gay bondage video to my roommate.
shitting my pants at work
trying to get rid of fruit flies in my kitchen
whats your pro life tips learnt the hard way.
gf fuck up
putting of that niggling feeling of needing to poop for 5 hours.
pissing my pants at work and throwing my underwear out the window.
having the cops check out my parked car because i was giving a blowjob and got a flat tire because i was giving a handjob.
twice when an old lady came into the er with ticks inside her vagina.
playing with my dog
getting a wiffle ball stuck in my vagina
almost breaking my computer
yo momma joke with the wrong people
scaring the crap out of some young hoodlums.
skipping my morning dump to not be late.
having sex in a shower during a frat party
having a swat team show up at work
in the intensive care unit.
letting my opinion out on off my chest...
update \"i lost the store $1000\"
forgetting to edit a video for a group project in school
leaving my bike outside
photoshoping my movies drive
hurting my wife and i'm scared that it may cause a divorce
my opening my mouth
assuming a girl i haven't seen in years was pregnant.
not closing my door.
creating a 3rd partition in the osx disk utility.
unknowingly pissing on my trousers at university
being interrupted jerking off by my little sister.
cooking my toaster.
dropped my phone in the toilet. with poop still in it.
letting my friend drink from my empty piss cup
putting a letter in my pocket
shaved my balls
flushing a toilet
feeding a customer a dog biscuit
jacking off with a bloody hand
my friend video taping me peeing in my fridge
vomiting in front of a hot girl
masturbating with spicy hands
the other day, i got hold of a science test, and posted it online, now i think my teacher knows...
lost the greatest girl i know over some old nudes pictures i had received.
forgetting my room mate has asthma with a smoke machine prank where he thought his room was on fire and broke his bedroom window trying to escape
i saw sarah jessica parker.
going to work in a good mood.
making sure the counter stayed at 0000
not checking the model number on a part
gave the pizza delivery guy a 19 dollar tip.
getting ready for \"the rocky horror picture show\"
letting a girl i didn't know i had diarrhea.
doing a phone interview while driving
pissing on a fly.
deleting my mothers voicemail
guessing wrong age on co-workers birthday
called my ex and left multiple messages after taking ambien last night
post office edition
texting the wrong person.
i am not a smart man
with a mailbox.
putting weed in the wrong car...
not making sure the bathroom door was shut all the way.
drunkenly skeeting on my girlfriend's disabled mother
made the girl i like cry
almost burning my house down.
hitting the random button on reddit too much.
going outside without checking the door
having sex with my girlfriend on christmas day.
not checking my documents twice before printing.
having a cold, and thinking it was a good idea to take some nyquil .
trying to take care of a pesky bees nest,
dropping my laptop
going the wrong funeral and paid my last respects to a complete stranger.
showing my girlfriend how to reddit
messaging my friend.
trying to be nice and got labeled as a creep
fixing my shower with glue
trying chewing tobacco could use help as well]
trying to squeeze in.
not ensuring the driving test booking website i was on was the right one.
tried to be a tough younger sister
asking the phone number of the mother of the girl i would like to know
showed a coworker a pic from r/funny not realizing until too late that it was quite racist.
shaving my legs
telling my co-worker she would make a good stripper.
lost the store over $1000
gave a woman on plenty of fish my cell number
trying to talk to someone interested in what i was doing.
burning my middle finger on my cars rotor.
speaking
choking my boyfriend out while sitting on his face. nsfw
not ensuring the clear liquid in the water bottle on my kitchen bench was water.
because i couldn't tell the difference betweeen dreams and reality.
not letting somebody overtake
making my mom sob in ikea
leaving a condom at my uncle's.
messaging strangers.
crushing my boyfriend's dick-related self esteem
taking my dad on an atv ride.
farting on my boyfriend
helicopter dicking too hard
accidentally stripping myself
i swore publically at a mentally disabled man.
blacking out and vomiting everywhere
handling my balls without washing my hands after cleaning 20 habanero peppers
accidentally making a joke about my sic neighbor.
going on the wrong tour bus.
talking smack about my housemate
making the mods delete /r/creepy
improperly handling a bloody nose while sick at work.
straight up wiping my ass with poison ivy
misplacing my handgun.
brushing my teeth with preparation h
trying to save my shower beer.
trying to be nice to the class
overestimating my digestive system
losing my passport.
having a one night stand
talking to my coworker
trying to clean my saxophone
trying to take a shit
inhaling curry powder
shitting myself while sleeping, twice.
fisting my new neighbor's hot tea.
sleeping through my alarm before a midterm
having terrible luck with electronics.
showing my students porn
pouring acid into the toilet
forgetting that i'm lactose intolerant
drinking purple drank
peeling a layer off my eye
using masturbating with a lube containing menthol and petrolatum.
showing my mum porn.
accidentally playing an extremely vlugar, homoerotic redditor made song to my extremely prude, religious family
sharing food with a coworker.
losing $500...
getting drunk before a rave.
celebrated my birthday...
my friend accidentally took a photo of me pissing.
drinking coffee with no lid.
making a video zoom in
letting cashier bag my $25 gift card
getting brony jizz on myself and caused me to be late for class. (longish)
attempting to swim... with out knowing how to swim....
mowing over a roll of fencing
leaving lsd in my fridge
flunking university
by: jogging in the park with a scumbag anus
trying to force out a fart (continued)
smoking weed
microwaving my mum's sharpie.
destroyed a guy's nose
balls and hot peppers...
kicking my cat down the stairs
waking my gf up with sex
not wearing pants
buying new earphones
pumping gasoline into a diesel truck
pissing on my friend's dog.
having a wet dream.
blemishing my friend's mint car interior.
automatically backing up my photos to dropbox.
masturbating with a razor nsfw]
liking a picture on instagram of nothing but a girl's ass in a bikini.
getting a hit & run
trying to make a blended ice mocha
\"stealing\" my good friend's boyfriend
trying to have sex with my girlfriend after a surgery
knocking a girl out and punching her boyfriend
not properly disposing of my \"clean-up towel\"
crapping in my so's house
i realized that i hadn't submitted the provincial portion of my tax return which is going to delay my student loan
subscribing to imgoingtohellforthis
partaking in herb
selling my old phone to a friend without deleting all the nudes of girlfriend
my boyfriend's dad saw my tits
not checking my voicemail
gambling online
not beating my husband to the bathroom.
having a cyst removed.
attempting to use the bathroom
ordering pork belly sliders.
shooting through our tv and living room window.
not muting my computer..
putting french fries in my car's air vent
missing the bus
sending some misunderstood texts, resulting in panic... then lots of hugs.
failing my driving test for the second time
buying a cheaper bottle of lighter fluid
sleeping through a company wide (global) teleconference where i could have helped plan the future of the company
fucking a jar of relish
closing my laptop
insulting my father
breaking the one rule i had for the first day back to college: don't blurt out something stupid in class.
trusting a fart
enjoying my shower gel just a little too much.
eating from the communal food area
pissing all over my boyfriend's grandma's bathroom and on her hand-embroidered hand towels.
going on tifu
belching in a customer's face
i puked on a child
talking to my girlfriend about my feelings.
pissing in my sock drawer
eating too much chinese food in china
locking myself out of the gym and my car
not letting the dog out.
leaving an empty condom wrapper on my parents' bedroom floor.
misdirecting a threat to my friend girl's dad
attempting to deepthroat a hot dog
left my college, job, and the us to live as a child with my family.
taking a shower
watching a horror movie next to the window.
giving myself food poisoning
realized i missed one of my auto insurance payments
looking at suggestive magazines.
fucking my roommates little sister, while he was still in the room
loudly singing \"dick in a box\" while i ran.
shaving in a rush.
pooping in a clogged toilet the week i moved in with my boyfriend
forgetting i took a laxative
in a college party.
rubbing a weta on my balls
setting off a bomb scare in downtown albuquerque.
shitting myself because a chair went up my ass.
shitting in my girlfriend's bathroom.
missing deadlines and a one-in-a-lifetime event
trying to get a wank in while my roommate (and most recent ex) and her boyfriend was still home.
agreeing to a blowjob while my gf went to pee.
because i'm too clever for my own good
pantsing my friend
painting my car doors shut.
shitting my pants on an hour long bus tour.
breaking both of my wrists
accidentally leaking a personal sex tape via limewire 7 years ago. nsfw]
dropping my doritos locos taco...
going on r/nsfw at work
cock-blocking.
masterbating.
believing my kid, then getting caught in a traffic jam.
not knowing how to react
first losing my bank card and then my other cards too.
ruining my life
not explaining how to care for cast iron pans to my new roommates.
sleepwalking
getting kinky.
staking out a building 12ft off.
watching freaks and geeks
sending the wrong email
almost causing a car crash.
leaving my front door open...
putting my tooth through my lip.
eating guacamole
shoving a mechanical pencil down my urethra very nsfw
ruining the last year i had with my girlfriend in high school
making my cat into a vomit comit
kicked a weeaboo in the cooch
learning my music can break glass
resubmitting an order to sell my stock when the website was having major issues.
sleeping with my gf's best friend
thought his mom was his dad
shitting all over my bedroom and putting it in a bottle
ruining my favorite panties...
blowing my chances with an awesome girl.
cutting my hair
organizing a guest speaker, making the professor lose confidence in the speaker because i self-deprecated, then making the guest pissed that her time was cut in half.
not properly anchoring a boat
driving a sunfire
my girlfriend said she didn't feel attractive
dry sex
reading
do i reset the counter or?
falling for my best friends ex-girlfriend
getting a staple out of a cork board.
shitting myself
cooking the skin off of my fingers.
being a nosy d**k!
trying to disinfect a scab
being an inconsiderate asshole
going to an exam at the wrong time
on a field trip.
taking shrooms and going to a tanning salon...
with my glasses.
drinking coffee with a mysterious \"surprise\" from my cat (+ visual proof)
having sex with my best platonic friend
reset the counter
scoring a \"2010\" on the sat.
going through my husbands messages.
breaking up eith my gf
masturbating with conditioner
spitting chinese food on a co-worker
my macbook pro just met hot coffee. it was a definite turn-off.
farting in the shower.
blaming my daughter for something done by someone else
trying to cure a hangover with a donut.
believing that i can get back with my ex into a relationship(another heartbreak story) /relapse
jumping in place.
carrying my butterfly knife trainer on me today
driving two hours only to end up where i started
accidentally taking an adderall when i meant to take a tylenol pm
locking my leg on a trampoline.
sending a naked picture of myself to my grandpa
smoking four joints, drinking a bottle of bourbon, and eating ribs after 12 years of vegetarianism.
making out with my cousin in a graveyard.
giving my uncle a haircut.
drinking a nice big can of my own diseased phlegm
smacking a teenage boy at the movies.
fisting
misreading a schedule and and as a result failing the majority of my classes.
using shampoo rather than lube nsfw]
drinking coffee right before i was going to sleep.
beating a customer with a banana at work.
i ate leftover taco bell for breakfast, chased it with dark roast coffee.
telling my graduate school professor to call me daddy.
drinking piss.
not knowing a term i used refers to sexually involved gay men.
using ms paint.
being creepy online, i think
eating a sandwich.
accepting a thing of water during an interview.
leaving my phone's volume on.
making fun of down syndrome to my boss who has a child with down syndrome.
accidentally finding porn my dad made with his girlfriend on his phone.
trying to make the most of my morning
putting a very important item in the worst possible place.
shitting in a disconnected toilet bowl.
asking a super sexy walmart employee where gushers were.
realizing what i went college for isn't for me. $100,000 later..
running into a girl, causing her to get a concussion, and sidelining her from sports.
jacking off after eating at buffalo wild wings
eating fried fish from the local convenience store
telling my boss my colleague wasn't sick...
while at school
using ear wax removal.
letting out a massive fart while trying not to fall down.
not paying attention to my dog
getting in reddit
eating a kit-kat bar that expired seven months ago.
rickrolling the entire hospital i work for.
buying my partner a punching bag (heavy bag+speed ball) for valentine's day...
\"in the past, i fucked up\"
sending staggering beauty to my office's international counterparts over skype.
almost breaking up a family
ti(also)fu (5 years ago) when my first gf told me she loved me
not taking 4 minutes to verify a list and possibly screwing over about 15 people.
showing my mother pictures of her granddaughter
having hardcore porn on my laptop screen while sitting in the second row of class
giving the worst response imaginable to \"i love you\"
saying my college teacher didn't know what she was talking about in her lectures... with her standing behind me.
lying and stealing.
eating ten ounces of fish with an already questionable stomach.
but in actuality i fucked up one day two years in a row.
wearing a thong.
getting a virus
eating leftovers
on the subject of karma.
opening a window
falling for my own april fool's joke
dumping a 24oz. beer over an 8 yr. old girls head.
after seeing my middle school crush for the first time in six years. (reposted due to incorrect title)
having my back turned
driving through a puddle of rotten, stagnant, food-waste water.
shitting on the bus
tried to jump a fence
spilling coffee all over me while waiting to cross the street
laughing at a wwi powerpoint.
having a pint
getting into a fender bender.
making change for a fake $50 @ the local mall. still won!
trying to zip my boyfriend's penis.
getting spicy ramen broth in my eye ball.
slicing off a dime size piece of my finger tip
projectile shitting on a bush and a roof
peeing in the stall and getting piss water in my eye.
not glueing a pvc pupe properly at a job site and flooded 2 rooms with about a foot of water
reminding my friend of how she was raped multiple times.
not really paying attention to a text
fell asleep naked with my kitten in the room...
misusing my toothbrush
how come there hasn't been a \"fuck up of the week\" for a month now?
getting shampoo on my johnson
telling a fellow student how to copy&paste.
chugging a gallon of milk
letting my friends play on my ps3 causing one of them them to destroy it after losing (video)
eating 1.6 litres of ice cream, on my work break.
celebrating a fifa goal and breaking my friend's xbox.
going to the dentist.
with my girlfriend's mother over skype
almost cut my ring finger off
not sleeping enough
driving home at 2am
i don't even know...
laughing at an inappropriate time
cooking chinese food
using the lavatory on the airplane
leaving my beloved toy on the plane.
backing out of my garage
racist, accidentally.
buying beer and having no more money to go see my grandfather in his last moments of life.
leaving the dog gate open (nsfw)
falling asleep
orgasming a little too hard.
trying to be nice to a stranger.
telling a woman with a prosthetic hand it looked like it hurt
with my driving
bye rubbing chili peppers in my mustache
buying the clean version of the new eminem album
skipping school to have sexy times with my boy friend
having sex with a minor
making a girl i was trying to date cry and make transport porn with a girl i dont even know
wiping my dick with a disinfectant wipe
saying someone was too fat to be a crack-head
doing a midterm problem correctly, then rewriting the answer more legibly incorrectly
attempting to set our 'atomic' clock
accidentally grabbing a girls left tit
getting arrested and losing my firm two million dollars in clients.
not shutting my pie-hole.
stripping on front of all of my coworkers.