 confuse a 5th grade girl for a boy in front of half of her class. kids are mean. sorry sandra.
i found my estranged dad, thought i loved him after getting to know him, got to know him better and changed my mind.
had my balls burned by sauron and was left deveeted.
peppermint + bath = burning cold ladybits.
got too high and too hot in the bath, almost cooked myself like a lobster.
i had sex with my gf in the woods and got caught by landscape workers.
tried to microwave french fries and stuck my finger into a franken-fuck of pain causing first degree burns
my truck went vroom vroom into a ditch. i tried to get it out, and it tried to kill me. after shouting   "ole!  " and getting scratched up more than a husband having sex with a kinky cougar, two rednecks helped me out of a perilous predicament. and now me, my testicles, and my truck are all safe and sound.
i fucked up by mistaking a heifer's want for water as a want for attention, petted it, and screwed my hand up pretty bad. mainly the middle finger.
i coughed so hard i shat my self and was happy about it.
lost my virginity on someones driveway with a girl i didn't give a shit about and peed in her mouth.
caught laughing during bad news
i told my sister i came on my mother last night because of a song she was singing
locked myself out of my car and condo, sharted, had to walk in the rain 2 miles to the bus.
like a girl, finally decided it was safe to make a move, slept with a different girl, fucked everything up
sat in my friend's lap, douchebag teacher dislocates my knee, kneecap decides to stay locked to the side until i got to the hospital, drugs then two weeks on crutches.
i wanted to upgrade my windows but didn't back up my files so now i have 400 gigs of videos and school work to redo  redownload.
woke up tired as fuck and poured juice on my cereal and liked it
would be that     he effectively told me i should live in a region he hates and i admire because i clearly don't understand the political climate  u00a0  u2014 in so many words, we should break things off.     however, it's much deeper than that. apparently, half his family is from said region (and it's the half he dislikes, of course), and he had lived there a very brief period of time. despite all that, apparently he had never had a bad time there and no one ever did any harm to him. so i really couldn't figure out what his beef was with this place that has always seemed so charming to me.
i bricked my phone by giving it shock therapy with an oscillator.
go to starbucks, shit myself.
accidentally backed up sexts to brother's computer, he discovered them, he now knows the things my girlfriend and i do in bed.
i sharted on my boyfriend during sex.
i damn near killed my mom while being the   "salad ninja  " and had to explain what had happened to the paramedics while having a hitler mustache.
told a girl with burns on 90% of her body   "i hope you burn yourself  "
tried to make babies in my girlfriend's eye.
gas to get from ga to ny round trip was around $200. tolls and citations will probably end up being over half that. so much for my idea to take a spontaneous road trip and surprise my kids with a visit to grandma's house.
tried helping someone with a problem even though it was out of my realm of support and ended up looking at multiple pages of an elderly man's porn, then had to close it out for him because he didn't know how. tifu.
jumped out of a bus, walked back home and got carried back to the hospital to find out walking normally was out of the table for the next two or three months.
im a loser at halo, win once, freak out, kick xbox, scratch disc, have to give him mine.
i forced a shart, cleaned up and stunk up a starbucks bathroom, and watched a movie commando.
suffered the agony of the feet, nearly passed out at the sight of my fuckup.
make sure you know who you are testing, or else you may find things out about your associates that you wouldn't want to know.
i ate taco bell and arby's in the same day and i haven't left my toilet for a fucking hour with no tp! pretty sure my anus is bleeding
showed my girlfriend my gay porn collection, played it off as a prank.
i hit on a lez, and had to settle for measly taco bell.
had a bad day turn worse due to fucking trolling ass driver or crap. good guy juan understands and we're done with it.
accidently charged stolen credit cards up to $28k and shipped out products that are now gone.
i delayed applying to college because i knew i'd have no parental support and i couldn't apply because my card kept being bounced back and declined. now the application deadline has passed.
asked about younger sisters friend to her older sister out of stupidity and i now feel like the creepy guy even though i believe she was giving me grief about telling her after i apologized.
yesterday, i held in my crap to stay awake, it didn't work, and after getting sent home from work i crapped myself in the car.
put headsooth on balls, searing pain followed
my car accelerated the best it ever has, next to a cop, while late...
    i locked my keys in my locker, including the key for my lock. i then had to walk my fat ass up to the front desk, in my underwear, and ask the female front desk attendant for the bolt cutters so i could get my clothes, keys and everything else out.
almost sent a link containing a link of old nude photos to my friend, but he was a good buddy and didn't look.
boss walked in, i orgasmed, he got hard. pretty sure he fapped too.
a river of the most ~~vial~~     vile     shit you will ever witness erupted from me in front of my entire family.
i don't blame you, that was one hell of a wall of text. got so fucked up on first ever lads holiday, ended up in the hospital on a drip. and in zante, there's not nhs like here in blighty.   u00a3  u00a3  u00a3
i passed a course i failed last semester, thought i was going to do well for the rest of finals. i missed the deadline for a final paper. now i'm going to fail this class and not get initiated into the first year of sisters for a new sorority on campus.
i watched so much porn whilst living with my grandmother that she kicked me out. also she found my porn-stash and was disgusted.
i bought a dildo and my dad found it and we aren't talking about it
so from what i can understand, if people chat shit about me, i have to pretend it is fact because any form of defending myself just results in death threats.
21 days nofap, i go on my first date in over a year. i spend the night and paint the guest room.
wasn't honest with my gf and she dumped me.
making soda is hard with a hangover
forgot to wipe usb stick name, handed my prof. what she thought was my horse porn collection
got a boner and tried to hide it when we heard her mom, her mom ended up seeing it and just walked into her room.
i relied on small town gossip for news and made a young girl tell me about her dad's suicide
followed a convoy thinking we were bad ass only to realize it was just a large latino family
used prescription medication and  spent two hours in the sun when it directly told me not to.
boyfriend and i had sex in shower without realizing roommate came back home. he probably saw my tits in the process.
strap ons and burrs
thanks to my quick reasoning and faster reactions, i grabbed my sister's tiny dildo.
took a naked selfie for the gf and for   "progress pics  ", end up accidentally sharing it onto the big screen tv downstairs which my parents were viewing. tifu.
i am a grown professional female who doesn't know how to shit in the woods.
told some more senior workers to   "fuck you, i won't do what you tell me.  "
talked to bffs ex fianc  u00e9 and ended up fucking him. feel awful
did a sexy towel dance in the mirror after my shower with the door wide open to the   chicago   song   "when you're good to mama  " thinking i was home alone, but, my uncle saw it all.
how are you this lazy?  it's a single paragraph, read it!
fuck you, read.
accidentally broke a rotten robin's egg into my hand. will never forget the smell.
got a cool chick i had no problems with fired because she was profiting from coupon fraud. feels bad, man.
rubbed my phone in my pocket against a much older woman's ass in a crowded bus, made her think i basically humped her
hungover? better drink my own piss.
i really fucked up everything good in my life in one hour.
i texted   "prepare your anus, i'm coming in hot  " to the most attractive girl at myself school because i don't know the alphabet.
have soundcloud account linked to facebook, listen to some porn, and my mom finds out.
never trust a fart at work. it may work once or twice but eventually you will shart and when you do there will not be any tp for you. because life.
got spat on and robbed while stoned and studying abroad in a foreign country without even realizing until it was over.
i'm a light weight, i fight like a girl, and my wife has a wicked left.
got mad at my bank, closed my bank account, and then realized that my federal tax refund was scheduled to direct-deposit into that account.  had to call them and beg to get it reopened.  my pride is no more.  it has ceased to be.
i breathed a dangerous chemical because of stupid and unsafe lab techniques, and i should count myself lucky that nothing too dangerous occurred to my body because of it. now, i'm going to be the safest scientist ever.
didn't lock the door and female secretary walks in on me with stall door open and pants around ankles while shitting
threw fuckin 40 bucks down the garbage chute and got back a minute too late to have any hope of getting it back because my dumbass didn't realize it. one expensive trash day.
used a bus, made my fiance and i sit in someone else's pee.
people with downs syndrome are not likely to appreciate your zombie impression, no matter how good it is.
[accidently swallowed a half dollar, went to the er, and could actually die if it rips through my colon.]
i caused an entire hub of 5,000+ people to not get their paychecks for a couple days.
got drunk and lost my brand new s4 the day before christmas
blacked out. trespassed.
put a love poem in the girl that i have liked for a while's locker. then accidentally signed   "i love you  " in her yearbook.
, i tried putting a bottle in my ass and it shattered, plunging me ino an infinity of pain and permanently bruising my manhood. also, my rectum.
     drunkenly boned girlfriend on her couch and her brother saw us, sent her a creepy text
i told an angry   "customer  " over the phone i fucked his mom while someone filmed it.
i wrote hundreds of dumb jokes in a notebook and my parents, teacher, and principal think i'm mentally unstable.
pooped and peed all over a porta-potty while the door was ripped open by the wind. additionally, a kind old man was then exposed to my shameful doing.
turn around for a split second, little girl goes down.
i ate a wendy's frosty, got the shits, burned and tore my butthole into a gateway to oblivion, and clogged my only toilet
didn't sit down while taking off my shoes, got a cramp, exposed myself to a store full of special snowflakes.
i may have incidentally met dwayne johnson.
i dropped a bucket of sweet tea and when cleaning it up, moved something turning off the water valve, shutting down water to the whole store.
smoked a blunt while driving home, tried to put it out, started a small fire in my car. i am a dumb ass.
i managed to screw up by not shitting myself.
if i die tonight there's an 80% chance it's due to something shit related.
i had a crush on a girl, she touched my dick through my jeans on accident and i ejaculated.
flipped a shit when i found out likes the same girl i do. pissed her off and won't see her again for a bit.
i mentioned a cemetery around my grandparents instead of just shutting my mouth like i should've.
decided to take a shortcut during my jog in a cemetery and fell in an open grave.
i'm an egotistical, arrogant douche who ruined my chance with a wonderful girl, but worse, i may have hurt her, and deserve everything that i get coming from her.
i ate a lot of tacobell, and ended up shitting myself while dancing with a girl i like.
i sent the naughty picture to my mother instead of husband, still got laid.
i have screwed up the dates on my r  u00e9sum  u00e9, so companies thought that i was unemployed for more than a year (instead of a few weeks) and i didn't notice for 3 months. i feel very stupid about it now.
     - drank mystery booze, got groped, and my brother won a game by puking.  don't drink strega!!!
i missed out on a blow job because i sprayed febreze down my urethra.
new acquaintances, drink silly amounts of alcohol, made a great first impression and have initiated myself into the group by getting plastered. now owe a handle of admiral, and am nicknamed 180.
i had a penis period.
tried to warm a pizza, smoked out my entire apartment.
shut the locked door (that i thought was unlocked) with keys in the ignition and car running, waited 90 minutes to get it unlocked.
invented a game where you swim underwater with your beer. drank some pool water, liquid shit all night.
my chem experiment gone wrong breaks the ceiling, evacuates school in -20 c weather, floods several rooms and the library and sends 2 people to the hospital during lunchbreak (worth read for the story behind it)
; i drowned my phone in shitwater and threw it on a poor girl's bed.
today i hit a mallard with a golf ball from about 160 yards out, causing it to pass out in the water and die amongst a huge group of other ducks.
me and my friends made an inside joke about our friend shooting up the school, someone overheard, told the police, and my friend is still being charged with two felonies.
     got trashed while getting paid at a wedding for some religious people, ruined my dad's shirt, stole shit and then sent a picture to the chick organising it about the whole ordeal.
thought my butt hole could be pluged like putting your thumb over a tiny hole in a garden hose.
had accidental threesome with boyfriend's grandpa.
wore tiny shirt on a new ride & flashed a bunch of strangers.
don't put ear wax dissolvent in your eye
apparently my boss was doing me a solid that she could get in trouble for and i went and told on her (by accident).
i hit a stationary object and fucked up my car, because i was 10 min early to a friend's house
pissed on myself because it was too damn hot in this house.
ex-gf used me as a place holder, shit on my heart, hung out with me yesterday, and stuck in my head today when i could have done something with hotgurl.
put a sign that said 'bomb on bus' on the back window of my school bus, and a crazy white bitch followed me to my stop to save the day.
daylight savings time is fucking retarded.
threw up while on the freeway with the window open, only to have it come back into the car and go into my friend's mouth.
got sick trying to eat raw meat, sprayed nearly a tenth of my square footage with watery orangish-yellow fluids.
going to melt a toilet later with red-hot magma shits
good idea: do work. bad idea: unwittingly papercut your eye.
four generations of family members feeling awkward because i didn't close my porn pop-ups.
big bang, little boo boo.
didn't leave my car in gear when i went to get coffee, car rolled into the road, but caused no major damage other than my pride.
i shat myself whilst i was naked and it sprayed all over my bathroom.
today i fucked up by opening a frozen pepsi.
shave down, easy but prickly. shave up, smooth but bloody.
fell asleep during an exam and woke up realizing i had a very visible erection that was probably seen by many people. at least i passed. :)
; clipped a barn at work, was to embarrassed to tell anyone. boss heard it happen, might fire me.
    : anyone with a phone number in a system i built for a college at the university i go to is getting a call tonight congratulating them on their acceptance, accepted or not, because i forgot 6 lines of code.
tried to pop a crotch zit, became the fourth stooge.
i gifted some random person 70 dollars worth of clothing, which i worked very hard to be able to afford. crying.
we are having fun, tried to made a joke to my cousin that our nephew is still missing, she found out, yelled and crying while scolding us whom literally focused to me, cursed at her brother who laugh mildly. she got scolded by the mother because the way she is acting. and i'm sweating like a pig. and everyone is blaming me.
tried to defend gays to conservative dad, told him i was gay.
i poured hot tea into a giant cracked glass dispenser, broke the bottom off when i tried to move it and flooded my kitchen and soaked my pants in said tea.
accidentally hit my big bro in his no-nos, and now i live in fear of retaliation. scariest halloween ever.
i fucked up my first day of 2013 by making some girl think i'm a creep rapist.
a toilet seat smashed my dick when i was six.
hot-sauce that can be used to strip the wax off your floors should be kept away from genitalia at all times.
that's how you get ants.
50% of first paycheck is waiting for me when i retire. i need to go stir my ramen.
didn't take a shit before work and manager's daughter came into store while i was shitting. made hugeass deal over waiting 5 minutes.
one should know better after 20 years on the internetz, not to click on every shit.
published a post at the end of the day with   "fuck  " in the title and landed our daily digest in everyone's spam boxes for the foreseeable future.
: my mum and friend saw my jizz patch in my jeans
allowed myself to become terribly constipated. ended up lubing my fingers up with soap, sticking them up my butt, and pulling the shit out. never again.
     i love sunny d, but it's bad.
found some old darth vadar roller skates, wore them, neighbour caught me roller skating away from him in deep shame.
i'm a major cockblock.
i flashed my nephew.
drank too early, too quickly, arrived two and a half hours late to school sponsored thanksgiving, sauced and sour, with half a tray of green beans and a bottle of sake.
my niece threw my hamster into the microwave and caused him to explode.
i was trimming my pubic hair and accidentally cut off a small piece of my scrotum.
i used to be a picker like you until i took a gemini to the face.
didn't properly save a masterpiece, re-wrote it as shit.
made a middle-aged woman with elementary school mental capabilities mad, even though i still have to deal with her on a regular basis.
i need to go the grocery store more often
embarrassment, mops, and soggy dignity.
tried every remedy for scabies, thought a cayenne pepper bath would kill them off, basically lit my entire body on fire trying to   "soak  " in the bath.
i dripped hair dye into a bright orange jizzing dick stain on my shoulder
grandmothers don't like penis enlargement for their grandsons.
- i'm beta as fuck when it comes to her parents
shit myself in car, pull over on the side of the road and plaster myself in diapers, cop pulls up and decides this is too weird for him, runs away.
made out  felt up girlfriend, dad walked in, dad is pissed, privileges stripped, girlfriend is embarrassed and crying.
i ruined my trip.
i spilled koolaid on my laptop, it doesn't work, and we don't know what to replace in it. if anyone knows a good place toget a laptop for a low price, please leave a comment
hot girl approached, didn  u2019t know if real life, just read exact scenario on 4chan and ended up pretty much reenacting it
got wasted in new orleans, picked up by a woman who the police say was probably a hooker oh and, by the way, might also have been a man (fucking gross- no offense to those that swing that way just my own preference) and then got robbed for my trouble.
- ran from the police for no reason, got clothes lined.
i lit my face on fire trying to light a cigarette in a campfire and put it out in a kiddy pool.
said that   things   could happen to girls walking alone well within earshot of a girl.  she turned to look at me and she saw me, tongue out, with my fingers all over it.
forgot kitchen blinds were open while reveling in my post-work nudity
amateur performer finances the moneyshot and really pays for it
purposely bombed a test i studied the most for because of forgetting a pen and highlighter.
failed all of my classes 1st quarter of senior year because i didn't wake up from a nap.
i was in a rush to shit, my hat fell into the water before my shit did.
forgot to clean my crock pot, pot filled up with nasty ass mold.
tifu 600+ dollars half of that was a month of car payments for when i work in the winter and the other half was for a nexus 5.
don't eat huge amounts of cheese, it will create immobile masses of fecal matter that cause problems..
if you got an email from... err sorry.
i'm a house moving idiot
asshole ignores me. i insult. he no can heary. i am asshole.
cheese grits gave me the shits.
took 72mg of concerta (ritalin) with a terrible hangover and fucked my entire day up.
asked out  girl, she said yes, then no; went on a   "date  " anyway. she got wet.
got high and ignored the fact had to pee and pissed myself; tried to cover it up but they figured it out.
had explosive diarrhea and projectile vomiting and as i was running down the stairs i slipped in my vomit  shit and knocked myself out. didn't have to go to school.
made a suicide joke at the funeral for a kid who committed suicide, made everyone hate me.
went on a hike in the desert while having diarrhea and wiped with my hand.
went to the head, dude next to me excessively shook his snake and slung his urine onto my hand.
vag stamp on cushion
real estate agent caught me using the bathroom in a client's house, in my haste to get out and cover my tracks i didn't zip and the entire north side of chicago saw my dong before i noticed. i realize i should wear boxers now.
today i fucked up and had to shovel shit of out my own anus.
     - holding in sneezes blows
my dick wanted some, then got stage fright, which may have fucked up a friendship.
i'm on the road to the olympics.
: i told my friend of the last 4 years i loved her. now she's in shock and i feel like an asshat.
asked a girl if she was okay and got called a child rapist.
:  told my ta i was illiterate instead of literal and she didn't correct me.
got insulation in my asscrack and hole. always wear gloves.
the house i'm babysitting at now has a gross, flooded bathroom and a full toilet and sink.
decided to listen to some music, ear bud got stuck in my ear, had to spend the night at a&e waiting to get it removed, and i'll likely get an ear infection.
fucked vomit
  u2013 tifu by misspeaking and suggesting a high school girl was well-endowed.
shaken, not stirred.
i drank too much, puked in front of a romantic interest, now we are no longer speaking.
i fell and hit my head on a door frame. stitches commenced
killed a mosquito and sounded like an asshole.
i left my brain at home, and sprained my wrist because i like to play card games.
i woke my whole house up to incredibly loud porn at 1 in the morning which i couldn't stop for a solid 120 seconds. i'll never know any longer time than those 120 seconds.
read the damn post, it's not that long.
i order pizza and use the restroom. delivery man comes 20-30 minutes earlier than expected and i drop a vase. he might have taken an extra $5 but in the heat of the moment, i couldn't remember how much i gave him. stuck with cleaning up a vase and the thought that i may have been cheated.
tied a piece of floss to my skin tag on my gooch, didn't realize it was still there when boyfriend went down on me and saw it.
fuck butter, fuck fractions, and fuck fractions of butter.
cleaned furnace with compressed air and tried to light it. fireball ensued.
28-year old staying with mom for the night had a wet dream, most epic amount of cum ever. had to sleep in naked shame without access to clean clothes or shower. like, so much sperm for real. like...i couldn't even pee this much cum if pee were cum.
told girlfriend someone said orgasm in my religion class on the bus, everybody stared at me
don't fucking eat convenience store cantaloupe, ever
my entire crotch is shocked by soap.
   turned myself into a human jumper cable because i'm too tired to  make the connection that - button press = zap.
i can't use a corkscrew, ended up pushing the cork into the bottle of wine, and then couldn't drink it because of the bits of cork floating about.
my roommate overheard me talking about how i don't think he's a great worker.
hindu guy lied about being sony tech support then put viruses on my pc. called the real sony and hopefully my computer completes the restore process.
never, ever, put a pile of sour crybabies in your mouth at the same time. just don't do it man.
germophone roommate was away, sat on the couch naked after shower and they walked in on me.  total and horrible awkwardness ensued.
accidentally pull two mating insects apart, the male's penis gets ripped off in the process and is left hanging out of the female. i feel pretty bad about the whole thing.
i spilled ice coffee all over a little boy and his father shamed me with just a look.
woke up, a bird kamikaze'd, i went climbing, then got threatened by a midget.
was to pussy to go upstairs to my friends bathroom so instead pissed on the shorts he gave me but did clean i up.
trust your bladder. seriously.
: scourer+car=unhappy perents
today i fucked up by not making sure my door was latched while taking a naked bong rip, and being unfortunately revealed by the laws of physics
my friend's buddy tried to kill herself. she made it, i bragged about how i knew she would, then she died.
spilled condoms on my teachers carpet makes me take a final in her class.
my grandparents had to listen to me shit a mountain after eating buffalo wild wings the day before.
i chose boobs over brains and used my leg for an ashtray.
my fat ass decided to do a flip, flipped the diving board itself.
co-worker wanted to leave with a bang - that he did, that he certainly did.
have to pay an extra   u00a3140 on top of a   u00a350 flight because im an idiot.
titler won the war.
i am illiterate
i went to my friend's house for dinner, her brother threw a wicked party while her parents weren't home, house got trashed, and i was involved because we didn't leave early enough.
tried to kiss a girl before i moved away, and she ran out on me.
we watched starship troppers, the vp thought it was a porno and nearly fired the teacher and suspended me.
if i get fired for saran wrapping my co-workers chair. i am putting that shit in bold on my resume'.
got a lift home with my ex after she had hardcore fucked a man ending with him filling her up with his man protein to only have her kiss me on the face only half an hour after her sexual encounter...
never trust a fart after a seafood dinner.
took a 5 second shortcut, fell into a dumpster, went home with huge injury to pride and tiny injury to body.
don't put rugs with rubber in washing machines, you will spend more time fixing your mistake then you would by washing it by hand.
unemployed, desperate for job, accidentally delete my first call-back voice mail out of over-excitement.
broke arm skateboarding, broke arm 3 months later by punching someone. arm was bent, needed surgery. wet the bed, had ultrasound. got internal bling. the toast was terrible.
i wiped my eye with an onion.
i drank coffee before bed, pissed the bed and overslept, then didn't have time to clean up before i went to class.
version: shouted fuck the police in front of my spanish teacher.
kid tries to rob me, i choke him, he punches me, whoops he's mentally ill, cops come and tell me i might be arrested for a felony in the near future; all legal advice welcome
i sharted at the big 10 championship and had to eat my way out of my underwear.
went to store for oil change and hose fix, forgot to properly lock down my hood, it peels off on the road.
: don't drink milk when you have bad lungs, or you will end up like the dumbass i am.
i bullied a girl who had plaque psoriasis so bad, that she started home-schooling.
  u2013 i sprayed a quart of pee on all her clothes then disappeared
somewhere, a guy just cleaned the floors at mcdonalds with my pee.
spilt the worst liquid you can spill on a macbook, probably short circuited it, lost up to 5 years of stuff, and i can't get an appointment to have it looked at.
drove all day and night to see a dying grandparent. got to the hospital tired as shit and blurted out   "i feel like death  " in front of the nurses.
vacuumed up my   "sniffle  " tissues and vacuum combusts.
woops
i'm pretty sure there won't be a second date.
gf meets great grandma. great grandma calls her another name. person with the same name texts me a r-rated message moment later.
kitchen cabinet likes fiber brownies, fights me for it, i lose by ko.
i dickpic'd my own father.
i drank grease instead of dr. pepper because i'm dumb.
threw water on flaming food in toaster glass door explodes leaves scorch marks on hardwood floors and ruins toaster. whoops
saluted a major with my cock.
hosted a party while parents where away, got shut down not even an hour in. parents dont trust me, and im the laughing stock of the school.
i'm a fucking dumbass
depressed chicks are the horniest
wiped my ass with a hand wipe which was more alcoholic than most vodkas.
got really drunk and passed out in youth hostel kitchen topless to be later guided to bed by a stranger in the night.
i opened the door with my cock out to an old lady by accident.
got biofreeze on my ball sack; felt like i just dipped it into a bucket of ice water. couldn't clean it off; had to pick up wife from work. had frozen giggleberries for at least 30 minutes before relief. went to bed, my nutsack found another surplus of biofreeze; froze my ball sack again; gave up and went to bed.
mom was expected package for her, addressed to me -- got a packed addressed to me, opened it - dildos.
   didn't brush teeth for ten years, went to the dentist, found that every tooth but one has a cavity or two, whole thing is gonna cost $5,000 and i still need to make five more trips. also, they had a tv above the chair playing   "shrek the third  " which i got to watch from beginning to end twice in one visit, which was probably the most painful part.
broke 3ds,no pokemon or smash bros.
left prop guns in my bag, bag gets searched at airport
i thought a man was homeless and put change in his cup of coffee, he wasnt homeless and had coffee in the cup.
said my music teacher's husband has erectile dysfunction and got a detention for it.
completely forgot about some pet fish, which turned my room into a gas chamber, then puked on my pet bird while trying to clean up
i'm an idiot and my brain is an asshole when i'm half asleep and i'm probably over thinking everything and freaking out too much.
unintentionally called a pizza   "fucking nasty  " in front of a clinically depressed chef, when i meant it towards my friend.
went to get a drink ended up a human punch fountain.
hit the power switch on my pc accidentally and potentially lost a lot of data.
dropped phone into toilet, tried to not make it smell like pee.
at the end of an amazing and romantic camping trip, i called my girlfriend by my ex's name.
drank a lot of orange juice, got massive pee boner, decided to pee in sink, went everywhere - including on me
called out someone else's name during sex. ruined every chance at a relationship with an amazing guy. name that i called out was just some random dude from work.
drank some acetone while half asleep. burned my mouth, throat and face pretty bad. tried to cool my burning mouth by drinking   plenty   of milk when i'm lactose intolerant. ended up burning from my mouth and ass that day.
i paid $125 to have my hair look exactly as it had earlier that day because i trusted the fuckbuddy of my bartender to dye my hair.
friend accidentally spilt cup of water on my laptop in class.  i looked like an idiot.
motorcycle broke down. parked it in store. gas leaked everywhere. other business though it was a natural gas leak so called authorities
     -reminded girlfriend of her shitty past and potentially gave her new anxieties.
i tried to hop a ride on some morning wood and fell off.
tifu by drinking ants, pissing on my own legs, destroying my body with a children's garden toy and almost fucking up a job interview, all before lunchtime.
senna tastes gross, and honey does not help.
there isn't a tl;dr for this i think i just want to shoot myself for a mistake this fucking huge. i fucking suck.
bought expensive toy, used it once, was too lazy to clean, toy became home to a flourishing mold colony.
keeping it real went wrong.
i fucked around on my now ex girlfriend, and told her just to spite her and hurt her. i feel horrible, but i can't take it back.
eagle scout film project gets destroyed due to shitty sd card reader, then i pay $260 to try and get it back, and i don't. no refund.
set my house on fire, roommate screams like a girl, i'm still hungry,
got granola all over my cat, was stupid enough to let him jump off me sending cereal in all directions, and just discovered more sticky fur
called my drum major an orc on facebook for all to see...
unintentionally hosted gay porn on my professional website, put the url on my cv and sent it out to potential employers
sprayed lynx up my ass to get rid of smell. ass felt like it was being ripped apart.
didn't pay attention to my dad while he was wielding the chainsaw. took a branch to the mouth. also learned what a thorny locust tree is - ended up bleeding in multiple places.
i sharted diarrhea and it did the weird bubble thing where it then went to my vagina and made a huge mess.
drank 40 mochas, splashed turd all over a portaloo, had to work wearing a curtain as a skirt.
radio keyed up, underwear, everyone heard, stern talk
friends had bud, got pulled over and cops accused me of being high when i was sober the whole time. handcuffed and sent to jail for 3 hours.
- almost got attacked because i accidentally hit some guys girlfriends breast. was awkward for all involved    .
] today i discovered my body's limit for ingestion of energy supliments. professional relationships irreparably destroyed... along with a perfectly good uniform
colorblindness leads me to run a red light, cop pulls me over and gives me a $120 citation.
stuck my fingers up my rear end forgetting to clean up the lube afterwards, next day poop slowly slid out, had easy shit but messed up my boxers... never again, well the leaving the lube part of course...
-     work on a domestic violence hotline, received a call from a man, put him up in a hotel for 3 days and requested that the agency give him money to get out of the state and with family, turns out that the man is the abuser and was hurt while his wife was defending herself.  now i feel like a colossal asshole.
mom thinks i'm selling drugs every night when i'm just out for a walk. wants to talk and walks in on me wanking.
i drank cigarette tea and now feel like i'm on the verge of death
i need to change
sausage wraps are not hang over food.
i fucked up by spanking a girl while riding past her on my bicycle. was sent to county and spent 15 hours till i made bail. ended up with a missdemeanor and she did not press charges. i was a douchbag.
my jeans gave a glowing first impression.
1)humiliated a girl for no reason 2)humiliated another girl for no reason calling her ugly in front of her friends
dm;gh
- full drink landed in my shorts and boxers while i was taking a shit.
hooked up with a girl that liked me and could've been more than a one night hookup, but went too far when making out one too many times and she told me she now feels as if it was a one time thing.
i fell asleep and missed going out with a dreamboat on valentine's day because i'm really, really, really stupid.
tifu by pouring obscenely hot coffee on my fiances nuts.
fuck blisters
i just gave my entire math class and probably future classmates a display of my kinky sex toys
?
ran over my phone, lost my wallet, dad found my weed stash and pieces and disposed of them all in a massive chain reaction.
water on iphone. scumbag apple took my money.
sent mass mail using registrar's email address declaring all of tomorrow's classes cancelled. got caught.
i forgot to wash my hands and wiped something into my eye that really shouldn't have been there.
i waited to the last minute to get a train ticket and contributed to the haste that caused the lady behind me to drop her ticket.  she is out $188.20 for the ticket and will get $150 citation from the train conductor. i got a free ticket for march.
let a guy borrow a doorstop, got the cops called on me.
put too much trust in a pair of jeans, went to school with a giant crotch hole, ruined my friday
i drew a swastika on my workbook, and everyone is up in arms.
i couldn't afford my phone bill and got fired because i couldn't respond to an email. after trying to explain the situation to my boss, whom i work my ass off for, he decided to stick with his decision. all because i couldn't pay my phone bill.
it would have been cheaper to have purchased one brand new
got creampied by my oh, soggy queef of the year follows, parents only a few metres away.
op was the first casualty in the dawn of the cacti.
told hot 27 year old cashier that my mommy does my clothes shopping.
a doctor stuck her finger in my sister's poop chute because my rambling gave her an anxiety attack
tried to have tipsy sex with my bf, wine had a bad reaction and vomited all over the floor, and learned my bf is actually fucking amazing.
i accidentally jerked off after applying a skin cream that makes me peel, my dick and balls started peeling, scratched my balls to the point of bleeding.
$1 pack of googly eyes causes $846.85 of damages to state property.
walked my dog a new way, chases pregnant pedigree sheep, and we may be fined if there are any misscarriages.
burned my shaft on a hot zipper, now i have to stand around with a blister and can't adjust all day.
joked to self harmer about boy dumping her, she doesn't appreciate my humour.
shit my pants; almost missed my son's concert recital.
walked out of the bathroom completely naked and my brother's friend saw me in all my nakedness glory.
emergency evacuation mid-flight; subsequent successful touchdown at local landing strip.
if you're going to send an 'i cant wait to get back in bed with you' text to your so, make damn sure it isn't a close family friend & sending it could potentially ruin his  her career
baby shit leaked out of the diaper and i mistaked it for meat that fell out of my burrito, then puked.
read the title
i puked into the toilet while the plumber was in the bathroom. man i feel sorry...
i juiced my goose and some juice flew loose onto a blank disk that i gave to my father.
my penis overthrows my brain and i feel like the hitler of friendships
i came. while hugging my dad. while struggling to say   "me too  " without sounding like an incestuous homosexual.
don't do delicate things that require precision movement and patience when you're in a angry-getting-over-a-fight mood.
: ran out of shape, cried, pissed myself.
shat pants during a final, dont know i passed the class or not.
- turned a fan on   "high  " during sex, air was pumped into my vagina, quieffed a few times, died of laughter, thus causing louder and uncontrollable noises to escape my vagina
wiped 10 years of gamecube saves due to my inablilty to read japanese.
i accidentally applied gel instead of shampoo to my pubic hairs. now my girlfriend won't go out with me. :'(
edit: almost got pulverized and by a massive drunken boyfriend thanks to a til.
had a few marijuanas, yoloed, almost caused a race war
i threw away a blood covered glove at a rammstein concert that was being worn by till thinking it was a bag of poo.
i f'ed up by bending my truck key and then trying to straighten it.
i attempted an incognito social experiment to estimate to see how many bronies live in my area and got it blown wide open by way of discussion of video games.
if i look sad at work shit happens
: flushed a tampon after shitting (at a guy's house); flooded two rooms and caused damage.
daughters tablet on car, drive away; ultimate guilt (probably should post to 1st world problems :)
female front wedgie turns into bloody, ripped labia mess.
, i lost a usb drive with nude photos of my friend that i went behind her back to get, and don't know what to do now.
watched scary movie shit my pants mom says penis is small.
don't drink moonshine.
heart attack inc.
went to school for 3 periods with a piss-soaked undershirt on, realized in phys ed, got a lot of shit for it.
new years eve hangover prevention + cat + hp case design = possibly dead computer
i broke a fluorescent light over my bed and now my blankets want to kill me.
i was screaming gay insults over the mic when i had a gay dude right behind me
painted a tiniest of tiny rooms with a paint that had the smelliest of smells and managed to get high off my ass and almost lit on fire.
guzzled more than half a liter of drano sapiens
: uncle asks me to do a website. i think it's too much and say no. &#3232;    _&#3232;
browsed   "scariest internet shit  " thread on reddit last night  this morning, got freaked out, screamed, threw the laptop and attempted to play it off as a nightmare, woke up pretty much everyone
too much fiber, giant turd, used kitchen tongs, girlfriends mom ate off them.
father in law needed to use my laptop to install security camera software while i was at work, opened laptop and got a face full o' pornography
killed 11 birds, pissed off everyone who takes care of me
i accidentally offended coworkers by saying the phrase   "that word  " and relating it to my childhood.
    : i didn't activate a mobile internet bundle, ended up paying more for two weeks, than i've paid during last two years   combined  .
got borderlands 2 with mom's card instead of points friend lent me. now i owe 20$
i threw away my money by accident and can't get it back
shoved cake in my face, and poured milk on my xbox while watching tv.
baby punched me in my crap filled bowels, accidentally slapped him down the stairs.
stuck my hand in a plugged-in tube amp, got a nice little kiss from ac.
rode my longboard in the rain. fell of and my board rolled into traffic and broke.
i thought a packet was a two sided sheet, so i got a 0 on a test i spent three weeks studying for
my dumbass went to kiss close friend, i forgot she has a bf
pants got a hole in them, i had to walk past two full grade levels of students twice in order to get my keys and then get to my car.
got drunk, now a premium member of christianmingle.com
before putting random programs from the internet on to your school usb, scan it first.
finally pooped, and pooped enough to miss work.
- got drunk and drew dicks in a book, gave neighbor lady a book of dicks.
shat myself and took an hour or so to realise it.
tea jar fell on toe and caused subungual haematoma. doctor stabbed underside of nail to release pressure
tried to make a good impression on my first day as a senior. i blew it.
showed shy friend massive porn collection. showed him again in case he didn't see it the first time.
i tried to update my company's website built on wp and now everything is awful and if i had just let my boss obsess over what wasn't a problem for a few days until he forgot and just ignored him it would have been fine. tifu by taking initiative.
i blew pot smoke into a passing runner who never even acknowledged it
i was too tired to drive and ended up paying for it by fucking up my car.
always pee before sex.
ate too much pizza too fast, ended up spewing shit from my mouth and my butt.
forgot i needed eyes to walk.
fucked up... no os on my hdd, rendered $700 laptop useless.
shat myself, no underwear left, have to now sit a 2.5 hour exam either commando, or in old underwear...
i shit my self and an old man walked in on me mid wipe with shitty underwear on the floor next to me.
feminists probably want me dead
didn't read a status and typed a joke; insulted some dude's dead girlfriend
i trusted a hippie, which lead to me having shitty sex and a room that smelt like a homeless hooker shelter. i then try to suck the poop off his dick in order to make him cum. i don't make good decisions under stress.
messing around with an aairsoft bb and it fell in my ear and now i'm going to the emergency room haha.
accidentally made barf omelet.
- lost 120 dollars that i needed to pay a ticket. i hate people.
my brother-in-law shit himself after getting alcohol poisoning and i had to drive him home still.
shitting yourself--it could happen to   you
got spiciness on my dick, removed it by putting dick in canola oil
cookie clicker may be free for most, but it cost me $800.
i accidentally broke a glowstick and flung the liquid into my eyes.
all it took was a sphinctosecond to recursively delete everything i could on the c: drive of a local government security logging server.
(yes i'm putting it first): i, a 24yr old man, pissed (in) my couch because in the dream i was having i thought i was getting 1 over on my cat. then of course i texted the scenario to my brother and 2 best friends.
i put a pin in my nuts.
ice knocks freezer open, thaws about $150 worth of steak & chicken, later on get hit in the nuts by a tennis ball flying at about 70mph.
accidentally inhaled a burning cherry from a bong and coughed up blood
damn you, ghost of steve jobs!
close to cumming while jerking it, roommate comes home early, cum everywhere after a single slip of the hand.
genius kid me stomped a rake and didn't expect to get hit in the face.  got hit in the face.
do not watch this movie, you'll thank me, if you do watch it, i warned you.
i got my braces stuck on a binder
put a cup on a nail and stomped.
shat pants, friends mother smelt what i dealt, gives me a funny look whenever she sees me, which is quite often.
: don  u2019t fall asleep if you have stuff on the stove.
my lucky panties failed me, but they also got me laid, so i'm having trouble assessing my feelings towards them right now.
tried to impress a lady friend on guitar hero at a birthday, but ended up failing miserably.
  i was so hammered that i said to my teachers wife   "my deepest condolences  " that she is his wife in my graduation year
cheating doesn't pay
i meant to send a support document to a chat room at work, but i sent boobies instead.
i have a fuck-load of cavities and it's expensive.
told a prospective friend that his cousin was getting it on in his bed.
saw spider on towel, made piss-molotov cocktail with towel.
drunken canoeing, smoking, and eating undercooked food made me a walking diarrhea dispenser and although public embarrassment was avoided, a painful pimp lean was developed.
got wasted passed out on the street group of thugs   "looted  " my phone, wallet, watch, eyeglasses and shoes.
went to work sick, stood in 106 degree weather for hours, puked in the sink, got it clogged, one of my co-workers is going to have to clean that shit up and is probably plotting my death at this very moment..
got a little annoyed by mom complaining i was a lazy slob, left paint mark on minivan in the process of looking for a water bottle to appease my little brother, and am anticipating my laptop and phone to be destroyed by my dad in a fit of rage tonight.
had sex with my cousins seperatley in less that a day
i need diapers.
accidentally turned off a girls computer on campus and probably destroyed tons of hard work. ran.
just add ice cubes to a glass of water for thirst quenching goodness.
traded a flannel and a hat for the ability to drive and warmth.
i won the   "worst brother of the year  " and it's only april.
      apparently my first name (cornelia) sounds like colonel when spoken to a busy nurse over the phone!
my ass turns into a volcano and spews liquid hot shit inside my friend's car.
    ; friend had surgery to remove cancer related instrument, almost made him give up his biggest secret to all of his friends
woke up to my brother spanking the monkey on my computer a few feet behind me. pretended to be asleep. am scarred.
i used some mouthwash, whose dispenser was a perfect trap for ants.  so i gargled with 25-50 dead ants and nearly vomited.
accidentally dropped a knife on my dick while preparing breakfast. it is still attached to me, though.
if you piss on others, they'll piss on you.
lost $515.00 'cause i'm an idiot.
- asshole + black dick stick = pain
took a piss at work while wearing an apron and ended up pissing on my apron and jeans by accident.
. before moving a china cabinet, be sure to take out the glass shelves
don't get your car stolen by trying to hide the keys nearby, car thief's aren't that dumb.
this happened when i took tried to take a bite.
piss and gin do not a delicious beverage make.
the gods of nokia have cursed me today
stroking dream carpet results in pissing myself
i learnt the importance of good airflow in a bathroom.
my balls hurt, they taste like coffee, and they smell like lemons.
     ~3 beers and a sip of magical gypsy vodka led to unprotected sex with 'platonic' friend, which lead to steamy first experience with (unprotected) butt secks with platonic friend and gross bodily fluids and weird noises. possibly in danger of getting the aids and i'm supposed to be having platonic dinner at his house next week.
fucked up on something to remember fallen soldiers, ended up being remembered for my swearing capabilities.
fry used snore! it's super effective!
i went to the mall, ran into a girl i thought i was done with who has major attachment issues, and i don't want.
] learned the hard way that i've been lying to myself my entire life about my ability to swim.
i fucked up by accidentally pressing the silent alarm to call the cops while working the slicer and now the store could be fined for a false alarm.
had to piss bad, walked in on my brother masturbating, he freaks out, trips and hits his face off the bathtub, i laugh, then piss myself.
shaved with cheap supplies. feels like a cactus is growing out of my junk.
said a few choice words to my professor  advisor, and yelled at the dean of students over the phone. maybe i really do need therapy...
got pissbaked. vomited. passed out hugging a toilet bowl. a drunken senile grandmother urinated in the toilet anyway. my girlfriend wasn't impressed.
had to catch a 7am bus for my first ever college track meet. did everything right the night before, only to have life swoop in and fuck me like a bitch. missed the bus and my coach, who liked me before, probably hates me now. also, i'm not a recruit and i could get cut.
left keys in coat. had to trek to get brothers keys. bring them back to him. miss class and test. while freezing balls.
i combed my beard so hard that instead of pulling out a tangle i inserted the comb into my face and still managed to follow through.
i broke my friend's phone by pouring salt on it and had to dish out $60 to make up for it.
  u2013 i broke the toilet with my head. go on, read it. it  u2019s funny.
always check who you're sending pics to.
shared a greentext tard story with my friend who has an autistic son (which i had forgot about), proceeded to ignorantly blurt out   "that's tards for ya  ",
there was a mixup in the interview time, but i don't know who made the mistake (me or employer). i don't think i'll get the job.
mud streaks.
i wrote trannie on a girls computer and i know i'm fucked.
the coffee i drank crushed both my soul and digestive tract.
     got in a stupid avoidable   "traffic  " accident, up to 20 stitches in the knee, no phone, ex screwed me over, didn't try to solve the problem...
i turned down seeing a friend who i won't for a while because i thought i'd get the runs, but nothing happened, so i stayed in for no fucking reason.
i got drunk and pissed my pants in front of my family because i wore skinny jeans for the first time.
idiot pours off milk into mash, breaks potato masher, burns hand attempting to squeeze spuds.
i'm afraid to poop.
my mom accidentally sniffed my cum sock.
playing kickball in pe, i spartan kick a wall and break my leg.
shits can be deceiving.
went over board on the drinking, peed on my friends bf, puked all over self and car, had to go to school covered in vomit.
got conned at a train station, ended up spending 163 euro for a train rather than just 68 for the ticket.
op jokingly added   "50 lbs monkey chow.  " to the shopping list of a disabled friend of a relatives. said person did not do his own shopping and monkey chow was eventually found, bought, and people were fired.
almost got arrested after giving my girlfriend a dog to use as a nut rag
i short circuited my laptop by plugging headphones into the usb port.
showed my daughter her stepfather's dick in stunning 3d hd, on a 50 inch led television.
i opened my laptop at work with porno blasting on the speakers.
i let my dad use my laptop, opened it up to a man with another mans dick up his ass.
i wet myself for the first time in a decade (i'm in my senior year of hs)
my eyes might be pregnant.  will report back in 9 months.
got schwasted, climbed into bed with dad naked, called that man a nigger for trying to disturb my slumber
i didn't look where i was going.
i told my mom   "same love  " is a good song, she assumes i am homosexual
i am in the hole of $282.67 due to work missed and a doctor's appointment (doctor's excuse required upon return) because i couldn't put on some   motherfucking sunscreen.
my mom thinks i have a butt fetish because of a couple of accidents and now wont talk to me the same way.
: don't mix peanut butter, orange juice and a banana.
i got the worst migraine imaginable and killed my nasal cavity with stomach acid.
coffee? nope, spit and coke zero.
should upgrade my pube cutting tools.
almost slept with my ex; i think the girl who likes him found out about it.
put to much crushed pepper flakes on pizza and ended up having my anus feel like it was on fire, and wiping felt like i was using sandpaper.
after sleepwalking, woke up pantsless, locked out of my hotel room.
got in an accident, car looked fine, didn't get ladies insurance info, 3 days later, car needs $2000+ dollars worth of repairs.
got fucking hammered and got caught wanking in the garden by my nan.
rubber feet plus motion on a glass desk is a no-no for a hard drive. :)
fourth of july flies
i just fucked up some nice woman's family.
i put on my pad sticky side up, pubes got stuck to it, and i basically gave myself a brazilian wax.
cut my sack with some scissors and it bled a lot while i tried to have a successful date night with the gf that included getting laid.
semen is uncomfortably warm on the tongue.
i got what i deserved after pissing into an empty solo cup.
cops came, kids broke shit, no life
ate lots of mints, had the shits of my life and pain i never want to relive.
tried to be a basketball player, fucked up and made a small stain into a bad paint job
i threw my arm out and got suspended for two games.
i said something racist in front of 300 people by accident.
swallowed a tampon trying to throw up, eating disorders drive you to do stupid ass things and never have one please
getting into school is not easy
pants fell down outside a restaurant when i had a stiffy.
did drugs, got fired by a demon.
hopped out of a truck and fucked up my acl to go to a bar.
plumbers. get to know them.
i ripped off my damn toenail!
i shit myself when i was sick and i didn't know that farts meant poop when you have diarrhea
i was masturbating, a bird attacked my head, i broke my arm and then my step-sister walked in with my hands down my pants.
i left my expensive headphones in class, ripped my jeans in the sex hall, and have to smell my own farts. this is all due to my guitar.
girl invites me into her bed, tells me the day after that she didn't want me there.
hotel manager tells me that i'm being too loud, i tell her it's ok, i'm in a frat
got a bj from a girl at a bar, it turns out it was a shemale
having burning asscheeks sucks.
saw a girl that i didn't know was my cousin. girl is hot. i start drooling over said girl and start hitting on her. turns out girl is my cousin. turns out girl is a lot younger than i thought she was.
tried to empty vacuum into garbage bag, emptied onto floor and garbage bag instead, cleaned up, vacuum tipped the garbage over and emptied the rest of it, had to do it again. i need a shower and a drink.
i am a monster
crushed a lizard with a log, then proceeded to decapitate it during my afternoon wee
insulin isn't heroin, don't try and shoot it in a vein.
dog gave me a blowjob, but at least i don't remember it.
zip lined into a car door.
took a shit the hulk would be shocked by in my friends toilet the first time i went over. not allowed over again and paying for plumber.
realized it too late to simply wash off and i don't really care about it enough to spend the money to fix just that. of course, this thing today is a whole other matter entirely.
drank with girl i like, spilled my guts out in front of friends, then spilled my guts out.
got caught cuddling that looked like we were having sexy time and eating taco bell and prune smoothie
leave commando dives to the professionals
i fucked around with broken glass and cut a huge chunk out of my finger
tried to be sexy, done shat myself, deuced the fuck out (literally)
, got myself hit on the highway barrier while following state traffic law.
  u2013 stepped into the shower and crunch.  bad feelings had by all.
beagles have a natural way of stinking up your face, and when pushed away, they shit. they fucking shit on a white ass motherfucking carpet.
disoriented cancerous coworker calls me, i tell no one and then she goes missing for a day
my girlfriend sucked me so hard that she gave me a dickey
i am an idiot who had a large dose of cough syrup and now i am sleepy all the time.
mucus is gushing from my face like a failed bubble pool
don't ignore texts over video games -.-
mom drugged me and i fell asleep in a crowded break room.
tried to take my final a day late and showed up to an empty classroom at 7:15 in the morning.
accidentally sent a hurtful message to a friend, and then the man hook man car hook car door.
i might be fired for being late from this really great job.
     -   dropped deceased aunt.
shady, slick personal trainer sees me coming from a mile away, gets me to sign a contract i didn't read carefully enough, and now i'm locked into paying $120 a month 'til next february.
spilt iced coffee all over starbucks kiosk in stop and shop, escaped, and now i am the coffee asshole.
fucked up by not getting a gift for my mom on mother's day.
got 20% off on flowers i bought for myself.
i am retard
drank too much, powerchugged all over my toilet, mum cleaned it up
i told my awkward sister i'm not a christian anymore and she's going to tell my fundie parents and we're going to have phone time intervention. then i got hit with a nostalgia wave.
i broke my leg, surgical incision got infected, and then i almost died months later from said infection.
bought $270 worth of contact lenses at cohen's that i can't wear and won't give me a refund, only store credit.
i shaved my ass with a razor and contemplated suicide
i broke the first two rules of guy hood.
a cleaning person handled my sex toy collection while i housesat for my boss
updated dads phone and erased all his information.
never say too much.
don't trust a goalie early in the morning.
don't mix fire and torn anuses.
do not use your personal email for naughty things.
hooked up with a friend's sister without knowing. he knew about it because of a picture.
i rubbed fallen toothpaste in my hair. the results were a helmet of hair and a minty aroma.
overdosed on laxatives and shat in front of my brother who in turn threw up all over himself.
i let my friend be a huge bitch and caused me to waist my night.
: tifu by sticking my vibrating mobile between my thighs and having an orgasm while my boss was talking to me
sleepiness, strict water controls and detergent in mineral water bottles don't mix.
got high, ate ex-lax, shit my friend's pants.
met a friend on vacation, got drunk at party, lost glasses!
learned that all knifes are evil and i'm smart
i put this up here to make you think i'm considerate.  read the fucking story.
the holocaust made me cum.
bad choice of measuring method makes my grandpa think i'm checking out my dick.
i missed my train. and i puked everywhere. and lost a lot of money. i could have avoided all this if i had just stuck to my plan of getting dinner and going home.
roommate bailing on rent, my name is the only name on the lease, thus i have to pay his share.
i was drunk and stoned at a concert. danced with a hot girl (who i thought was my age) who turned out to be a milf.
if you're going to fuck in your modern srs-equipped car, turn the ignition off or you're going to have a bad time. or fuck on the back seats.
put pain relief cream on my leg, ended up getting it on my balls.
i missed a required training for an internship and now i probably cannot finish school in the spring.  i have already gone through the motions to quit my job and had a great plan to have almost no expenses while in the internship...and that is gone.
managed to not lose my job offer or starting salary, i'll graduate next semester. working hard and being honest about mistakes helped me recover.
big guy falls on people on a bus, people see, mock him, no one shits themselves. sounds far less dramatic or entertaining than the full version.
     today i fucked up and i feel really bad about it. i lost a lot of his work and he works really hard.
santa's elves' kids have few toys of their own, like the cobbler's kids who have no shoes.
made sexist joke in a room full of grade 9ers.
don't fall asleep and browse   r  wtf at the same time
someone in my family wanted my labour working father to get back home and deal with their months of hoarded food vessels. i took the task with closed fist and shielded eyes.
just read it.
mom told me not to push too hard. i did. hemorrhoids. poop wins.
duct tape really can be used for anything, even weight loss.
i wanted to keep my hair dry, and now my neighbors think i  u2019m a member of the kkk.
parrots are dicks.
dream-assaulted myself irl in balls. pain ensued.
opened video player to show teacher a curriculum-related video, forgot about a porn window behind it
posted a computer repair ad because i love working on computers on my own time. boss saw it as competition and fired me after 2 years of employment.
- asian guy can't drive, and blinds everyone.
i was in a fight with another member of my group, cause we were bored, and i dislocated my thumb. the leader accidentally relocated it in the wrong place, and it was dislocated again shortly after.
- left porn tabs opened. mom opened them in front of random strangers.
i had sex with my gf, then my exwife, then my gf, then got caught. now my house is in shambled and i lost all of them. and i hate hillbillies.
ate a cookie, nine hours later my stomach tricks me into thinking i will shit myself and i vomit on myself.
i didn't chew my food, drank a lot, and ended up making my girlfriend scoop the almost-whole regurgitated remains out of a sink full of steaming hot water and dump it in the toilet.
got high, made pizza pockets, put them down on chair, forgot and sat on them
i whack off with my family awake and in the other room, and reddit is porn.
- shit myself, told my wife, have been mocked relentlessly ever since.
i am an idiot.
tried a chris cornell impression, wound up doing a chris farley impersonation instead.
i got in the shower clean and ended up covered in cum, puke, and shit.
snorted liquid shit and puked all over the bathroom.
lost my shit, now most feared person in my entire grade.
don't trust me or my dad with a gun.
before my job interview could start, i fainted, hit my head, and had to be taken to the hospital.
clorox is a great treatment for poison ivy anywhere except your gennies.
a tool meant for backing up files caused me to delete them. fuck you, git.
was high, got munch, eat a shitload of food, chocked on pizza, though i was gonna die, ambulance was called, turns out i didn't chocked after all. pretty embarrassing.
took cat pic, left my keys in my locked car, $50, mocked
i broke the rules and she is paying for it.
i was bored on the internet, signed up for a hookup site out of boredom, accidentally spent $100 instead of $20.
ate fish sandwhich, drank green beer, tried to fart, shit myself, threw soiled underwear under my girlfriend's sink.
bought a new cd that i wanted to hear and it finally arrives and it turns out that my new stereo doesn't play cd's, tifu.
i eight-pumped a horny co-ed to shut her up, she bursts into tears and then apologizes for it. the ass was fat.
today i fucked up by bending over. today student fucked up by running into me with his big beefy quarterback shoulder. -.-
dropped my phone into the water, ruined my new phone and shirt, try to minimize the damage, spill rice all over the place and burn myself twice
layed down my backpack in dog piss, it became wet and has a terrible smell of urine, and has covered almost everything in my backpack.
tapped girl's shoulder in quiet library, broke the sound barrier.
a friend of mine tells a joke in sex-ed and i had to leave the class because i was laughing so hard.
; i uploaded a naked, drawn, body to the internet.
there is no such thing as a free lunch.
snow results in 19 hour bus ride
i woke up not being able to breath and ran into the kitchen naked with my whole family eating dinner.
tried to take a public piss on a truck, surprised driver, while fleeing dick flashed people and got a healthy amount of urine on pants in daylight.
ran 10k, puked, and shit myself.
didn't want to disturb roommate and boyfriend, so i spread my ass to silence a fart as my roommate walks in.
-> i got drunk, shit in my roommates backpack and had to make him a duct tape wallet
hollowed out a green bell pepper, made it my awesome cup and drank out of it. was fucking disgusting.
fell asleep baby chews used condom
i'm an idiot
left cock ring on too long, bruised cock, gf thinks it's funny
having a snappy with phone in hand in the toilet and i drop it in as i cum.
i am dropping out of college because i am .25 points short in getting into the major that i completely invested myself into.
i tried to block a football player running at full speed and broke my right collarbone and sprained my left wrist before finals.
had a girl i like over to my house. we drank and watched movies. things seemed to point to me being able to make a move but i didn't because i was too afraid. i still don't know if she likes me too.
tried to save a baby turtle by putting him in a pond, drowned the son of a bitch
wet t-shirt party in my yard, courtesy of a fucking hose i bought on television. how do you like dem nipples, mister neighbor?
had a street race with my girlfriend, got caught by cops, only got a short lecture
i spent five minutes on this. read it, dammit.
fapped too much = puffy dick
got way too drunk at a wedding  after, spent almost $2000 at a strip club, and lost my new iphone 5, debit card, and drivers license.
hot glue dribbled so i used my finger to stopped it, it hurt so i put it up to my mouth to stop the pain. i'm pretty sure some of my lip is on my finger. :(
at the bottom
took a hot girl out that was down to hook up. i enjoyed our time together to much and missed the opportunity.
got high and ate a medium pizza, cheese fries, and a whole glass of strawberry milk and am paying heavily for it
made brownies, forgot flour.
got drunk, got high, told a racist joke to an ethnic man, blaming r  meanjokes
caffeine + lithium = vomit storm
chronic wailing farts turn into massive blow hole burnout
car got towed, threw up in lot, lowest point in life realized.
fuck my luck. fuck my stupidity. fuck craigslist. fuck my super. fuck me.
thought i had all the time in the world to masturbate, roommate walked in at the exact moment i came, ended up cumming on self and sheets.
had my eye on a checkout girl for a while, randomly stumbled on her profile on ok cupid, sent her a message and may have come off as a creeper.
accidentally insulted a hot girl. failed to get her number fml.
- a reading teacher destroyed my poor paper crane.
i needed to check my phone at work and they don't allow us to do that.  i dropped my iphone into the toilet at work and pissed on it because i was afraid our vp would get mad at me for having my phone out.
cried in front of my serious lawyer boss for no real reason, lost a lot of respect for myself professionally, probably not cut out for this business.
hid girlfriends vibrator in letterbox, found by flatmate who just didn't know what it was.
nosebleed in a bus is messy, especially if you haven't got any paper.
i peed in the kitchen sink when i thought i was alone and my sister may have caught me in the act.
never trust a fart.
yelled at cop searching a car, he knows my parents and i heard their shit for two hours
; hooked up with mom.
i was seized by a moment of temporary douche-sanity.
children are assholes. fuck 'em.
didn't clean my apartment for about a month prior to finals, got pretty bad. unexpected wake-up call from the management the morning after finals ended to do maintenance, place was chaos. got eviction notice and will be out on my ass if i don't get this place spotless in four days.
a shit pillar is stuck in my toilet in the weirdest way i can think of.
- don't hide weed in your cassette tapes when you have a younging living with you.
- my girlfriend's cousin was staying with us, one day he left the province without a word. that same day we were robbed. the robbers left behind shoes, pop cans, smokes, a bags, and needles. we were able to make some the stuff left behind to some of his friends
having sexy times with fiance, felt like a peen made of ice was penetrating me. edit: apparently i don't know how to write >.x
i was taking a shower today,
i love my wife.
i'm a teenager, i shaved my pubes, then remembered i have a physical soon.
trusted the word of an automated system and screwed myself out of a good college and $100.
i fell off a wall and puked on a girl on my first date.
had a wet dream in my aunts pajamas while sleeping next to my 6 year old sister and my mom and 18 year old cousin in the 2 beds in front of me.
read the instructions or else you'll have a bad time
-     ate weird chicken sandwich from wendy's, floodgates of asshole opened up, and spewed shit everywhere
used a rope to get hauled 30 feet up a tree when the branch broke. i fell and fractured my back. it's still fractured 6 years later. i fucked up.
munchies had, hot stove + belly = bad
     knocked over grapefruit juice onto netbook, had to completely tear it down and dry it, works fine now.
made a banner for my friend picturing midget porn and comic sans, only to find out he didn't look at it and presented it in class
masturbating with shower head, mom walks in, i turn the knob to hot instead of off and burn my vagina.
     i went to a party, made out with a girl, found out she has a boyfriend, walked her drunk ass home, felt real shitty about it and eventually scored a double cheeseburger at mickey d's.
washed my face with a vagina care product.
trusted a friend about a computer he obviously knew did not work.
too lazy didn't write summary
i tried to be helpful, ended up showing a monk porn.
i tried to clean a door, but i groped a customer. repetitively.
trusting a fart. shat myself. lady loved the smell of ass.
i wanted to shoot my load all over my newly wed wife, instead took a piss on her.
beat up a friend, traumatized a spanish exchange student.
i left my fapkins in my car and my grandma rubbed her hands on them.
everyone now thinks i look at hentai.
spent today taking tomato juice showers.
broke the head off my dads driver and had to sponge bathe my legs because they were red, burning and itching
i perioded in my hand cause i used it as a cup
i got a balloonicorn online, hit my mouth on the monkey bars, was scolded by my dad for being a 'f@g', went to several therapy things with my dentist, and am still having this incident brought up in conversation to this day.
so not feeding my cat resulted in a water damaged ceiling on our second floor, a huge bump on my kids head, a bruised arm and ankle, a huge mess in my house and my phone in a language that i do not speak.
out of desperation i peed in a bottle and caused a cloud of urine to explode in my room.
i fapped with inflamed foreskin and now my dick is on fire
_ i tried to fart in my mom's face, shit my pants instead.
stroked my cat to an orgasm
drank from a spitter instead of the tea next to it in my 100 degree truck.
got drunk as fuck, got hospitalized on my way back home, and now my phone is gone and everyone is pissed at me, including myself.
i feel like a dick for accidentally breaking up with the girl who is in love with me via text message.
lost my favorite buttplug
i screamed   "fucking faggot!  " while my impressionable kid sister and her openly gay piano instructor were out in the living room. i get to walk by them in about 20 minutes.
i gave my mom a mother's day gift that my son picked out and it made her cry because she misses her deceased sister.
don't be a lazy fuck, read it.
left half naked anime chick on screen, pretty sure dad and sister think i'm a freak
told my teacher to abort her baby.
i jizzed in my pants. not just any pants, my favorite pants.
maintenance left all my porn out for me, narrowly missed my fucktoy
spent $400 and panicked the whole way home from a vacation to find my car wasn't accelerating because the fucking floormat was crammed under the gas pedal.
door won't open on topless jeep. four engineering majors spend half a day taking the car apart only to discover the door had simply been locked. who locks a topless jeep?
: pissed on the back of my own pants while taking a shit at work.
i screwed over a kid, thinking it was someone else, and got a different kid suspended.
accidentally gave the class pet a heart attack and claimed it as accident. had to pretend to be upset at its funeral.
- don't say stupid things hoping to get reactions.
drained pond and stored fish in bucket. mother in law changed water because i forgot to tell her not to and ended up killing all our fish.
crapped myself
gave blood, ate mac and cheese, played cornhole, reverse ate mac and cheese out of both ends.
i'm going to prison for murder.
if social interaction was a sport, i would compete at the paralympics.
packed headphones the night prior so i had them on campus for classes, lost them.
hurt my man's dick-hole cuz we were too drunk to enjoy a metal rod in his shaft.
ate loads of corn, nearly shit myself on stage, didn't, still counting my blessings today.
  when i was five i ran around a church screaming,   "put down your hands, you're never going to reach god  " because i wanted to help.
     - til beards can hold amazing amounts of baby vomit.
     - guy wanted to drink fire, got burned.
i got a guitar pick stuck in my ass, pulled it out, and now fear being known as the guy who fingers his own asshole in class.
lost all my money on my birthday, now broke. =
hooked and hooked up. captain hook would be proud of me.
apparently my flat and someone else's were competing to see who could withstand extreme heat the longest - mine won.
hot chick i've wanted to fuck dropped a dresser on me causing me to vomit-violently out of my anus all over her walls.
cheated, can't stop thinking about new person when i'm with my so
got it in my head my son needed to get an eye exam today, cause my wife to be late for work, get a write up and probably delayed her promotion track.
i sprayed axe on my balls
i front flipped on a steel bike over a 3 series bmw.
fuck bitches get money.
split my pants ass to balls at work.
- my friend is a racist now. didn't know this before we walked around my mixed  neighborhood.
i got molested by a spider.
too much shampoo makes your dick hurt
i laughed in a kids face about how his father had tried to kill himself now i feel like shit.
clapton song gets girl to come on to me, mistake a flirtatious question for genuine curiosity, painful display of self-cock-blocking
: sent dick pics to new boss
i got wasted, visited a hooker and pissed in a rubber afterwards.
my asshole is a pussy
- went to my grandfathers house to steal alcohol, knock and vomit on my grandmothers urn and feel extremely guilty without know one else knowing other then my friends who were there.
i picked up a hitchhiker who i thought was in genuine trouble. turned out she was a junkie and she technically robbed me. tifu.
blood........ came out of my butthole for no apparent reason.
used the stuff, things got hot, definitely some sex she'll never forget. a+
i drunkenly attempted to make mashed potatoes and succeeded only in amputating the tip of my thumb; which was later mixed into the finished product.
helping a customer results in me punching myself in the face, kinda.
just to ahead and reset the counter...
wasn't paying attention. had the test booklet open when i wasn't supposed to, accused of cheating, had to cancel the scores of a test i've been studying a good amount for.
never look for a remote begins a closed door. parents making whoopie in missionary plagues my mind
don't forget your towel
chase brother down the street with a machete in an elaborate joke to the horror of the hot brunette house sitting next door. and my dad has more game than me hahahahaha
dude at my liquor store delivered a 2 liter of sprite, crotch explosion.
im addicted to pretending to fall asleep because of bad dream.
guve me reddit gold
ask lady when baby is due, she isn't pregnant, get fired
helped my friend get a job, she fucked up because i fucked up and filled her head with bad thoughts.
friend hits squirrel in the eye with a golf ball, i have to throw its cold corpse into the bushes.
i didn't do a good job wiping my ass because i'm a socially awkward ball of angst.
- i went r kelly on my living room floor
forgot to wash my windshield. dirt  pollen and late-night streetlight glare made it so i didn't see a pedestrian until too late. terror was had all around, but no injuries. i am a fucking idiot.
i feel like a prick for not diagnosing those spots on my dick, and now it turns out i'm sick
1st day of work, couldn't sleep, gets boners due to tiredness, boss finds out, gets fired. fml.
too much dew, pissed myself at the post officce
- got put in my place by a 15 year old girl, whole town knows.
smash glass bottle on another bottle with my hands glass exploded and messed my hands up but not too severely.
i put on pandora, depressing song came on and made me depressed about my dad being killed and me not being able to talk to him any more.
could have made a rage comic for sweet sweet karma.
brought dad's car keys to school, almost got him fired.
god of japan smites me with an attack of shitty wok all over the inside of my car.
almost got caught in the shower with my boyfriend, and his sister-in-law knows what happened.
wasn't thinking, got my foot pinned between a few hundred pounds of wood and concrete.
i met a hot girl while drunk, and proceeded to pee on her furniture store's floor couch in my sleep.
i let my apartment become a mess and they had to inspect; despite me cleaning up now i'm being told to get rid of my cat or else.
running in old,   "good for you natural  " shoes caused a massive infected blister that has to be stitched up.
i burned a hole through my deck with a hot coal.
i mistook a phone charging port for an engagement ring box and got emotional for nothing.
;  don't let gremlins near your car.
---------
i brought a virus to my mom's house, shit my pants, clogged a tub with pizza, infected my sister, and made my mom's boyfriend late for work.
tried to pee in an airplane and managed to spill it everywhere and on the air hostess' shoes
tried to hang out with a female friend of mine, who is currently with someone, but instead probably made things really awkward and uncomfortable, and probably shattered our friendship.
i reached behind me to close a shower curtain, had a shoulder subluxation, and was taken to the er to get it fixed.  also a nurse there shot me in the ass.
because i was truthful and upfront with cops the first time they pulled me over for an out tag light and smoking  having weed, they trusted me to drive off sans drivers license the second time they pulled me over in a friend's car for his own out tag light while we were smoking.
friend and i thought it would be fun to catapult frogs and got smashed in the face with a 2x4 in between my eye and temple.  had to get 10 stitches and i don't launch frogs in to space anymore.
flirted with a guy, forgot my keys, missed my train, had to go back to find out that i must have dropped them and that he's gay. never going to starbucks again.
i was wearing a t-shirt with the word coon on it
didn't put halloween decorations away, neighbor falls and dies, ironic tombstone already there.
don't ask your alcoholic mother in law if she ate your hot pockets.
i got our current bed picked up a week before the delivery of the new one. my back will ache and the lesson shall be remembered.
never accept a chugging challenge in college because college kids are assholes and will put eye drops in your water.
i messed up the website at work, and now i may or may not get in serious trouble.
accidentally cashed the same check twice, unsure of what to do.
made a girl cry because i'm really bad at cooking
took a drunk piss while naked with the door open in front of guests.
i pissed a rather large colleague off trying to be humorous in my work. now i'm in trouble.
ate one of my dads chilli's didnt wash hands, my penis and face hurts.
i'm a dumbass, i killed my whole back lawn and i'm a dumbass.
that coincidents can almost land you in jail, but if you're lucky you can get a coupon book to a food joint and not get put in jail.
wife's panties were the bomb.  then i sniffed my wife's friend's panties, and now my wife's panties make me want to hurl.
i had a phone as an ip camera in my office. sister stayed in office. now i'm a disowned peter piper peeper.
shit on a childhood friend's property, regret nothing
look before you eat  u2026  u2026
throughout the whole time i have been trying to win the heart of a girl i care deeply about, every time i get close i fuck up.
i'm really samrt
vanilla coke caused premature ejaculation.
accosted some random midle-aged black woman looking to hire my firm and accused her of being my aunt
- dog.truck.boom
inadvertently chased cat into road where he lost a limb, made some poor guy tell my family that my cat was dead, and everyone in the house helped dig the grave.
my bitch of a neighbor watched me body slam a kennel full of shit down my deck stairs.
    : i'm sprinting to hell.
i happily flexed a big boner for my hot masseuse. she was exceptionally cool about it.
what can be seen cannot be unseen.
my boss doesn't like tits with mustaches.
i insisted that   "little people  " have the same rights to large cups as average people do.
shaved my ass whilst home alone, accidently told girl i like instead of buddy
i got crazy drunk that i didn't realize that i puked on my bed sheet and shat both on the toilet and the bathroom floor. i don't think i wanna get crazy drunk again. ever.
never ever eat fiber gummies like candy.
i clogged a guys toilet, and rather than embarrassing myself and asking for a plunger, i took matters into my own hands... literally.
ended up being suspended 20 feet in the air, holding on to a rope for dear life.
i ate a bag of chocolate chips, dog ate half of it. dog throws up in kitchen. house now smells like shit and can't move the damn animal because she throws up whenever she moves.
i spent 5 minutes writing that shit so read it you lazy fuck!
i stubbed my toe in the darkness and bled all over my school, and now i have to pretend it's not my blood every time i walk from class to class.
girlfriend saw messages saying that i was checking some girls' ass, i said i loved her, was told to go fuck myself.
exploited my inability to get sunburns, turned out i was   "allergic  " to the sun and was destroying my body.
i said fuck, and was struck by lightning.
blasted inappropriate music through a nursing room
don't reset the counter.
descended into the depths of hell, resurfaced a shaken man.
starting trolling for porn while gf was asleep (she wasn't).
my rather long hair was shredded by a devil rotor.
salsa is evil.
my sister crashed her friend's go kart into his dad's porsche, and didn't say sorry. then as we were leaving, she started to cry and scream because she didn't want to go yet.
today, i got bitched at for having sex when i was just innocently redditing in bed with my boyfriend and didn't want to be disturbed by my miniature, annoying dog.
poor bowel movement decision the night before leads to terrible diarrhea in the middle of the woods forcing me to clean myself up with a sheet of paper with my name on it.
tifu by letting an idiot watch my kids and 4 month old puppy, he let the kids climb the balcony and broke my dog's leg. now i am going to have to put the dog to sleep or get rid of him.
tried to have a nice night (there was my mistake), got in trouble with the cops
  : i asked a twin to wish their sister a happy birthday, and didn't think about wishing the first twin a happy birthday
hot water + boner + standing up is a recipe for heart failure, apparently.
got really drunk, made out with my friend's girlfriend and puked in his car.
: never sleep with your laptop near you. they are of the fucking devil.
i had two earth shattering farts in a room full of girls.
got pissed off when drunk. went for a run in a place i was very unfamiliar with and had to hitchhike my way back to the hotel.
tried to superglue my phone case, glue tube leaked all over, ended up inadvertently gluing phone case to the counter, buh-bye damage deposit, who cares, archer is awesome.
i gave myself all day itchiness in the worst of places, and cut myself by accident
local 27 year old man gets finger stuck in target basket, has to be cut out by fire dept.
not cleaning up after your messy toddler can be painful.
read the story. i typed it out on my phone.
had sexy time with girlfriend, parents might have found out. not looking forward to the consequences...
made a stupid craigslist purchase
i yelled at an innocent guy who drove an hour trying to find my place because i misread something.
single guy doesn't get the girl.
let friends have my phone during school. turned out they sexted some girl and i was confronted by her dad.
made eye contact with my slightly homophobic father while i was balls deep in my boyfriend. terror, so much terror.
took bf's virginity, got licked by dogs, permanently scarred an old woman, gave an old man a good laugh, and got eaten alive by mosquitos.
had a knife in my leg and decided to chisel it out with another knife = 2 knives stuck in my leg.
suck my cock ill murder your family.
woke up, sat up, ripped neck from the inside, pain like a broken bone :
cleaned cat's ears and ended up with mites in my goddamn eye and ended up as the worst story the doctor had all day.
trying to be rough during sexy time, ended up snapping my bf's mouth shut while repositioning myself causing him severe pain. smooth, real smooth.
cleaned up after some screaming fuck trophies, stained a whole load of laundry smurf-cum blue.
sent myself an email lesson plan, my   "teaching boss  " watched me access it and i had   "sexy  dirty  " subject lines in my inbox from sending naked pictures
had way too much coffee which resulted in coffee shits. landlord and maintenance guy walk in on me taking the most epic shit ever. fml.
my ipod, gps, all associated charging cables and adapters, gym workout bag, and case of monster drinks were stolen out of my car in a rich white people neighborhood.
i got fucked up for a soccer game and projectile vomited all over my principle's office
i accidentally chilli fingered my girlfriend.
i mowed a bullfrog, fell down a hill and drowned my new lawnmower.
i told a lesbian her relationship problems were gay
couldn't hold in a piss, blinds got stuck, window cleaner saw my dick, hid under the sink in shame.
: til nipples bleed profusely.
brought gas mask to school to be silly, with permission duh. campus cop finds part of it and thinks its a bomb. scared me shitless.
i should really check before deleting everything on my computer.
left eggs on the stove for two hours, almost died of smoke inhalation. all because i was preoccupied playing gta
; sun poisoning, skin is broken and bloody. put toner and moisturizer on it. feels bad. rest of me is ghost-white.
played airsoft in 30 degree heat, wore too many layers because i was a pussy. didn't drink enough. causing me to get heat stroke. this causing me to throw up 4 times in the space of 3 hours! not good :(
a sex scene showed up in an anime i was watching, and my dad (and probably the rest of my family) thinks it was hentai porn.
got fired because people don't understand a good riddle
i broke a beehive in the wilderness and fell on red ants while trying to get away from the bees.
i used nair and got second degree chemical burns all over my nether regions.
i performed a vivisection on my computer thinking i was fixing it.
first day of work, spilled utensils all over floor making a huge scene.
today i failed my driving test, then forgot about the curb i hit with the hubcap of instructor's car, and failed to tell him.
i am about to get in fantastic shape, whether i want to or not :
tifu by getting drunk, missing my flight, adding another $2500 onto my vacation expenses and scaring my so. fml.
     have a freaking legendary day, nighfall comes, enter my room, gi joe sized moth is present in said room, i risk hours of my time trying to rescue it, verbally cuss out the stupid fuck,  give up and go to bed, i awaken with a tickling on my face, i go to scratch it and squish the moth on my face, have to scrape bug goo off face and bed.
  i put myself into a shit induced coma that lasted 3 days because i drank laxative infused tea.
ate the worst possible combination of food from mcd's, a smootie and 2 hot and spicy sandwiches. painful fiery shit ensued.
i ask my boyfriend if something minor was worth going to the doc over, he sees two tablespoons of white sludge.
girl and i are making out in a bed in china, she says it's hot so i should take my clothes off and i say i'm not hot, but thanks for offering.
i just wanted a sandwich...
- i decided to clean up a bit and unknowingly handled my boyfriend's cum rag.)
why would you need one?
thought i was home alone, had a totally awesome spa day and chilled in my parents bedroom, heard moaning, discovered my grandparents were home, went back to read, heard more intense moaning and realized i spent over ten minutes listening to my grandparents having sex.
walked downstairs and caught my husband with panties...turns out he likes to wear them.
i cuddled with a a pillow with traces of my sick mother's urine.
had a go on some ride at a kids playground and became so dizzy that i tripped over a log and bruised my leg, and a few girls started laughing at me.
til money can retain old drugs. feel like i dodged a bullet for a crime i didn't commit.
bike tire nearly pulled my toenail off when my bike flipped up
- i spit mucous on a girl and then ripped her shirt off on a field trip.
i ruined a really good handy by farting and immaturely laughing my way through my orgasm. oh and i came on her pillow too. whoops
tried to pick up a cute guy but farted in a dwarf's face.
i got really sick from rich food and my sister walked in on me naked with a shitty ass. then, she got to watch me simultaneously vomit in the toilet and shit on the floor.
knocked over granny, stole her clothes.
took a drunk grandpa to the wrong apartment, left him there to be assaulted and jailed
told a room full of french speakers that i really liked it that their welcome had whistled my asshole.
  "hey, fuck you!!  " is the best way to greet people you only vaguely know.
gave my dad youtube porn on his tv
venting to my friend about my dad getting laid off, accidentally sent text to dad.
finger banged my friend while she was drunk, almost had sex with her, now she hates me and i feel like a piece of shit.
i shattered a window in my car with a bottle full of my own urine.
got actually high off weed for the first time, acted like an idiot, dumped my girlfriend, she said to others that she is never coming back, can't get a boner, i'm crying myself to sleep every night and not eating anymore
i'm probably the worst son my mother ever gave birth to.
spilled milk in ketchup, got more ketchup and did it again. smelled the rancid mixture and accidentally got some on my white shirt.
sister broke my $1700 laptop, killed parrot.
a shower a naked dude and a camera.
set off smoke alarm, awkward neighbor saw me pants-less, came inside and saw my vibrator.
the good: gave my friend a lapdance. bad: phone assassinated by my bladder while i slept. the ugly: gave my friend a lapdance.
swallowed chicken that was too damn big which has iterated my entire body, didn't exert any effort into any of my finals due to the pain and had to miss an mlb game my gf got me tickets for.
set the bbq too high, melted siding, had burnt to hell chicken that the dogs wouldn't even touch.
don  u2019t arm-wrestle guys, it  u2019s not worth it.
[idiocracy missed a trick.](http:    www.youtube.com  watch?v=wag1r6zw7bg)
i properly undid 3+ years of night time retainer wearing.
couldn't find my college class so i went to the college library where i was browsing tumblr, instead of trying to find to my class, screenshots of 'explicit' content which i was trying to scroll past on tumblr was screenshotted by admins who work in the library and sent to my college lecturer, they phoned my parents and have called a meeting for tuesday afternoon and i'm probably going to be kicked out of college because i'm on a trial period anyway. i'm from the uk and i've just turned sixteen, so this is a big deal.
the wood happened to shy away when the beaver came near.
dont ever condemn your pets for pooping on the floor.
went out drinking last night, got hammered. trusted a fart and pretty much shit myself.
knew i had to give a speech, but didn't write a speech
played league, wasn't paying any attention to anything else, unknowingly let a drunk guy pee on my roommate's desk.
tube delays lead me to take a   u00a325 tour of london, rip my tights, and ruin my reasonable attempt at a diet, whilst extending my journey home from 53 minutes to approximately 2 and a half hours
kanye west caused an awkward moment with my dad.
boil almost destroyed my eyeball because i wanted to pop a pimple. i'm a terrible writer but i hope i got the point across.
tifu by giving a crazy bitch, who was looking for something to complain about something she thought good enough to freak out about.
put fish oil capsules in my bra. they exploded leaving me smelling like a 2nd rate seafood emporium.
i got arrested because i walked into my friend's house to avoid getting a second open container, only to get it anyway along a with burglary charge.
reset the counter
masturbating, room mate comes in, put warm laptop on my dick to rectify the situation. unending shame.
got drunk, accidentally ate a crunchy bug out of some cookware that was left outside. it didn't taste like anything, and honestly, while drinking the rest of my current beer after my realization, my brain wanted to throw up, but my stomach obviously didn't mind.
thought some dude was trying to burglarize cars in a mall parking lot. called 911. the dude was just putting flyers on the cars.
i fell asleep like an angle and woke up with pain from hell.
chugged prune juice and shit my pants in my classroom with students present.
- just eat a friggin' slice of pizza before going out drinking.
i called a girl thunder thighs, punched her in the face, and then kicked her knee.
was swimming someone decided to show off their meat muscler to me and my friends.
tifu by taking pink spandex from an old gf, not doing my laundry, wearing the spandex, going to mcdonald's, and smoking cigarettes. hopefully this will be incentive to quit...
cleaned up after someone with explosive liquid diarrhea. on what should have been my day off. with only two hours of sleep. for $8.25 an hour.
    i went to a bar after work, forgot where i parked my car, reported it to the police, gave everyone i know a heart attack because i said my car was stolen and now i look and feel like a total tardo
was arrested, friend misunderstood the situation and accidentally lied to my gf, made homeless multiple times because of it, now the charges are finally going to be dropped, 600 dollars returned, i've lost 20 pounds in a month, and i've got a whole new life ahead of me (:
got white girl wasted on prom, kicked out of house, sat interrupts hangover time, my parents are lucky i got into college
i harmed a mole in order to protect my garden, it might die now because i cannot supply it with food.
i injected too much long acting insulin and nearly killed myself
told a black person to go back to africa, prof unreasonably upset.
i fucked up after a trip to vegas and took prescription sleep aids in the morning on my way to work.
lied to bus driver, banned from school bus, recently divorced dad has to drive me to school and be late for work the rest of the trimester fml
tray goes bang and i go red.  bosses get pissed.  fml.
dogs lock drunk girls out of the house after midnight.
i thought i broke the computer. buy my dad candy and write appology. dad does a (stupidly) simple fix. i am dumb.
ate food that didn't agree with stomach, tripped and had diarrhea all over staircase.
i had to take two showers this morning because i wiped my face with a rag covered in shit water.
i swapped packages i was suppose to be sending to two different important recipients. now i have to wait for the packages to come back, re-label them, pay some more shipping fees, and send them back.
i took my sister too literal by 'watching my nephew' and let him do whatever he wanted to and he hit his head on the floor badly.
i shit myself, skinned my dick, balls, and thigh, and tore my asshole on a rope swing.
lost a 500 calorie sandwich in my house while trying to cheat on my diet.
accidently dipped my shirt into someone's frothy load of cum and piss on the back of the toilet. ew.
i let my cat in to sleep with me and she vomited all over my bed-sheet and floor
i drank tea out of a jar containing spoiled apple sauce and may have given myself some kind of rare tropical disease.
there is no fear quite like realizing you're about to barf at work and the only available toilet is filled with poop.
work construction, hammered my finger... felt like crap... i crapped... bad friday.
refused to come in without pay, ended up with an infinitely better job.
took a nap under a conference table, woke up to a conference going on above me. was forced to interrupt the conference to go back to work.
i really needed to piss so i did it behind the school piano. some of it went onto the floor, but the majority went over my school uniform and i spent the rest of the day smelling like a dirty tramp.
mistook a guy's school bag  laptop bag for a ladys purse.
turn your music down
got high, tried to eat some burger buns, turned out the mold made them look like tribbles :p
planned my whole senior prom out and it turned out to be the same night as a performance of a big stage production that i'm a huge part of. and i didn't realize it until tonight.
drunk, stoned, pale, sweaty, vomit, shits from hades, bonus awesome blowjob.
went to poop, sister was in bathroom for years, pooped myself, didn't finish poop, felt urge to poop again, this time mother was in bathroom, pooped myself again
fell asleep, felt like falling pulled dick like it was a bungee rope
ladies, if you have pets, keep your bathroom door closed.
pocket dialed an awesome woman i only just met while getting awkwardly hit on by a second girl i only wanted to be friends with.
i got too drunk and pissed on my grandmas nightstand with her sleeping right next to me.
ate more jalapenos than my b-hole could handle.
actually, not in the mood. just read it.
as a child, op loves playing with electricity, plans backfire, limbs feel like bees.
i got a concussion and a neck injury in school.
called my wife stupid in baby voice repeatedly to my 2 month old, like a giant inflamed cockjuggling moron asshole.
sent my gf at the time a message calling her a lost bitch. wasn't meant for her.
was being rushed, crashed, dropped class, owe tons of money
friend flips off camera on rollercoaster, gets escorted away by security
if you go hiking, remember that leaves work like 8-ply toilet paper.
kicked door, face was in the way. fucked it right up.
tried to shoot off nine mortars at once, one fell over and blew up on my friend's eight year old sister
wrote a passive aggressive letter to my grandma. she snoops through my laptop, finds it, then starts crying. me, being an asshole, decides to ignore it and continue on with my day.
i accidentally had bind-blowing mouse scat sex.
tried to break up with girlfriend after friend died, still stuck with girlfriend.
i hit my balls with the remote.
me and my friends got caught in a locked closet messing with our packages.
my asshole parents are quite possibly the most unreliable and untrustworthy people on the face of the planet and i might be sent to court or have to file bankruptcy because of their dipshittery.
i broke a can of fluorescent paint, now everything looks like a whorehouse under black light
too many pickles leads to uncontrollable diarrhea. plan accordingly.
condoms are to make love, not war.
accidentally mortared my nephew and blew holes in my lawn
i singled a kid on a baseball team out because he wasn't looking at the camera.  turns out he has a lazy eye.
brushed teeth with hair gel on accident; vomited everywhere.
fried my milk factory. read the post.
was playing lol naked, ironically reach to close bottle and spill it in my lap instead. contents of bottle were 100% acetone.
waved at my neighbour while biking, ended up with a broken bike.
was eating my lunch too fast, and sneezed it all over a girl i like.
effectively vaporized turkey and coated the surrounding trees with it.
got locked out, climbed through window, neighbors called police, almost got arrested
the only sober person at a party hurts themselves the most, so always drink kids
opened a valve during a watercut, flooded someones apartment and the one below.
i'm never getting invited to church again.
i inadvertently added a little secret ingredient to a friend's chili at a chili cook-off.
went to work hungover, fell asleep, woke up to freaked out coworkers because i was moaning in my sleep.
i stole snow from my lovely neighbor who called the cops for grand theft snow.
i got so nervous that i gave the food to the wrong person and i'm racist.
while my day seemed to start off right, i proceeded to get into two different accidents. one this morning because of icy slush, and then later coming home from school b  c of a motherfucking deer. i also have a test tmrw that i havent studied for.
i accidently microwaved dry pasta and plastic, now throat hurts. and i smell like a chemical factory.
i  u2019m a dumbass and forced one of the most important machines in my lab to shit itself.
tried to use a tampon, blood and shit everywhere.
slept through my only social opportunity for a while
: gf visits in brand new car, i fucked up by crashing it into concrete.
drunk bitches be tripping
i am a dumbass.
didn't realize   "keep the change  " meant   "that's the only tip you're getting  " so i tipped really well.
got a virus, slept for the entire day, then got invited out to a dessert restaurant, resulted in episodes of vomiting in the middle of the night.
went to vegas. porn cards accepted. conservative family saw them right before great grandmas funeral
i spend 4 years at university and i can't even operate an atm properly.
went to big day out, boss found out took a sick day for a music festival lost my job
girlfriend of a year broke up with me after heated argument because i wouldn't tell her a surprise.
trying to put on the moves i get snot on wife's nose, try to backpedal by pointing out that semen is also basically snot.
tried to light a battery powered candle, i am laughed at. it's still funny though.
gave his grandma a nice sticky cum handshake.definitely going to hell.
:fucking food poisoning.
farted, hemorrhoid ensued.
one of my clients actually recycles
yelled   "oh my god!  " and hung up on a gay's rights activist because i thought it was a recorded phone call, feel like a complete asshole for it.
bought speakers online as overstock, didn't research the brand, and only today discovered that they're absolute crap. (and probably 15 years old)
have an awesome threesome, but pay for it by getting cat hair and dander all over my lady bits (i'm allergic to cats).
got distracted while putting water flavouring in my water bottle, started to overflow, i put my mouth over it to stop, inhaled some powder and ate some gelatin crap that was created, vomited and slipped into my own puke.
my friend has a major nosebleed, thanks to my elbow. also, she's perfect.
15 year kid makes simple batch file gets 50+ students in iss and is consider infamous hacker by half the
didn't quarantine myself when i was violently ill, spread debilitating plague to the rest of the house, hospitalizing 2
i drank jack3d before playing roller derby and it made me feel so invincible that i ended up in the er.
fuck group work.
i gave an old woman the shocker at the chiropractor's office.
grandmas, who are secretly first world anarchists, cause me to wipe out off my bike and experience some hardcore road rash as a result of not following the rules. my dad, who tries to help me recover, becomes a jelly doughnut.
:  separating dog fights involve occupational hazards.
plot twist...
thought i had enough gas to make it to work and back. nope.
- i made a girl cry by reminding her of a horrific event in her life.
got the house number wrong on a birthday card with a voucher in it, it's lost in the post.
donated blood, watched a friend pass out threw up and felt horrible 0-10 would not do again.
i really hate bugs. :c
ate  drank too much, shit my pants while watching hockey.
extra fuel = extra anxiety
thinkgeek + corporate zombies = fail.
no sex at friend's house for a few days, went to jack off in bathroom, gf walked in
; pass your fucking classes.
drank enough vodka to kill a guy, went from conservative to drunk ho, pissed off all the people i care about most and kind of want to kill myself now.
shaved balls with dad's razor, blocked the drains, had to confess, pick out my pubes, and dad told everyone.
flicked the bean, walking with a lean.
kid was jumping up and down in poop.
i was in the middle east for an unknown reason, feel in love with a beautiful woman, and my terrorist attack was thwarted by armed guards. then disney world!
went for a drive to get some experience on some country roads, ended up crashing and causing   u00a3500 worth of damage.
a female friend and i were joking around and her finger accidentally wound up in mouth, making me look like i licked  sucked her finger.
got drunk, thought i was invincible, fell down a flight of steps and severely fucked up my ankle and pride.
take a laxative, desperately need to shit at 4am, toilet wont flush and spend the next 2 1  2 hours trying to fix the toilet as quietly as possible so i don't have to wake my host and tell her i had diarrhea.
don't rush through shaving down there, if you don't think you have time, don't bother.
i almost broke the neck on roy orbison's gibbo.
so that's what getting a bj from a dragon feels like.
drinking can affect long term memory too.
got stain  poly on my hands, then fell down the steps.
tried to buy a cooch buzzer and ended up crying in walmart.
tried offering old woman on the bus a seat, tripped up and fell on her
accidentally switched to my desktop with a picture of spring brakers (the movie) during a serious and important business meeting.
went to grab food --> tied up dog while inside --> came outside to find her missing --> search for an hour --> cop waves me down saying he found the dog.
i thought i was smoking marijuana, but i was tricked into smoking meth.
grandpa and i move bed. he finds my anal toys, tosses bag to the side. no conversation about it.
wiped ass with poison ivy
fell for a girl.
dipped my phone in my own lube
i can't buy more bread so my face has turned red.
trying to kill ants i got hand sanitizer in my eye.
the title says it all
i have an umbrella that looks like a sword and i work at a college. someone saw me with my umbrella on campus and reported it to the police, causing us to go into lockdown.
i accidentally texted my boss calling him an asshole.
raised leg to fart, shat a bit on pinky toe. (i'm sorry!)
poor, poor stan.
broke off my 2 front teeth with my macbook because i stretched and it slid, best friend saw
grandparents are frugal and only flush the toilet once a day. didn't check to see if the seat was up. fell into shit and piss.
tifu. :(
shit my pants at work and cut a rip in them to go home without suspicion.
2 girls want me. i am getting pissed as a and i have been together for 10 weeks, and b wanted to kiss me in sport shed @ school. fuck my whole entire fucking life.
i defied gravity and shit on my shirt
pissed pants, tossed underwear out the window, going commando with piss pants for the rest of the day.
stuck a toy in my cunt, regretted it greatly
i almost broke my computer because of my horny desires
i got my nose broken by telling yo momma joke to the wrong person
frat put superglue in vaseline, used said vaseline as lube for anal sex. humiliation level 9000
pressed a panic button in the office at work; had a swat team show up for dinner.
credit card transaction was rang up as cash, card was not charged, customer paid nothing for $1000 worth of merchandise
forgot to edit class project, no one wants to talk to me.
read the title
went through anixety hell all week to join a pre-med frat, got the acceptance letter, forgot to call to confirm, too late now t_t
delicious pocket snack inadvertently triggers a tsunami of shit that wrecks up our house, wife and i clean up with comically ineffectual tools.
told a customer to eat a dog biscuit and he wolfed that shit down.
    the first product to have a bar code was wrigley's gum
who would have thought that eel and tuna were a recipe for anal lube?
post office didn't forward my mail to me and i lost out on a job
i am a dumbass and left an illegal surprise in the vehicle of a very lucky random person.
cat decided to piss on me while i was using the bathroom.
got horny, got drunk, unprotected sex, skeeted, hit girlfriend's mother.
i shat my pants and kicked myself outside half naked and had to call my grandfather to let me in.
    : didn't save copies and lost all of the footage for my aunts wedding when i dropped my laptop and destroyed my hard drive
i got my so a bunny and went to her house, wasnt there so i waited, her mom, her and a friend pull up and scare me off, so lets friend call me a creep, i lose faith in being a good guy.
i won a challenge set by my brother to eat hot just-out-of-the-oven lasagne, resulting in a badly burnt tongue.
tried to make my friend laugh, ended up essentially saying i picture her being a stripper.
off chops at 9am at uni
i thought monty python's 'rabbit of caerbannog' was loose in my apartment last night, turns out it was just my right hand.
almost got beaten up gta style by some guy with road rage.
don't keep a wild boy on a leash...
i danced too hard and smashed my fun pouch with my disco stick.
: i drank to way too much and threw up everywhere without realizing it.
forgot my gun in my bag, brought it into work, freaked when i couldn't find it when i got home.
got ambushed by a house centipede, tried to save my beer instead of myself and ended up fucking up both.
got drunk, left my best friend high and dry to persue a girl and now regrett sleeping with her because i haven't moved on from my ex yet and really hating myself.
lost all chances of getting hooked up at a great school by telling my coworker about my rejection letter.
thought i was going to take a poop-got blasted in the face by toilet water.
shat myself twice because i was to lazy to shit.
destroyed ipod, factory reset psvita, fucked up chrome, and downloaded windows 8.1.
ship, sheep, porn, shit!
forgot i can't eat lactose, ate lactose, shat myself during a test.
[fuck that guy.](http:    www.youtube.com  watch?v=jigcgh5nj5a)
premier pro is stupid and zooms in on clips. it zoomed in on my friend (crush)'s ample bosoms during one minute of a scene which i didn't notice due to lack of sleep. to the entire class of hundred students and one strict professor. f       premier pro.
some fat fuck brony was using our computer lab to jerk himself off to furry porn, leaving cum on the mouse.
crapped my pants at the park while giving a high five.
i destroyed the face of an actor with the battering ram filled with the corpses of those that should be buried.
i had sex with my sleeping gf then found out she was hiv+
i'm a dumbass who broke perfectly good earphones because i was too fucking lazy to try them in something else.
pissed on my friend's dog and he slept with it.
i had a wet dream and came in my own ass.
dropbox synced my photos and my mom's on the same account. she saw inappropriate photos.
razors aren't made to be dildos.
i can't make drinks.
spartan-kicked open a door, knocked a bitch out, punched out her boyfriend
girlfriends dad wiped my semen all over his body.
didn't check voicemail, didn't get a message about a big job interview, check your damn voicemail
didn't beat husband to bathroom while having diarrhea, went to tree line, neighbor comes out and i spew liquid shit all over his legs and feet... fml
i popped 2 stitches on my dick where a cyst had just been removed.
pooping cost me 27 flights of stairs and a painful leg cramp.
google maps car recorded me embarrassingly trying to catch my bus.
accidental suicide threat, didn't turn out as bad as expected.
i bought rocket fuel for my lighter and it tastes like shit.
i need a girlfriend that isn't condiment based
i was a loudmouthed know-it-all in my final class for the day even though i promised myself i wouldn't be, and as a result i was very mildly publicly shamed. so now i stick out in this class when i would have otherwise been fine. people will forget, but i am trying to keep these kinds of incidents to a minimum. i'm actually working hard on being a more socially graceful person. i feel like when i talk i try too hard to sound intelligent, which just makes me sound insecure. confident people don't feel the need to drop ten-dollar-words all the time, because they know they have the   "green light  " socially to say what's on their mind. or something like that.
don't trust a fart. ever.
teenage son thought i was dying when in reality i was just enjoying a very good shower.
i'm wearing an adult diaper the next time i eat sunday dinner with my boyfriend's family.
i went on this subreddit in school and got reddit blocked.
don't work a drive thru window after drinking a large pop.
got drunk, and puked on a child
my dog shit his pants.
don't eat food, spit it out then eat it again.
     missed my auto insurance payment because i'm irresponsible, now i'm freaking out because i don't know if i have enough money to cover the late policy and afford rent and my other payments for this month.
fucked roommates little sister while he was in the room, not sure if he noticed
i was singing dick in a box while i ran to the gym and people heard me and laughed at  with me.
i tried cleaning a 5 blade razor with my thumb.
don't trust blue drinks and never mix too much alcohol in the same night.
  "sorry dude - you haven't replied in the specified time period, we have to offer it to someone else. thanks for the support!  "
shat my pants on a bus tour.
    : doritos locos fell on ground, teddy pounced on it like a ratched slut looking for dick, woke up hours later to find dog diarrhea running down my face, have to take shower and pick out chunks of shit out of my hair, re-enter room, looks like a mudslide swept through my bedroom, clean poo, cry, exile teddy to laundry room, share story on reddit
      cockblocked by krieger and his inappropriate erections.
believed my son when he swore he didn't have to shit. got stuck in five mile backup. kid really had to shit.
i had a smoldering cougar give me the   "i want you to be the pound master of my vajmahal  " look and i didn't know what to do.
she wasn't pregnant. i'm happy. you guys are awesome. forgot password.
   moved in with roommates, didn't make sure they understood not to wash cast iron. pan got washed, is practically factory new. tehtreats cried.
was raped by a bear and can't remember it because i was sleepwalking.
tifu by sending our first client the wrong email.
i kissed a bathroom floor and got herpes.
i shoved a mechanical pencil down my urethra and then had to go to the hospital to get it removed.
there's a time and a place for sexy-times.  a school is never the place, no matter the time.
i accidentally kicked a weeaboo in her omanko and it wasn  u2019t kawaii. now suddenly i'm an ijiwaru!
left a wine glass in front of a loud television and it fell off the side. my music breaks glass.
i slept with my gf's best friend.
     i stayed at a guy's house with my boyfriend, had a pretty awesome time. when i woke up, i found a huuuuge blood stain on my shorts and tried to fix it. got home really late, mom was pissed at first. now boyfriend wants to talk to me about something and won't tell me why. also, i can't handle alcohol.
anchored a boat, floated away, had nervous breakdown while trying to get it back.
don't have dry sex (or not wet enough sex)
i forgot to take laxatives, tore my anus, overdosed on laxatives and then created a small explosion in my ass
went jogging, shit myself. also i need a new bathroom rug.
i fucked up by pouring grainy body wash into my fresh knee scab, resulting in manly half-tears
dropped my new glasses through a propeller into a river on day one of two of a school trip that cost over $300 to go on.
didn't use pantene, got herbs up my urethra
let loose a mini-nuke of molten poop all over my shower.
please read but if u didn't, i hooked up with ex and even though i know she doesn't want to be serious i got attached and i think she is sleeping with someone else which made me super depressed and angry and i took more vyvanse than i should have.
i can make the jump.
bought a butterfly knife trainer, carried it around on the street, got stopped by the cops because someone thought i was on my way to kill someone and called the cops
meant to take sleeping drug, took amphetamine instead.
:was with friends, shock from 5' jump onto tramp went entirely into right knee joint.
a sudden incest appeared.
accidentally made my uncle looks like a cancer patient again.
sent an email from a wrong address, essentially told my professor that my name is now daddy.  awkward sexual tension expected.
chicken, sriracha glaze, thai sauce and broken glass sandwich
i cannot technology, and somehow, through my astronomically terrible luck, saw literally the last thing on earth that i'd ever fucking want to see.
1 shop vac + 1 space heater + 1 space case = blown fuse & i'm getting dressed in the dark.
; i aproach super sexy, female, walmart employee. spill soda all over her, me and the floor, then ask her for the location of gushers.
tifu by running into a girl, causing her to get a concussion, and sidelining her from sports.
: jacked off after touching spicy food, received the equivalent of hulk's indian sunburn.
chiweenie snuck past me while i wasn't looking and got hit by a van that drive off. donny was out of his element =(
punching bag for valentines. broken bones. artist's hands. life ruined. happy valentine's day, babe.
gf of 3mos tells me she loves me for the first time. i give her 2 thumbs-up and walk away.
virus attaches images from history to parents work emails
substituted gravy with pancake batter.
set up prank for little brother, get soaked by sprayer meant to fool brother.
i fucked up by being unable to control my laughter over a child who tripped during a veterans' day ceremony.
offered to make change for a fake $50 for a stranger @ the mall. realized immediatly. security and police busted kid for fake bills!! day made!
rushed to zip his pants up to avoid getting caught in the middle of a blowjob, zipped up his dick.
i got so high that i ate 4 boxes of oreos and released my liquified bowels on a bush and the roof of a parking garage
me and my boss messed up on our job, water pumped out freely for nearly 2 days and flooded the building with about a foot of water. owner lost a couple thousand dollars. bathroom floor drains saved the situation from becoming worse.
used a toothbrush as a in ass prank,forgot to clean it,brushed my teeth
tifu by accidentally letting my gf's mother see my cock on skype.
(lack of sleep + work + hunger + urge to shit) + all in one shower = not good
barfed in thermos while driving home.
i might get thrown out of my house at 19.
was pre-occupied, got mad at seat-neighbor and left my 3ds xl on the plane.
left the dog gate open, dog got out, spread mom's used condoms everywhere, had to clean up old semen. lesson learned.
really? anyways i fall asleep at the wheel and manage to total my mother's suv while knocking down an old tobacco barn and 2 trees.
had amazing sex that turned out shitty.
tifu bye rubbing chili oil from my sub-par washed fingertips into my mustache while browsing reddit
tried to   "bond  " and do good deed for brother and end up disappointing him
was going to check phone, accidentally grabbed a left tit.
i got fired from my job when immigration arrested me thinking i was my brother and spooked three clients who backed out causing the firm to lose two million of potential business.
talked about looking like a rapist; looked like the world's most retarded person.
a bunch of guys at the hardware store got a good look at my nuts and bolts.
ate a stale french fry and cried about it later.
sat next to a blind guy on my flight and was mad at him for being a dick, didn't realize he was blind and totally not a dick.
i ripped my butthole open with john wayne tp, and now my anus is bleeding.
went for a swim with a girl, got brain damaged.
despite my efforts at safety and the sheer astronomical odds of it all 3 out of 60 rounds i fired from my rifle during target practice missed 2 dirt berms a creek wall and every tree in a 10 acre forest and hit my parent's neighbor's house. no one was hurt.
i nearly made my dad get in a fight with a mexican by not thinking before i speak.
fell over in woods, cut penis, shits were shat
left some nails in my pocket, went to wash in a borrowed washer, exploded said washer.
my cat sharted on the couch.
unwittingly mentioned the elephant in the room; keeping it real went wrong.
broke two cars, still getting laid.
i empty the contents of a college-acceptance party all over the hairdresser and run off.
was reunited with my homegirls. pooped myself.
- i can lactate blood
if you see someone on the side of the road, don't stop unless you know they're hurt. they could try to claw your eyes out.
bro convinces me parking on a fire lane in his complex is fine, end up getting my car towed, suggests i re-park in another   "safe  " tow zone.
shook a bottle of coke like i would a flavoured milk in an exam. ruined exams, phone and social life.
took a nature walk last night and a twig scratched a part of my eye lens off, now i'm sitting in my room playing pirate with a sock tied around my head.
misunderstood directions, dick broken
i locked some random guy's bank account
i was high and wanted a snack thinking it would make my night great, made it shitty instead.
got one of the spiciest peppers in the world on my genitals, and i had to ride the pain out for an hour.
used fake keycard got caught might effect possible college choice
had sex at a girls house, evil dog steels used condom to plot attack on her little brother....
fuck you for not reading it took me forever to type this.
- finger up the nose makes for a messy morning.
shit pants mid air, puke and shit everywhere
stepped on my guitar case. it's fucked.
i wrote supreme cunt on a document submitted to the supreme court and it wasn't caught by my spell check.
stood up to my boss. phrased it poorly. he flipped out and called me a horrible negative person. now i'm unemployed.
tifu by posting my nude on facebook
programming is hard, flunked job coding exam, i'm in bed curled up groaning.
prostitutes usually make more than change.
called a jamaican an african american and got kicked out
tifu by being too excited about dlc for a game, get off work, get on train while browsing said game's subreddit, get onto the wrong train going 40 minutes in the opposite direction...and it's an express.
helped wife pick out home d  u00e9cor at target. almost cut my thumb off opening said d  u00e9cor. er trip and 11 stitches.
my cats predator instincts caused him to maim my happy fun time parts after defecating
my bum is broken
wheelie fail = glass in ass
don't bother trying to make friends just stay home
accidentally reported a teacher(my friend has a crush on) while trying to protect him from being reported.
i ate sulfuric acid and lived to tell the tale.
got trolled by the smudge on   r  creepy, now my boss may realize how useful i really am.
i drugged my best friend with a pot edible. she ended up in an ambulance.
allergic to ants, took phone call in comfy shorts commando, sat on recently sprayed porch, assumed it was safe, got bit on the asshole by ant, begin terrible reaction in nether regions.
shitty morning got even shittier when i managed to miss my final; may convert to a religion if this works out somehow

floated along on my bike, got stung by a bee...in the mouth.
had a m  u00e9nage   u00e0 trois ended up cheating with my so with other participant.
my girlfriend thinks i think she used to be a man, so she took off
: went to street fair, spent a fortune to a child on a girl, was dumped the next day
told my crush about   r  relationship, thought she didn't understand anything at all. i was posting some awkward posts there about her. she found my account and read everything. she didn't like it. i hate my life
; pulled of trousers of a person with down syndrome in front of more than 20 people, thinking it was a classmate of mine
redditentity blown, everything downvoted for fun
got into university, and in my excitement i jumped for joy, landed on my foot and severely damaged it. won't know what's up for a day or two.
i accidentally threw my degu into a wall with my foot.
went for a run on ambien. got 7 stitches. yes, i fucked up.
goes drunk then accidentally texted my office (i think i texted my boss) that i got drunk. luckily they didn't know who am i.
i threw on a run play, and got yelled at.
just barely realized i'm apparently still an idiot high-school kid who has no idea what to do when he crushes on a girl. girl is now getting married in four months to a good friend of mine.
i thought my maths exam was tomorrow but it was today. made it in time to finish the paper, all is good. read your exam timetable.
if you have the chance to kill a nasty ass roach, don't miss.
blasted trap music in the quiet section of the library where i already dont fit in(hispanic;asians,whites, & indians) blasted porn in my family's sanctuary now can't sleep  finals tomorrow and still have to study fml.
made a bet with teacher to watch vader vs hitler erb. won. class was really awkward during watching and felt embarrased.
was hooking up with hot girl and moaned, said i was thinking about my elderly maths teacher
shot my brother in the face. he shot me in the arse
[there's shit everywhere](https:    www.youtube.com  watch?v=hrx49-leire)
my friend grew tired of a depressed miserable fuck (that happens to be me) and now ignores me.
tried to get my girlfriend to support hitler becoming the most popular kid in high school, now i'm single.
always use headphones
don't dip boys and girls.
tried to save a frog's life, had a shitty outcome.
sold a $150 item for $100 because i didn't do enough research
thought my screensaver was a hacker, called the bank and changed all my passwords...
caught my fiance with eye liner on, which he failed to wash off. did some snooping, and found his crossdressing backpack (w 2 adult phallic toys) and a thumb drive with videos he made where he   "does  " himself to completion.
helped a kid, someone confused me with a child molester, got arrested and karma saved my butt.
accidentally ordered pizza has hitler and pizza guy was a huge dick about it
i try to save $200 by buying an iphone from ebay, but end up loosing $400 by buying a shitty phone.
my drunk neighbor unknowingly slept in bed with my boyfriend and me. i learned that it is in fact possible to fit 3 adults in a twin sized bed.
i made my cookies disappear....not in the fun way :(
got high off shrooms, went to an ebassy, they had a candlelight vigil, i was scared shitless, i said honest thoughts and secrets to my friends...i felt embarrassed.
i showed my crush tinder. what do you think happened?
pharmacophobic girl is now confronted with her fear all the time because she hurt her back
listened to a guy's day about bad luck. he had a seizure, lost his license; and found out he had parkinson's all in one morning.
repeatedly shared nsfw pictures with my friends, got warned a few times by facebook. and eventually, got my account disabled.
slept in hotel, left chocolate surprise for housekeeping
gorilla tricked me into a game of tug-o-war and i lost.
boosted a kid. coaching a kid. boosted kid tells kid being coached he's bad. tell coaching kid that i boosted that kid. hell breaks loose.
bought a soda for my wife, spilled it over myself and car, now am sticky and sweet from my head to my feet like def leppard. fuck you dr. pepper.
aunt lent me a flash drive with her life's work in it, i backed them up but lost them and deleted the contents of the flash drive out of superstition.
by being a woman... who couldn't hold back the tides of nature. telling this story almost makes me want to cry all over again... :''(
went out partying with my girlfriend, didn't pee, ended up peeing on her and the bed
summary: i walked my dog met an interesting person. don't see her for 5 months, i end up in her pooper. while her husband drives in. i sweat my balls off in the closet next to a shotgun, until they went out for dinner.
brushed teeth naked, slipped on floor and spat toothpaste on stomach, little girl sees me naked groaning on the floor with white stuff on my chest
stranded at the airport after uncles think i'm in the car
tried fixing steam client, lost most of my games with it, steam client still not fixed.
brother asked me to meet his friend by highway to pick brother up. parked my truck waiting for him. got mistaken as an accomplice in a bomb scare. dickhead brother and friend end up not needing me for pick up.
failed an ap class, summer school over the easier version of the cp version of the class. prison high school. monster of a teacher. already thinks i'm a punk. grasping on to sanity for the next two hours.
i've just fucked up with my money by purchasing hardware from amazon and had to pay a large sum of import tax and amazon can't ever give me any information for that.
made a girl think she had payed for a   u00a3 550.98 laptop and she didn't find it funny.
r  jokes isn't r  legaladvice so don't try them in legal situations.
wiped keyboard too roughly, key broke off, got a replacement only after 4 months.
had the time of my life with a girl. jerks come. i am a coward now. crush is gone.
plugged in a customers portable dvd player the wrong way and fucked it.
gave some girl my assignments, she didn't change a word before submitting them, now i'm a cheater and my grade is dead
shot cannon orgasm over phone by mistake phone commits suicide
young and stupid me decides to drive hands-free while eating a burrito and playing with the radio. promptly proceeds to hit deer and rack up a $500 repair bill. rednecks retrieve deer from center of road presumably in order to eat  it.
? i'm flipping out over literally nothing and having anxiety attacks up the ass too....fml. god damn it! this is all true fyi.....i'll update tomorrow morning around 9:00 gmt (denver time zone)
i met jabba the hut, but not the girl.
i found a toy belonging to my dad
food too oily, anus not strong enough, asian boy needs therapy.
got more or less laid, dislocated my shoulder twice, got blue-balled, made small talk with a granny.
i thought i was cream of the crop, proceeded to impolitely boast at others for my amazing intelligence, lost the first round of the spelling bee
blow job > blowing nose
for months i thought i saw 2pac holding a white baby but it was a  big, black, big ass muscles man holding a white baby.
forgot phone passcode, got shit talk from a stupid hoe
tifu by telling a five year old to hide and she ended up stuck in a tree for 4 hours.
stung by a bee, people giggle.
keep track of your passport
- divulge of human contact, i make awkward conversation with my brand new neighbor, who probably thinks i'm crazy
: girlfriend of two years expecting proposal, gets an   "i love you <3  "
my brother has been using my sexy-times hair brush to brush his hair.
fucked a grad and got vomit over all my clothes for my sins.
decided to put icy hot on my beef. ended up with a spicy burrito that almost killed me.
gf wanted to prove she didn't have a problem w   smoking, underestimated my tolerance, she got super high, passed out in front of my mom
took cousin to glow in the dark mini putt, ends up he cant see in the dark because of am eye disease... was awkward.
your parents still fuck.
     danced while stupid drunk and broke my ankle on holiday
drove slow, jammin diplo, kid and mom goes woah.
version: liked father's last two gfs. their departures hurts, so shields up captain. me with emotional shields up equals asshole. father's girlfriend very angry. don't wanna know what father thinks.
     read the title and use you imagination.
less game than a chess piece and probably denser.
let my dad's girlfriend stalk my crush on facebook and i ended up being the crazy facebook stalker.
i got a waterslide enema, shit myself and the waterslide and the slide had to be closed down for sanitary reasons.
i made a bad joke about cutting my fingers off in the meat department without knowing that the new guy had lost a finger cutting meat in the past, thus making an ass of myself.
farted cum, totally mortified
got angry at my game, reinstalled the game, forgot to write my recovery code down, lost 92 levels of experience, songs, and 40 in-game gems
stole a fire extinguisher and it went off in my car while on the highway.
i made a fairly long drive without my wallet, go home to get it, only to realize it was in the car to make the drive back.
shit on a boat and ruined a boat trip for many people.
made a stranger go on a date with me. mistakenly assumed my date would come in to coffee shop and not wait in car. missed several signals including third-person stories that indicated he was wrong person. was laughed at and trapped on four person date.
i spilled the beans of a proposal to the bride-to-be, then covered it saying that astrology is why it happened. now she believes in astrology more. and i hate astrology.
invited girlfriend's best friend down; convince him to burst into primate flatmate's room and eye his naked girlfriend, causing him to get charged at and almost shit himself. primate then has seizure a week later due to upset of social hierarchy.
babysat my mom's kitten who is basically just a little tornado that purrs.
goes from great guy in parents perspective to devil spawn in a matter of seconds because of a few picks and a novel of our love life scattered across snapchat and skype
used the wrong pocket for my phone and lost it at the cinema. found it using   "find my iphone  ".
had sex and she might be blind.
my gf ran a quick errand, i tried to be cute recreating one of those dramatic   "sitting in the dark waiting for cheating spouse or delinquent child to get home late  " scenes since i thought it would be easy and fun, laughed uncontrollably at my own genius and my gf walked in on me laughing in the dark and i had a wet bm on a chair that i suspect will have to be replaced along with five others in it's set.
found money, looked for money's owner frantically, turn money into the office, after leaving office realize the money was actually mine. can't go back because shame, yall.
friend didn't tell me which target he worked at, i drove to wrong one and made him late.
ate some chemically contaminated crackers and they caused me to almost poop my pants.
thought it would be funny to hit dog poop with a weed whacker. it was not.
i spent 30 minutes or so dumping hot water on a rental car that wasn't mine, to unfreeze a lock that wasn't frozen. great move, einstein.
sometimes the best way to get shit done is to puke over your opponents.
hot girl started looking through my new phone, i grabbed her hair, she wacked my hand away, dropped and shattered it.
i comforted the parents of a dead 28 yo autistic man by telling them that he was a great kid
went a bit too alpha on a squat and farted on a stranger.
i sat through an hour of ads in the movie theater to watch the wrong movie. ended up seeing pixels
turned down an opportunity to go to a club with a group of absolutely gorgeous ballet dancers because apple fritters
didn't notice i had a tick on my dick. might have to enjoy a 10 hour flight with this guy.
accidentally showed my gf's brother her naked pics.
underestimated strength, girl ended up with spider bukkake
trusted my fart, and ended up painting the bathroom brown.
was too cheap to buy condoms, had sex anyway, got girlfriend pregnant.
jizzed on my keyboard and then locked my self out of it because i'm a fucking retard.
i unwittingly induced a temporary psychosis by drinking on my adhd medication, verbally abused my girlfriend over the phone on her birthday, and i'm probably getting exactly what i deserve for it.
relieving stress with some good morning vibrations led to relieving my bladder onto my driveway later that night.
was afraid to clean the fan on my laptop for fear of breaking it. friend offered to do it and wrecked it. then wrecked a replacement motherboard.
my balls were taken on a tour of hell where hades dipped them in kerosene and then lit them on fire.
my eyeball is probably pregnant with my own child
    : a horny man had sex with a friend of his sister and her husbands. he wants to leave as a one-time thing, but he is worried about being blackmailed.
told a girl i am interested in i love her, was taken as romatically and not as a friend, she didn't think the same, apologized, she said no worries, still scared sh!less.
i twisted my dick to piss and had an awkward situation
did the cha cha, didn't slide, pissed people off
went back to the store to fix the error caused by the cashier, insulted the manager, threw a tantrum, destroyed the food display, caused a man in his 80s get injured, destroyed my gfs kitchen, she will not come back ever again, in over $7000 worth of charged, and they will rise.
had to explain to my son what a cum bucket was because of spongebob, while high on edibles
indian archer fan wears isis t-shirt to a popular, crowded amusement park.
first time i've ever introduced myself and asked an attractive girl on a date out of the blue. was rewarded for it by getting stood up.
i wanted to skate, she wanted to procrastinate?  (   u0361  u00b0   u035c  u0296   u0361  u00b0) (i suck at tl;drs)
neglect pumpkin, become lord of the flies.
i tried to explain to my teacher that i didn't get warnings about not playing with stuff and became a convicted school-wide criminal.
fucked up, got fucked up, got fucked
i don't know the drummer of devo.
if you ever need to cover up the scent of old spice fiji use cat pee.
water + a little blood = so many blood
pulled a jd and exploded a coke onto a teachers entire classroom that i then had to clean
house party + booze packed day + drunk crowd rooting other drunks on in drunken games = you thought you went to bed after the fight when in all actuality you puke in the bathroom and pass out and don't remember one punch of the fight of the century.
instead of ending an email with   "regards  ", called everyone   "retards  ".
i assaulted my principal with bread and got myself suspended
hopped a curb in a box truck, taking out a telephone pole and almost severely injured 3 people in a car trying to pass them on their right.
told a girl employee that i'll finger her instead of giving her the finger
parents, never borrow your teenage children's razors, especially if they are swimmers, because it has probably been places that would make you avoid it like the plague.
brand new job, fresh start, doing great, shit on all of it.
get more sleep, take the stairs
wore holy jeans, phone slipped through, so i danced my ass off in a tram.
digging a hole for my boss, boss's wife complemented my hole, i complemented hers.
fiance bought a dress for her mom's funeral, said it made my eyes hurt, world war 9 began ended when she returned the dress.
my razor slipped in the shower and i cut myself in the twat
didn  u2019t wrap cake in plastic wrap because frosting. bug attempts to murder my girlfriend  u2019s right boob and cake ends up on floor. bonus story we get pulled over and i am apple pie hero.
hooked up with a fat chick. told her i was gay because i couldn't get it back up. she turns crazy.
work in it, forgot my laptop outside the car while leaving, did roll over my laptop with my car.
women like to have someone there to watch them pee
sneezed while on period, left my mark on the office
i innocently closed a door, now i have a guy who wants to kill me in what i can only assume to be pretty gruesome ways.
tried being nice and it cost me $300
phone died but drove to girlfriend's place anyway. car died on interstate and waited a long ass time for someone to stop and help. charge your phone
assumptions could get you arrested.
i went to my friends house to smoke and he got into a royal rumble with his meth dealing parents. where i was almost lynched for making people laugh.
i mistook   "wants to add you as a friend  " for the suggested friends on the facebook phone app.
i let my deposit receipt fall into the machine, a boy gets stuck in there trying to get it back for me
shitty time traveling, got spit on by racist,punched racist, upset my grandmother, got arrested
forget to lock the door, girl sees me shit.
  u2013 slept on the floor in australia, wife got bitten near crotch by massive centipede. don  u2019t sleep on the floor in australia.
helped uncle, deemed security risk, girlfriend loses job and ultimately i lose the love of my life due to helping family.
be wary of wild, foreign girls
i pead my bed.
fml, i need more alarms.
tried to get some schnitzel from an exchange student...instead got my 18 year old heart broken.
i didn't do my job, and may fail my ass out of college.
almost got put in the slamma after being slammed, but my friends are semper fidelis in their acts of stupidity
didn't see obvious signs, realize them a year later, ask her out, she says yes, i go wayyyyy too fast, and she felt like she wasn't ready to date.
forgot to plug my deep freezer back in, and now i am cooking 20+lbs of meat at 2 in the morning.
i got a concussion from a pillow... while wearing a helmet
i am a fucking dumbass, but okay at basketball.
9  10 chick repeatedly hits on me and i basically cockblock myself multiple times by over thinking the situation
did shrooms in amsterdam, got arrested and released with no further punishment.
i lost the business over $100,000 being a smart arse.
danced some hot fires while making surgical incisions on my knuckle
lose balance on bus and threw phone at stranger.
misread and forgot about accommodation for university in the foreign country. now i'm homeless
is coming, and obvious   "this did not happen today  ". and this isn't really sexual, i hope it isn't tossed, i need to get heard and it isn't sex at all.
switched containers to cook my microwaveable rice in a bag, i apparently either didn't put enough water or the water flooded outside the container, resulting in the bag melting the side of the container and turning as black as a fucking piece of coal.
i took my first bong hit after chugging 5 beers to impress a girl and went lights fucking black out.
pepper sprayed the raccoons that own my dumpster at night, ended up getting myself.
faked a fire alarm unknowingly, almost got caught .
said one of hitler's 'friends' slept with 20,000 women
got high, ate too much, pooped too much.  got high, ate a little less, sharted and spilled a bong.
girl asked me why we werent dating, i replied   "idk  " proceeded to lose chances with her
my nice day was thwarted by the screaming banshee.
don't fap if you have poison ivy in your garden.
became reddit famous for buying chocolate instead of using my dick, ended up with a chocolate dick.
friend told me to go date a girl and start falling in love with her, a week later he tells me he likes her too. i said he could have her, now i feel horrible.
gave away free, pot wasn't enough, got a gun pulled on me and hit in the head with a bottle
feta cheeseburgers are gross and next time i will order a chedd  errrrrrrr   burger
tried to open a macadamia nut. ended up with a 16,000 euro hand operation. thumb lyf
i decided to use my dentist's old, creaky sink to wash off my hands. sink wouldn't turn off; fluoride mouthpiece prevented me from being able to call out for help. watched stupidly as sink overflowed.
attempted to join in a conversation with senior members of staff at work, accidently said that a black guy mentioned my name was on the news for drowning a child in a bathtub.
little brother playing the wrong music in a gang area and yells when i confront him ending up in a cup thrown at me leading to a broken tv.
sucked on my own arm because i was bored and gave myself a hickie.
played videogames with tinder match. got cockblocked by zombies.
- missed my chance to make out with my crush
i thought i knew a kid's sister, asked questions about her, and he ended up thinking i was a rapist or something.
friends dad went to bed early, i called him a bitch. next time we drank he got me way to drunk, and asked who the bitch was now as i was puking.
went full retard, traded a knife to a scammer who then blocked me... fun!!
don't think you're james bond when it comes to women.
my mental illness got me kicked out of residence
, went to get ice cream at the caf, one of my professors also wanted some, and i accidentally spit all over it.
always do your homework, kids.
trucker pumped the brakes abrutly and made my face kiss steel. i now have a tiny hole in my lip.
held one of the deadliest critters on the planet by mistake.
offered my seat to an old lady, got kicked out of the bus for being a   "devil worshiper  "
  "fuck math!  " = new class
; skipped breakfast before first tattoo, almost passed out.
were getting our car painted, didn't realize that spray painted profanities and dicks would bleed through when it was repainted, had to pay for a much more expensive paint job out of my own pocket.
asked a customer if he was paying for his mothers food. his mother turned out to be his wife. fml.
threw a rod on a huge yellow ford, decided to try a senior prank by disassembling it, only succeeded in unbolting the doors, which my dad discovered when he tried to open the door.
ate some lays new york reuben flavored potato chips.
i'm an inconsiderate tool.
; it thinks i like white guys with giant members
called teacher babe (and some), she heard me, got thrown into her class by friends.
signed a housing agreement with people i thought were amazing, ended up in a hellhole and lost money.
worked as a delivery driver, left an ipad on my roof and drove off due to being stressed for time, quit my job same night.
new job, work near penn state, fantasy football draft with coworkers last night, someone said   "eagles suck a bunch of little dicks  ", i said no that's penn state, and now i don't want to go to work
bought a dream concert ticket on viagogo. fu by trusting the viagogo guarantee.
so basically adidas tried to charge me twice for a pair of yeezys's put me into overdraft, and my work sacked me
upgraded to windows 10, hdd broke and i'm left with no money nor the ability to make some...
. i froze a galaxy tab 10in. at costco, noped away, couple tried to work it, no luck.
in hurry to get bro to work. turned corner when i shouldn't have, got ran into, parents really upset with me.
haven't used a keyboard in forever, failed the first paper i write for college
tried going to school while in the military. screwed up tuition assistance. now i have to come up with a way to pay $3,000 instead of $250 by the end of class.
had a storm this weekend. pulled over on the way to work this morning to remove a low hanging tree limb. truck slides into mud. call my towing insurance company. they send tow truck out, but take 7 hours to do it. in the meantime, someone calls the police to get my truck towed. going to cost me $350 instead of insurance. all of being an upstanding citizen.
friend used my knife (being the only knife) to cut meat, etc... for a meal while camping. didnt clean it, was returned to my pocket and i passed out with it in my pocket. ants in mah pants. panic and unpleasantries ensued.
; my friend came to my work after her puppy was killed. i tried to console her by telling her that the guy that helped her handle the situation had the personality of a   "puppy  ".
don't wear anything more than a shirt and pants in the dominican republic.
sold a gun to a well off engineer, which he used to carjack a lady in a 2000 grand am. now i want to buy the movie rights.
didn't go for someone who i liked quickly enough. now she is moving and i am sad :(
went on teachers computer that was connected to a projector, projecting onto the wall, wrote   "lesbian penuses  " and got caught & punished.
there's a cell phone video out there of my friends and i chanting for the complete and utter destruction of an ethnic minority.
drew gordon levitt instead of a hallway thus ending my term on jcl board.
so, in summary, we sold a car for $400. we killed our current car's battery and alternator by attempting to jump the car that we sold (and failed, we didn't even successfully jump the damn thing).  the damage cost us $606 to repair. selling our car today cost us $206. fuck.
showed up at the gym with a cum stain on my shirt.
i tried and failed to cheer someone up with a smile, back to my room to mope.
ate and drank almost nothing after a bad sleep and spent 4 hours in the sun on a hot humid day and nearly crashed... into the floor of the subway on the way home.
tried sticking up for a mentally disabled man by berating his co worker for berating him for being a few minutes late to his work place. in actuality, myself and the mentally challenged man forgot about daylight saving time. fml.
was jerking it naked, heard sounds, roommate came home, met him face to face with chalkboard in middle, played it off as chilling naked.
gave teacher phone to look something up, forgot to close pornhub night before she saw all the porn and laughed about it.
: don't trust your car in deep snow
i said hi and introduced myself to my bosses parents who don't speak english and was embarrassed and shamed by my manager.
blamed my fart on my gassy grandma, upset a dying woman.
shit stained clothes + mean popular boys + awkward, crying 10 year old =  ensued taunting
went to bake cupcakes with long distance relationship girl, got drunk, swayed into a mmf threesome in which i couldn't perform and walked 2 hours home.
always read the label before lubricating cooches... or, at the very least, ensure there is good water pressure in the tub.
turns out i facilitated a cheater.
fucked  washed my face with my potentially dead offspring.
aluminum foil started burning in a microwave, i put the fire out.
was drinking coke as a funny moment came by, coke all over my laptop making it feel sticky as if someone forgot to clean their laptop after.. you know what.
taken a shit so big it did not flush and got the toilet brush covered in shit after destroying the turd.
read the title
i tried to get with a slutty girl, didn't go through with it, ended up being accused of assault.
wet myself in my boyfriend's bed at the age of 17. he couldn't remember anything so i had to tell him the next day.
got caught satisfying my 13 yo urges by four elderly jehovah witnesses.
my cleaning lady ate an entire fucking edible and spent the afternoon high out of her mind on my couch.
kids don't think it's racist if you say   "brown  " instead of black.
don't poop and reddit.
mom tried to strengthen my faith, ended up with my semen on her.
: got drunk to celebrate my bday, puked in all the worst places and, after emerging from a pool of my own vomit, realized my mom washed my weed
i go to yugioh tournament don't eat or wash hands after days worth of communicating with people. i eat after the tournament and on the truck drive home i get diarrhea. i end up defecating myself and thrown in the trunk. make it to denny's while laying in a pool of feces run to denny's bathroom and clean myself.
went to a funeral for my dad's cousin's daughter's funeral, just after they had lost her mother, and said i was doing great.
; met a girl a year ago who is mormon, i'm not mormon anymore but i have kept it a secret from her this whole time. she thinks she is dating a mormon and i feel guilty for lying to her this whole time.
dog ate my cum.
tried beating the meat with toothpaste lube, burned like hell. 0  10. do not recommend.
came back home extra horney, jerked it off next to my mother by accident.
was super sick and high on cold drugs, thought my dad was an intruder in my delirium and then slapped the shit out of him
massive boner wreaking havoc on my girlfriends family cost me a relationship and scarred me for life
went to the ghetto almost got rekt m8, ,but seriously though i get scared every time i go there ):
accidentally wore shorts full of laundry soap on water ride, i was a mini washing machine in middle of park.
got called in to jury duty, drank coffee for the first time, shit myself in the parking lot.
got caught jerking off live on camera by my wife and her co workers.
tried to trim my cat's nails and turned her on instead. wound up sounding like a clueless dad while talking to the vet's office, and made an appointment to get her vaccinated and spayed.
tied a scarf around my face to prevent me from smelling dog shit ended up turning into a barrier trapping me in my own beef and cheddar vomit.
broke out of the friendzone while camping, didn't realize her brother was awake and aware of what was happening right beside him.
effectively consumed a cup and a half of coffee an hour after i had gone to bed
left king kong's finger in a library toilet, horrified several people, established a no-go zone, had a mental breakdown in a completely silent room of 200 people
partied all night, brewed up a shitstorm, overslept and forgot to shit before practice, went to shit at school, couldn't get door open so i shit in trash can, got caught.
gaydar broke, moron spoke.
my boyfriend now thinks i find father  daughter porn beautiful, and i'm having a difficult time convincing him i don't.
boyfriend ate me out and lied about not having a coldsore and now i have herpes.
thought pen lid was dog poop, yelled at dog, used glasses, sorry.
my dad told a pun so bad, that the cashier almost died and needed an epipen.
played a prank on librarian by lying to her that redtube.com is a classical music website, i got disciplined and redtube is banned in my country, depriving men from satisfying their sexual needs.
i'm a phone sex operator, my mom called during a work call and i accidentally picked up and asked if her balls looked like a pincushion.
was friendly with stranger waiting for bus in the middle of the night and was stalked halfway...
: went to the bathroom, toilet seat was loose, it slipped and pinched the skin of my left nut.
didn't wake up early, parents found my condoms.
white guy mexican girl sex mexico caught by pancho villa hot zone duck walk run walk escape
married, crush still waiting for divorce, 12 am and i am very very contradicted.
i accidentally spent $85 on peanut butter because my friend's cat died
toilet water = contact lens solution
    don't feed your dogs bread dough.     it leads to fountains of shit and drunk chihuahuas.
went out drinking, went back to a crazy cunts house, she put drugs in my asshole, i shit in a rice cooker
my girl met my mothers, mother says she look like her sister, sometimes i still get haunted by this words.
i flagged down a bus ahead of me and got a cramp the second it stopped for me
tried to bring ex-gf to the train while holding in my shit and shit all over the parking lot of a high class restaurant.
screen-shot funny profiles to post to   r  tinder from my iphone,  icloud shared those pics plus pics of my poop to a new ipad loaned to my coworkers.
: i was immobolised in a hospital bed and needed to pee. a hot nurse brings a pee bottle for me. i make the hot nurse look at my dick and then embarrass myself in front of him.
set email name to jesus, was emailing elderly black lady with that name, very grateful i didn't include profanity in the name...
i tried to kiss a girl after a basketball game and got slapped in the face.
customer went ape shit at me. i went into ape shit at him. got in shit with my manager and company.
laughed at my terrified cat, now his shitter is in my room and he does not flush or light a match.
learned what mustaches feel like up in my butt crack: not good
annoying girl that always tried to kiss me accuses me instead of trying to kiss her, tells the principal on me, i get in trouble, and proceed to give myself a concussion by kicking myself in the face with a ball. fucking felicia.
dont spray pepper spray while your running.
-boyfriend wanted to try something new, i misheard and laughed at his penis when it touched my face.
i cracked my back playing minecraft and screwed my shoulder up.
don't call my parents
didn't bring proper products to work, and have no money to get one and no one has any extra :(
went to a party, hit it off with a nice girl, pigged out in front of everyone, rode off into the night.
get a text from a girl saying   "get over here  " and i worry so i go to her house and call  text her a total of 20 times each trying to make sure she's okay. she's fine and doesn't remember sending that. now she thinks i'm weird and creepy.
accidentally called my friend's daughter the name of a terrorist group, accidentally implied she needed to bring down a government.
tried to be cute in answering a dumb question and ended up telling my wife i want to have sex with her sister
i was regrettably gassy, not looking classy,when the door was opened by a lassy.
tisu by stepping on a screw
pretty sure i'm going to jail.
saw most beautiful girl in my life, she threw me an opportunity and i fumbled harder than any football player could ever have.
lied about having a fuck up to you.
sh  t happens and it doesn't care where or with whom you are.
     i replied to a chain text by sending it as a mass text to all of my contacts, including two girls that i had liked.
i left my girlfriend's expensive headphones on the coffee table and her asshole cat chewed through them.
i didn't hit the bird hard enough and was witnessed by my 7 year old.
forgot to check to see if the destination on my phone was actually a restaurant, and ended up in the sticks...afraid for my life, and possibly my sexual safety.
sold my xbox for counterfeit money.
thought surrender date was the 27th, was actually the 13th. tifu by being an inattentive dumbass.
coworkers have been emailing my youtube alias for a month
my girlfriend got vietnam-like flashbacks after watching me play the game.
i spent $110 on a workout program that i can't afford while i was on ambien last night.
text the girl of my dream telling her i was essentially going to deeeeestroy her nannies anus.
if i don't zip the zipper, their teacher's a stripper.
forgot to put on sunscreen, ended up looking like larry the lobster's wet dream.
blab about bully boss to who i think is an intermediary agency, turns out to be the hiring manager. d'oh
i wanted to know if a sedative would work if someone were to drink it, called poison control, and made an ass of myself.
murdered goldfish with water + sterilizing agent.
housemates probably think i just performed fellatio on my mate.
can't drive in reverse, roughed up my dad's only delivery car just when he thought i was capable enough of getting around town by myself.
went frog catching with my sister, watched a video, fish beastiality, now she won't talk to me.
i accidentally hit my cat in the eye with the edge of a paper plate.
made oatmeal, let it cool and played with cats, toy was grabbed in the air by fan releasing dust into oatmeal
saved keys from falling into a sewer grate by punting them into a child's face.  ran away from the scary mom, and forgot my eggs.
50% gay party, wasn't aware of the situation because everybody was so nice, a guy tried his luck with me in an uncomfortable manner   u2014 i fled.
creeper uncle situation sends me to my laptop, worried pregnant fiancee goes looking thru other halfs email, finds sexual personal craigslist ad replies.
dropped springsteen and his family off in the soaking rain cause i was too pussy to drive onto the footpath.
killed my gf's sister's hamster then made a joke about it to my gf's family.
tifu by taking   u201cbreak a leg  u201d too literally; broke my foot, but didn  u2019t break character, as they say, the show must go on!
  u2013 don  u2019t bring dead bugs (or their exoskeleton) to work. better yet, don  u2019t show them to your boss when you find them.
       i cut inline at a gift shop in the most magical place in the world and made a little 8 year old upset.
skyped best friend, she changed clothing in front of me and flashed me. i tried to hide myself from this but i looked. i feel horrible now.
screwed up any chances with the girl of my dreams by prematurely telling her how i felt.
my horny 21 year old mine blew my chances on the one night i could've got it
i made my dads phone easier to use, he threatened to kill me with a laptop and then with a gun.
tried to make flippy floppy, michael scott levels of awkwardness ensued.
sat outside in the freezing cold for an hour trying to de-ice car enough to open doors only to have my wife unlock the car and open the doors.
i didn't make it clear to the bus boy that i wanted both plates in one box and not just my girlfriend's tiny leftovers, but my half eaten pasta. it was expensive and now i have no lunch for tomorrow!
tifu by misinterpreting   "do you have a phone  " for   "do you have a store phone  ", and corrected the girl with   "no, i've got a radio.  "
grad party = douchebags + [(alcohol x superiority complex)    ass kicking] ^ cheating girlfriend.
never touching my phone at work again.
reached for some corn flakes, bonked a lady over the head.
firecrotch.
set glass cake dish on a burner that was still on, bombed my so's fathers kitchen.
i ate half of a piece of the second hottest pepper in world, and the pain was unreal.
drove to an event, stayed sober instead of taking an uber to get there and then get and uber back in the opposite direction to get my car. made my friend's wife explode in rage, possibly hurting their marriage.
reactivated oc spray during happy time, doused a burning sun in a swimming pool
teased a clerk in my department when working in a different department temporarily that he cannot handle working in my department and the reason he was working in other was because he had a meltdown because he really couldn't handle working in my department.
i started a game with with no fan or cooler on my gpu because i didnt want to wait till monday to go to a store and buy screws and broke 900$+ gpu.
i took an explosive shit and my gf's mum found it
have crush on girl at golf course who works there once of a week. finally built up courage to ask for her number today but i left my clubs in my mother's car. guess i gotta wait another week
friend crashed my step-mom's car through the garage door. out of desperation i broke the car window and said someone tried stealing the car. cops didn't believe it and my dad thought it was funny (to this day i don't know why).
accidentally told a little girl i would help her potty train by responding to my friend with the home depot slogan.
americans english spells color and british english spells colour
soaked my new kitten in piss, not the best way to be drowning in pussy.
befriended a trash talking bitch and didn't listen to my friends
held the door for a cute girl, sleepy brain combined no problem and of course into something that sounded like 'intercourse.' fun times ensue.
;     dressed up as santa while delivering personal christmas cards to my friends the day before, but one of them never gets it. instead his mother does, thinking its a crazy guy from her work, and everything escalates very quickly when they call the cops.  this is just days before their family trip to aussie over the holiday to spend new years, almost cancelling the whole thing until they found out it was just me.
i thought i didn't plug in my graphics card correctly, i ended up spending over   u00a3800 to replace my whole computer after it stopped working when i touched it. the graphics card was dead all along.
made a series of fus and lost a $2k collection of cards in a checked luggage bag because i rode greyhound and didn't watch my bag closely enough.
i have twice offended someone  missing a part of their body because of movies that depict loosing those body parts and because i have a big mouth that i need to keep shut.
ran out of toilet paper. wiped my ass with dental gauze. it was the best thing i have ever wiped my ass with. i now refuse to wipe with anything else
i told my fiance she spends too much money. get out of the car and she drives away. no more fiance.
: glitch in trivago, booked a hotel for one month after the day we need it.
laughed at someone who got pulled over. crashed into the cars in front of me
my dad can't spell my name causing me to sit 5 exams for someone who doesn't exist.
made a stupid joke and accidentally convinced my friends mother we were struggling, now i have no idea what to do
my gf was the fool who went and ripped her pants.
took my white, middle aged mom to slam poetry competition and she was asked to judge about 15 performers (93.3333333% black  hispanic), and their topics were mostly on the ethnic struggle.
i broke my phone's screen getting angry at my crush.
don't leave glasses in places that are accessible to dogs, or you might get to drink slobber too.
gave my 3yo all the information she needed to realise santa claus is not real.
i need a new microwave
thought hump day meant ass day.. people who browse the chive knows what i mean..
lost a great keyboard-pal by either being too talkative or posting a gif link that might seem nsfw(but isn't)
this happened years ago. i should say tifu by reading tifu on reddit.
in central texas cities, you need to include hazard pay if the person housesitting for you isn't white. lucky he and dog are not dead.
sneezed so hard i dislocated my shoulder.   at night.
roommate told me some shocking news. ignored it and got to be part of a circuit.
i didn't realise my name was samuel instead of just sam. thought there was a kid in my class called samool and felt bad for them.
flirted with a girl for 2 hours before she told me she was single.
rejected a younger girl who almost killed herself
never return to the supermarket with previous purchases without the receipt. otherwise you can be arrested like i did (even though i was a bit wrong, nothing justifies being arrested - given i did not steal anything).
blew the candles of someone else's birthday cake in panic when i saw the wax melting.
i compared my girlfriends need for the house to be spotless to hitlers needs for the world to be spotless.
drunk friend tore down street signs, somehow got past cops.
i told a hot customer to go away when i meant to say either   "go for it  " or   "fire away  ". this is probably why i'm single....
i made an offensive joke to homosexuals while being in a car withy two homosexual uncles.
watched helplessly as a domino of destruction took everything i loved.
i addressed a present to the wrong child, so one child got two presents, and one got zero.
led on a younger girl, then hurt her feelings and lost one of my closest friends.
thought i was counting in a mediocre song by the eagles, was actually counting in a total day-ruiner.
__ today i acted like a goober while pretending to listen to my favourite band and then awkwardly rescued a common ant while the owners of the house spectated, unbeknownst to me.
put phone in airport trashcan, birthcontrol alarm starts ringing soon after...
sent my brothers gifts to my neighbors house. i forgot to tell her they werent for her.
don't store your junk prematurely. get to home and then store it.
tried to help an old lady falling over while hands in pocket, condoms in pocket fell out and didnt pick them up leaving them for everyone to stare at
wasted two days upgrading windows 8 to windows 10 and later while installing bios, bricked the laptop.
left sandwich in locker for about 8 months, smelled like ass, people still seem to talk about it.
the government of india shot a tiger because i made a typo.
testing officer told me to do a u-turn at the roundabout and in a moment of retardation i tried to turn into the oncoming lanes and go back the way i came.
smoked some herbal incense, got a chance to feel what it'd be like to be a schizophrenic vegetable
next time you want to make the bigger badder joke, just shut the fuck up.
the most convenient method can be deceiving. spent a few good years with my phone half-charged.
in my haste this morning, i almost dropped my children off at the wrong person's house. then, i backed into someone's car trying to leave.
went 2 years thinking my ipod  u2019s wi-fi connectivity was broken, turns out the password was case-sensitive (duh).
i'm the 6 year old grinch who stole christmas.
sounds in the movie made me think a couple behind me had left their cell phone notifications on. an accumulation of annoyances made this the final straw in a movie meltdown turned massively embarrassing experience that has now left me traumatized by movie theaters.
tried to shop online to avoid the christmas masses, destroyed my laptop in the process
i'm hilarious, but only ironically.
used a permanent marker by mistake, wrote a meme on the whiteboard, didn't come off, forced to scrub it off.
killed a conversation by bringing up a deceased parent of a friend and was punished with deadly silence.
signed a lease and googled the name of my roommate, found out she's a huge cult leader. a little freaked out.
doing something nice for a stranger, saw panties, ran away
an 8 week old kitten disturbed the pet balance already established for 10 years. female cat said fuck that noise and peace'd out
skipped school almost got caught but didnt.
i gave myself false hope.
sent hateful modmail to the wrong people and ended up getting banned from   r  punchablefaces.
broken cars and broken dreams.
fell asleep driving, almost killed me and my friend
my friend almost passed out from blood loss because i didn't order him a pizza.
: sent family emails to trustify. was a stupid idiot. trustify is a scummy company, and i'm a stupid ho.
: was nervous about asking a girl out, couldn't find my ativan, took my dogs xanax instead, accidentally tripped the fuck out in school, made myself look like an idiot in front of girl while tripping
crossed my jumper cables and turned an $80 bad battery into a full blown fried engine.
talking virtual frog totally killed the mood.
i saw blue daba de daba dye
got my med card, bought an edible with 4x the dose of thc per individual, and i experienced hallucinations. i also vomited 4 times at a carl's jr.
posted a question to askreddit which got over 9,500 answers and i didn't find out until the following day.
- repeatedly dropped paychecks on same nyc street due to rubber phone case. all came back to me somehow.  need a billfold.  strangers are awesome.
left hostel door open and woke up with a room full of pussy
i tried to cook ramen but gave myself cancer instead.
went to therapy because bitter in relationship, find out i'm likely autistic.
was new to a school. met fat kid. fat kid was annoying. called him retarded. he was actually physically retarded. got almost in trouble. bitch deserved it.
through a series of several bad decisions, i end up not sleeping for 2 days, which leads me to miss my connecting flight. after paying a fortune for the new ticket, i then spend the next 24 hours reenacting   "the terminal.  "
never trust your uncle
i have fists of steel
i repaired an iphone, contacted the owner, asked for a reimbursement, got yelled at, now going to court.
hired, then fired for hair drug test that came back positive for marijuana
ripping my pants by trying to grab a drink i dropped and making a girl laugh so hard that she literally shit in her pants.
hot summers day. me and my friend decided that it would be funny to pretend to be drunk infront of my other friends. was hilarious for a while but one of my friends called my aunt, who then took me home to my mom, who then grounded me for a month. i figured it would be better to keep the lie going and take the punishment rather than look like a cunt infront of my friends.
facebook stalked a colleague while on the train, he was behind me the whole time
basically naked girl says   "i'm cold  ", stupid me grabs a jacket and throws it at her.
gave myself a minty-pink chemical peel
arm around random stranger whom i mistook for my friend at heathrow made me feel less sure about my ability to make decisions.
i learned my lesson ron jeremy is not a soccer player.
love bacon, hate salads, cut my bacon, then cut my tongue.
i grabbed a hose in the dark and got a shitload more than i bargained for.
went to see a band, discovered semen on my chest.
fuck salt.
got lost on a scout hike and had to get rescued by a rescue heli.
my friend turned psycho after getting dumped and me being scared of what he might do to me led to me assaulting my girlfriend of then only a few weeks.
tried out a sensory deprivation tank, experienced what tripping on acid felt like (but without the acid), panicked after being disoriented in the tank, bruised myself, burnt my eyes, and clogged my ears for the following weeks.
i fucked my knee because i'm an idiot security guard who reads reddit while walking in the dark on 3rd shift
by coincidence, my boss  i hired this hot girl that i have been checking out the past few months, to report directly to me.
not even once
laid down in a pile of cat shit about twenty minutes ago. welcome to my life.
drugs really are bad
inadvertently finding out my cousin knows what dicks smell like and potentially made her think i like eating dicks.
: i[f  23] asked my brother[m  30] if i could taste his sausage.
talking to attractive girl on tinder, she seemed open. asked for butt stuff, no reply. still matched.
my friend gave me a check but told me not to use it, i did, parents found out and grounded me for a month.
i got an iced capp, took the roundabout too fast, spilled literally my entire drink, drank it from the cup holder anyways, went to get another and when i get there tim horton's has been fucking closed for 7 minutes.
survived afghanistan, defeated by a meatloaf ambush on my home turf.
thought i had serious incurable stomach  digestive issues, just had to take a big shit.
had an afternoon nap and woke up at 5am and can't get back to sleep.
my coworker saw pictures of my girlfriend's boobs, our goofy faces, and my bulge.
looked up my mom's old high school boyfriend online and found out he murdered his two little girls and then committed suicide in 2010.
i laughed at a guy with cancer puking in a hallway and he is super close friend of my brother .
cried because i put shampoo in my eyes trying to get my contacts out.
as a musician, you'd think i'd be more in touch with the language.
i laughed at a bad line in a movie and popped a blood vessell in my brain.
i didn't get enough sleep on my roadtrip to california. blacked out in the middle of a freeway, loud song woke me up before anything bad happened.
girl i like called my ice pack fat so i called her fat instead
did you know corn produces a smell worse than the dirtiest of diapers? don't forget about it in a cooler full of water.
= had complaints filed at work and is haunting me to this day.
sexually assaulted myself to defend against sexually assaulting myself.
never going to take morning naps ever again.
kate ass, nice lass, bad flash, no backlash.
meet someone online, bonded over being cheated on; bonding intensifies; find out from reddit she maybe have cheated on me.
poured bleach in with week old sick pee, caused small chemical reaction
a friend and i smashed some ice at the bottom of a hill. kid sledded down it and launched right into broken ice with his face. now has big scar on his forehead.
needed to shit in a rush, forgot to wipe arse and pulled pants up, spent rest of meeting with shitty pants
5 days in a madhouse after i moved into a new apartment with person who is addicted to molly and never sleeps. he is a paranoid delusional and and things got so out of control i needed police to intervene so i could move out. i have bad luck and my next roomate will undoubtedly be a meth addict.
rekt mate
this is an amusing, moritifing story of the unthinkable happening during sex.
amazing blowjob ends with a climax of semen and urine in a girl's face
bathroom stall had faulty lock, door was nearly opened twice
asserted dominance over my new lady friend
cock blocked by an unlock
rushed into a relationship with an obsessive girl, broke up with her, still have to deal with her after almost 24 hours
went to a wedding. reddit made me think about hitler. compared someone to hitler positively in front of a bunch of old jewish people.
went to the toilet took a snapchat and now my boss thinks i am a creep.
thought all my friends hated me, have a mental breakdown and cancel my birthday party, turns out was pms and i'm very emotional
spongebob has amazing calendars.
got drunk, banged something, but wasnt mine to bang
tomorrow my mum is gonna have an exorcism perfomed on our cat because i'm an immature dumbass.
first made a grilled cheese for my gf, then one for myself, i burned mine.
blacked out and abandoned my girlfriend resulting in her getting lost in a foreign city where she cut her knee and experienced an asthma attack.
accidentally emailed 2500 kids that i was failing my class instead of my professor  ta.
parked and smoked weed in front of a house that was broken into and ended up almost in jail.
accidentally pocket dialed parents while having really rough sex. parents heard me moaning like a little bitch. tonight's sunday dinner should be fun...
4 person birthday party, promised i wouldnt drink, try to get buzzed, muslim friend chugs my cup. she got super drunk
i shared a less than half completed report with a professor, got an irate email about it and a failing grade; took me two weeks to realize i submitted the wrong version of the paper. currently begging for forgiveness and trying to explain the situation so i don't fail this quarter
girl took my sweater off, i stopped her from taking her shirt off.
got cross faded. played d&d. kidnaped a child. bit off a dick.
two heads are better than one
did some nude ironing, burnt my helmet.
i tried to cook bagels in a machine where you were supposed to bake bread out of dough.
missed bus  having irregular frequency. thinking that i have lot if time to kill , ordered chicken wrap. another bus passed by while my chicken wrap is getting prepared. now actually have lot of time to kill
hanging out with girl, ex bf chases me through the city until i flag down a cop who didnt help, then the ex tells me i fucked up via text
had to take a leak, instead showed my sister my flaccid ding dong.
went on school trip to normandy, france, for d-day memorial, saw hitler thrust-pissing into the toilet, got scarred for life.
didnt look after laptop full of porn properly, little brother took it to a friends house by accident.
drunk friend drove party bus into a pole leading to thirty people being stuck in the cold
highschool crush and i are about to have sex, we're both drunk that she passes out immediately and i bruise the crap out of her by dropping her constantly. shitty tldr, read the story.
highschooler skips his after school class and then feels bad. oh nooo
  u201cknock knock  u201d  u2026  u201dhiiiii sweetie!!!!!....oh my god what  u2019s wrong  u2026.. oh my god what is that fucking smell?  u201d
turned volume down for xbox, girlfriend thought i was viewing porn.
last night i ate fried baby rats.
tried to do something cool, ended up punching myself in the face.
: ate pringles, destroyed my mouth and butt
poor lighting led me to killing a huge moth with my bare fingers. alternatively, tifu by stealing a kill from my cat.
i recooked some fried rice and almost killed my roomates and myself by leaving the gas on.
went to a friends sleepover with his boyfriend, accidentally  not accidentally but didn't want to hear(d) them make out and have oral sex. friend probably thinks hearing them do it was my fantasy.
got high, drank my nasty toenails.
i am retarded.
i raced my friend down a main road tried to make a turn that he passed up cause speed and totaled my car by slamming into a flimsy ass railing over a decent drop into water.
cousin had problem with hard disk, showed him how to completely format it, also formatted my own hard disk too. loss of very very important data.
gave my gf a b-day brain rattling
got so excited for sex, i forgot someone was going to drive us home, walked 45 minutes back home, killed the mood. no sex for me.
my employers place of work got flooded on the day on my interview. i didn't know and it cost me the job.
threw my cherished hat into the shit. gonna wear it on monday.
fell asleep on couch with my 2 year old. woke up reacting to movement. went wtf and threw kid.
bought stage makeup, slit throat. gf comes in and nearly has a heart attack.
asked wife to join me in the shower, it was golden, couches suck
pirating movies on your friends internet is a bad idea (especially when the movies a little feminine)...
implied someones brother was gay made a butt sex joke then looked like an ass
answered a yak, had an almost three way, got asked to ask out later, now i'm the evil rapist spawn of satan. now my day and self esteem is gone to hell, and i feel like a sick monster.
being a foreigner in my native country made me a racist.
told my boss and friend of 2 decades to get bent over hollowed promises, mistreatment, but want me to stay as their workhorse.
i drank what i thought was port but turns out it was vegetable oil and i threw up in a smokey and the bandit mug.
used dating apps, met a girl, sent a message, did a little stalking, is my professor's daughter.
hungout with 2 chicks got fucked over by meg who called her friends who stranded us downtown
got high for the first time in my life with some friends last night, started hallucinating about monsters and lost any ability to control my mind, thought i was becoming schizophrenic, slept outside in freezing temperatures in shorts and a t-shirt.
as a young plumber i mistakenly went the wrong way up a sewer into someone's bathroom, broke their toilet, grabbed their shower curtain and swabbed their sewer with the curtain while the toilet began flooding the room.
ucla stands for   "u creepy lurking asshat  "
tried to snark, wife is now hiding her g strings
quest diagnostics lost my cup of pee and i can't get a job at macys for 6 months because of it. don't hate macys, hate quest.
pain cream will never relieve the pain of how hard i've fucked myself.
don't fall in love with your boyfriend's best friend and don't drink tequila when you're pissed at someone or you might end up being a horrible bitch to your close friends.
took some acid with a kid in college. kid has schizophrenic episode and gets kicked out of school.
left my uncle stranded in 4 degrees celsius weather because he thought my voicemail was me.
tifu by trying to be funny by jumping a cop at a planet sub in order to impress my date, in which aforementioned cop was my father who ended up almost killing me because cops will do that if you touch their guns.
tried to jailbreak but restored his phone instead
my gf and her best friend now aren't friends because of me
i ordered a pizza in an ice storm and the driver got stuck in my driveway
got told on for giving my 40 year old cousin a single ecstasy pill for a maroon 5 concert, and now my boyfriend's mom thinks i'm pablo escobar in both looks and drug trafficking
watched a movie about a little girls falling in love with a grown man, whilst alone with m little nice , no repercussions lucky.
= bought amazon prime instead of getting a free trial, got double penetrated by ana marie the customer service lady.
i swiped right on a chick who's a friend of a friend, unmatched because it was a mistake, girl found me on facebook and told me i'm a piece of shit, then her friend messaged me and pretty much said the same thing.
cleaned toilet, took shit, bleach went into ass
tried to make a funny with boss, turns out he doesn't appreciate dank cartoons
sent my real estate agent money meant for my housemate under the name 'celine dion'
playing cod at a birthday party ruined my social life as a child and a teenager.
went to bed slightly drunk with gf, let friend sleep in bed, spoon and kiss him instead of her in half-drunken, sleepy stupor.
frank oz was just trying to be generous and my coworker and i made him really grumpy
got cockblocked by cows
i met a cute girl, talked to her friend about if i should pursue her, ended up talking to her mom, now i have no chance.
went overboard on secret santa and mailed package to an incorrect address.  after it was returned, i sent out again and forgot my own address.  no box for anyone now.
fell in love with my best friend but gave up, feel like a fu
got high and mistakenly killed my nieces christmas present, currently living a lie right now.
boxing day is being observed today.
gf and i played card game where she  kept screaming . anxious cops came to my door.
i mastrubated with an 8 inch dildo while i was home alone and fell asleep with it still inside me. ended up having to walk around with said dildo in me to avoid being found out. almost let it drop out in front of my mom, but kegels saved the day.
too tired to kick cat out of bed before sleeping,  wake up to cat shit and piss in my bed and i still have to sleep in it.
couldn't sleep, smoked to come down, towel dried my tongue raw, didn't write essays that need to be done, got into making this post b  c [7], lost sleep and time to do essays
wanted to fap in the middle of the night, took my laptop to the bathroom. brother knocked on the door, and i put the laptop in my pants as i walked out. laptop fell out as i walked out, brother saw and laughed his ass off.
; pulled out the middle out of a christmas tree, causing embarrassment greatly to me, resulting in a rapid flee.
i fingered my wife and she punched me and called for a divorce while she's on her fucking period
i was dumb, 11 years old and na  u00efve. clicked on lemonparty link and got a message saying the fbi knew what i was doing and needed 500 dollars. i freaked out, purposely filled my laptop with viruses and convinced parents to throw it away so i wouldn't go to jail.
i f-ed up by letting my guy friend use my phone, finding some dirty pictures. let's just say my boyfriend was not happy.
i went to a strip club by myself for the first time and paid $200 only to sing to and be serenaded by a stripper. i'm never going back.
thought i had a chance with a bus-stop girl but might have ended up with a trip to chuck-e-cheese's
didn't realize there was shit stored in n oven, it melted al over everywhere
my feminist sister thinks i jerk off to her.
got all f'd up with my dad at the bar. post nudez of my wife. holy shit she's pissed and rightfully so.
got it on with my so at my parents house, things got messy in her hair, tried to clean it off in the bathroom, clogged the toilet. had an awkward conversation with my dad.
during family christmas photo i let my little brother sit on my lap not knowing that he had pissed and crapped his pants.
cashier ate a grape that wasn't paid for, my daughter wanted one, a manager overheard, cashier's fate unknown.
i recommended my muslim friend  to watch a show where the prime minister fucks a pig on screen
i confessed my love to my crush. got friend zoned. tried to find her next day to apologise. ended up looking like a stalker.
grandma served my whole family potato chips from my ass soaking bowl.
i used my fuckboi seduction charm on the microwave, grandma wondered who i was seducing
i didn't read the fine print on a work related course and am out $850 bucks, and will likely have to take the course again even though you practically pass for showing up.
- i said   "nice aim mann  " was mistaken as nice ass. i was talking in a soft voice too so it was easily misheard.
kayak fell out of truck on interstate, couldn't even find it
dad saw my dick
i played too much bloodborne and burned it into the t.v then spilled drink my everywhere.
dog saw a squirrel while on a leash and dragged me across the ground and possibly broke my wrist.
roommate got super stoned and cut onions with her eyes closed and obviously cutting her finger.
extremely conservative father, and all of church staff, accidentally unlocked my carepackage. i blamed reddit, need to cover up; need to recover carepackage.
an anonymous person was ruining our bathroom, i went on a rant about it to my boss, who was in fact the poop bomber
speaking without thinking led to an accidental alluh ackbar.
stole hot chocolate because i was hungry and ended up being known as brown hot pocket.
went for a shower, met a government secret in the flesh, currently locked in a room with it, all because a twisty lock forgot how to twist. still have straw-hair.
i made a dbz reference to a guy named tien and was told not to.
bitter lady who can't have kids gets mad at me because i don't want any, after a nice little rant i tell her its probably best she doesn't have kids due to the bitch like behavior i just witnessed.
friend adopted large breed dog, afraid of dog, got shock collar to train dog, i disagreed with shock collar for training, caused an uproar in my friends group leading to drama.
i play games,mum gets angry,pulls keyboard,pulls computer,rip in pepperoni computer 2k15
spent the whole day to cover up the murder of a pigeon
i ignored my blatant history of terrible luck with girls and was rewarded with blistered feet and dehydration from the jersey heat for nothing.
cured dog deafness by exposing to my mother my public shaving habits.
late to work, caught the train, tried to hold door for hot girl, hand gets trapped, girl left on platform
read a hilarious brown-out post, laughed like a seal, got written up.
i spilled $6 worth of m&ms on the floor in front of a bunch of people at the movie theatre.
my kid found a dollar bill in a public bathroom that had been up someone's nose. i had to take it from her in case there were still any drug remnants on it, but she just thinks i stole her new found money.
new number, notified old friends, forgot to not send as group message, rip inbox, can't get it to stop.
i ended up taking a bus in china instead of the nice and clean train to save some money and hassle of having to do transfers, only to end up paying more than the cost of the train and ending up having to ride one of the most unsanitary, hazardous, dangerous, pile of feces smelling bus resembling one of the worst inventions made by mankind that should not be allowed to exist and having to endure some of the 7 most uncomfortable hours of my life.
i hung up on a telemarketer and he called me back saying i am a motherfucker
moth has to grow a pair and stop overreacting
called my girlfriend fat on accident, now i feel like a dickhead.
i tried to be a good samaritan by rescuing a lost dog, mistakenly identified the dog as belonging to my neighbor, and gave them a painful reminder that their dog is dead
check your flight times and your pants
asked my teacher to go to the toilet, she asked me why, i responded sarcastically and got 1 hour detention for that, but i still went to the toilet!
i had the chance to own the car of my dreams for $10k cheaper than it was worth, but i passed because i didn't want to get fucked by an 8 inch long pink and shiny strap-on.
i didn't realize a really pretty girl liked me until a year later
fuck you   u  shaany15
i just cost my dad almost $200 for the third time this month because of our combined carelessness  stupidity  bad luck.
put into an awkward situation with a slow truck in front me and a tailgater behind me. i pass the truck only have the same truck end up at the same destination a minute later. not 30 seconds after me.
hold a kid over the toilet, he pisses the bed for days after.
touched my girlfriend in the shower. asked if it felt like an old man. made both of us really uncomfortable.
watching too many anime love stories screwed up my chance to have a nice peaceful walk with the guy i kinda like. bumping him faking the upcoming car is gonna hit us. that's lame.
my neighbor probably knows more about my sex life than i do.
mistook a late night accidental missed call as an opportunity for a sexy phone call with a girl i've only know for a couple of weeks. she hasn't text me back since.
i sent to text to a co-worker who was sharing his screen with 20 people with my full name and the word anus.)
   invited friend over for halloween, chat prior turned sexual, made for the most awkward first male sexual experience of my life.
went out to meet people, almost certainly got molested by an ignorant middle aged woman, got saved by my ex
laughed at a homeless mans mildly racist joke and he followed me all the way to my office telling me extremely racist jokes
i called a russian a son of a bitch in his own language.
a moth kamikaze'd into my pubic hair and when i tried to remove it it exploded into little moth pieces
met the bff, feelings went out of balance, i made her fel uncomfortable and within a weekend it turned from love to disgust and she can't ever be my friend again because i'm a fucking tool.
my husband and i laughed at a  funny photo that was not supposed to be funny, while the subject of said photo saw us .
went to bf house, got super high, got a bad trip, yacked everywhere, went home paranoid to get caught by parents, slept for 18 hours straight
he was suspended from working for a bit and just recently was this lifted. so he looked extremely forward to meeting this guy yesterday, and he was ready to discuss some hard things in order to get this back. so they met and talked for a bit, and things got a bit rough. i didn't want to intervene, so i let them go at it. around 13 different deals to get the title were negotiated, and at the 13th one it sounded like a deal was struck. just as brock is about to get it, another guy who he had problems with showed up, and let's call him mark.
i frequent r  watchpeopledie and decided it wasn't hardcore enough for me so i posted a thread asking the subredditors   "is there a sub similar to this one, but not for pussies?  " and annoyed a bunch of really fucking disturbed redditors.
did not meet my gf which ended our relationship.
getting hate replies from a comment i entered in a pewdiepie video.
don't ever go for that   "one last time  ".
i put in alot of bubblegum to make a bubble thick enough to hold liquid momentarily, vomited, and it blew up all over my face
never speak internet-language to a guy who's trying to sell newspaper. you might scare him for life.
  u2014 christmas magic is real. elfs are real. santa is real. don  u2019t fuck with santa.
had a queen size mattress fly off the back of a truck into highway 101 due to improperly strapping it down.  received bed bugs in return.
i didn't know that you can let a shower   "warm up  " before you step inside, so i am conditioned to take a full load of santa  u2019s arctic spring water on my naked body every morning before it slowly warms up.
if you've got power running through something unplugged, you've got a problem.
texted some guy who posted his number online, then got told he was special needs.
girlfriend asked me to pick her up, she failed to mention where to pick her up from so i walked in her house with her non-english speaking parents.
robots and humans agree that my posts are spam-worthy.
j. wellington wimpy tried shaking me down for a buck, then shamed me publicly when i pointed out he wasn't following the script.
i met a girl, had sex with her without a condom, found out she's 16 and most likely pregnant, currently dying kms
stuck dick in crazy and took it to work for showntell  __
accidentally re-enacted wwi by filling a new apartment with a lethal gas by pooping in a bleach-filled toilet.
i spent the morning browsing reddit and got thoroughly grossed out by some nsfl posts, causing me to vomit over my lasagne.
tried trimming pubes, parents caused a panic cease of operations, pubes looked like lopsided afro, girlfriend who gives head that is more addicting than heroin saw it later, laughed herself out of the mood and went to sleep.
while staying with my boss, i blew my load in the guest room trash can and later, he removed the trash with his bare hands while gathering up all the trash in the house to take outside.
ended a government class presentation with a compilation of slight-to-severe nsfw zombie kills, got an f
thought it would be good to surprise my boyfriend who works at night with a fully furnished apartment when he got back. (we just moved) enlisted help of long term friend who is married because he has a truck. he helped me bring in the couches then left. boyfriend comes in and sees the furniture, but is furious that i spent 1 on 1 time with a guy, even though my only intent was to make him happy... feel like dirt.
guy in the bathroom didn't respond when i asked if anyone was in there.  i gave the door a tug, ripping the hardware out of it and got too good a view of employee doing his business.
disease, government guards mistaken me for terrorist
i tried to save a rabbit's life, used my car horn to do it, but my car horn activates deadly cats hidden in grass, and as a result the rabbit is now fancy feast.
went to chipotle for 2-for-1 burritos on halloween.  took pictures with rock candy that looked like meth.  almost got fired, and lost a future job opportunity.  luckily, got a better job instead.
overcorrected the balance of a platter of water, tipped it onto 4 old folks' table.
i forgot how my dryer worked.
offered a estranged family potentially thousands of dollars in equipment for free, trying to be friendly, my dog approached and the dad hit it with a bat. cops were called and i can safely add another family to the list that hates us.
tifu- this happened to someone i know a week ago and they have given me full permission to post this.
my friend got triggered by bullet-hollywood undead
i was drinking last night and jumped off a staircase. probably broke my ankles. and now my future medical bills may ruin my near future.
posted to   r  gonewild....girlfriend found post...thinks im cheating on her looking to find other woman to sleep with when really i just wanted a picture on my junk on   r  gonewild with a few nice comments...relationships probably over because of it.
a dancing woman knocked her child over, i tried to help, got arrested.
- friend attacked me with a rubber knife, got the cops called by being too realistic.
caught a praying mantis and it ate my friends.
car broken into, tried to find super, stepped in wet cement, walking around work today with one cement covered shoe
my daughter publicly insults my manhood
i butt dialled my parents as i was smoking weed whilst they were enjoying a short holiday away. ruining any chance of me ever being allowed to be at home on my own again.
called my boss a bitch by quoting a song
told a homeless man that i preferred the weather cold enough to have snow.
tried flirting and sounded like i'm starting a cult.
forgot how to stick, got my end reared, not as bad as i feared
i fucked up by setting an alarm off accidentally
replaced a deceased kid my age. got friendly with my new crew. crushed it all by reminding them that the kid was gone.
roommate switched bowls of sugar and salt. i forgot.
i was dared to throw a gummy bear at the wall to make a teacher jump, accidentally hit him in the back of the head causing him to spin round and dislodge his wig.
waited for a comeback, screwed myself over, instantly regrets life choices, and still has to wait another 24 hours for a video.
past-me was fit and active, inspiring my partner to hit the gym and get all buff. several years later my friend is inspired by her and insists we work out together. the pain!
fucked up by embarassing my friend by bringing up what turned out to be private information between the two of us about a mistake he made in front of his crush and proceeded to lash out and threaten me. learnt assumption is a terrible idea in regard to information about one's romantic interest.
was super tired and accidentally thew my gummy bears and phone across my room which in turn destroyed phone ps4 and tv
yelled suck me as i walked into a classroom. got sent to timeout.
tifu by pretending to be gay and as a result seeing gay sex. image scorched forever.
sent an audio of a dude cursing at me to a girl in attempt to break their friendship. women, amirite?
4th grade me thought i was a good magician, failed miserably doing a magic show in front of the class, and cried miserably at home.
i nearly killed myself by having a funny voice.
young me though it would be a good idea to jump at a wall to scare away hiccups, ended up breaking two front teeth. then went on vacation years later at a water park and tried to swim like a dolphin (friends still haven't let me live this one down) and broke said teeth out again on the bottom of the pool
didnt know english, called a girl fat, felt bad, became a better person. sort of.
my 5 year old told a muslim off for having the wrong color halloween costume for a ghost.
sold a bunch of cookie dough. lost the fundraiser. didn't get the names back or in order and threw up a lot of cookie dough
     high ranking officer walked in while i was trying to eat a piece of lettuce and i guffawed.
let a disabled man get dressed, ended up losing the effect of anesthetics and got my banjo string cut   "au natural  " and thus experienced a pain that no man should ever have to endure.
went to pick up my friend, didn't say hi to his sister, she thought i was a pedophile and almost called the cops on me.
handed flight attendant my phone to show her my flights, she accidentally pressed the back button and opened the wrong album trying to get back to the picture that she accidentally clicked out from, results were that she saw a lot of nudes of me.
decided to mow over flies, find out they're bees.
compared my adopted boyfriend to our friend finding his long-lost car.
got wasted, gave a dog margarita, got punched in the face by a woman for it, called the police for getting assaulted and was ridiculed, but got her car towed as a result.
wanted to dust my gpu, ended up breaking my cheap micro atx motherboard.
followed redditor's advice, got mrsa in the face, almost died.
my friend dressed up as a terrorist with a bomb at a middle east conference at school
classmate bought the bike before i could
: accidentally saw sisters friend naked, threw sweaters at her thinking she was my sister because i'm legally blind, and didn't even get to enjoy the view.
rubbed boogers on my shirt while someone watched because i'm such an adult.
opened a dumpster, was given quite a scare from a cat.
got locked on a roof because the wind is an a$$hole, cop comes and catches  saves us but ends up getting locked on the roof as well.
bought used car.  no warranty.  a  c broke a day later.
don't wax your asshole before trying another part of your body first. 
found photos of my boyfriend with other women on his phone, got skeptical and went through his messages only to find that during the first 3 months of our relationship he had been flirting with multiple women 